







DECLARATION OF ESTABLISHMENT
OF

PROTECTIVE RESTRICTIONS, CONDITIONS,
COVENANTS AND RESERVATIONS
AFFECTING THE REAL PROPERTY KNOWN AS
"ELLIS ESTATES"

SITUATED IN THE COUNTY OF CLARK
STATE OF NEVADA.

Dated: February 29th, 1944.

This Declaration made this______day of February, 1944, by WILLIAM E. ELLIS and FLORENCE

ELLIS, Husband and wife.

WHEREAS, WILLIAM E. ELLIS and FLORENCE ELLIS, are the owners of a certain tract or
parcel of real property located in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and described as
follows, to*wit:

Lots One (1) to Seven (7) inclusive, as shown on a certain map entitled "ELLIS
ESTATES", filed in the Office of the County Recorder of said County of Clark, in

Book	of Plats, Page______, to which map and the record thereof, reference

is hereby made;

and which tract or parcel of land is hereinafter referred to as the ELLIS ESTATES: and

WHEREAS, the undersigned may sell the property above described and shown on said map of
the "ELLIS ESTATES" which they desire to subject to certain protective restrictions, conditions,
covenants, and reservations between them and the purchasers of said property, or parcels or lots
thereof, as hereinbefore set forth, pursuant to a general plan or scheme of improvement relating
to all of the land, parcels or lots shown on said map of the "ELLIS ESTATES":

NOW, THEREFORE, WILLIAM E. ELLIS and FLORENCE ELLIS, husband and wife, hereby declare
that all of the property hereinabove described as shown on said map of the "ELLIS ESTATES", is
held and shall be sold, conveyed, leased, occupied, hypothecated and held subject to the following
protective restrictions, conditions, covenants, and reservations between them and the purchasers
of said property and their heirs, successors, representatives, grantees and assigns:

1. LAND USE:	All of the above described plits shall be known and described as lots or

plots for residential estates. No structure shall be erected, constructed, altered, or maintained
on any of said plots other than one single-family dwelling of a permanent character, placed in a
permanent location, containing not more than one kitchen, and used by but one family.

Other Uses Permitted:	Accessory Buildings and uses incidental to each single family

dwelling when placed upon the same plot or parcel of land and not used or operated commercially,
including: private garage for the accommodation of not more than three (3) automobiles; stable or
shed for the housing of domestic animals; children's playhouse; lathhouse or greenhouse; tool
shed; work shop; servant's quarters, provided no kitchen or kitchen facilities are included therein.

Flower and vegetable gardens; orchards; the raising of tree crops, field crops, berry or
bush crops, for the purpose of propagation and culture; including wholesaling of the crops pro-
duced upon the premises, provided no signs, displays or stands are used in conjunction therewith.

Uses Not Permitted:	There shall never at any time be erected, permitted, maintained or

carried on upon any of said plots, or anywhere in said tract of land, any place for the manufacture
or sale of malt, vinous or spiritous liquors, any foundry, blacksmith shop, wholesale bakery
or manufactory of any kind, and undertaking establishment, crematory, hospital, sanitarium, asylum
or institution of like or kindred nature, any cattle yard, commercial dog kennels, animal hospital,
slaughter house, hog pen, any public garage or repair shop, any carpet beating plant, dyeing or
cleaning works, tannery or public laundry, now any noxious thing or noxious trade or noxious
business be kept, permitted or maintained upon said tract of land.

No trailer, basement, tent, shack, garage, barn, or other outbuilding erected in the
tract shall at any time be used as a residence temporarily or permanently, nor shall any structure
2

of a temporary character be used as a residence.

It is the intent and purpose of this covenant to prohibit the maintenance, operation
or carrying on of any trade, commercial or manufacturing enterprise of any kind, character
or description upon any of the plots shown on said map and to prohibit the doing of anything
which may be or become an annoyance or nuisance to the owners or residents upon other plots
in the said tract of land.

Building Site Area Required:	The minimum building site area shall be one lot or a	

parcel of land one (1) acre for each single-family dwelling.

Setback and Side Yard Required:	No building shall be located nearer to the front

line of any plot than fifty (50) feet, or nearer the side line of any plot than twenty (20)
feet.	The front line common to all plots shall be the street line of Charleston Boulevard

excepting when any parcel is or may be resubdivided the front line of such new parcel or plot
shall be Ellis Avenue as platted on said map.

The setback from any side street line or reserved strip or portion for street purpose
shall be Thirty (30) feet.

Fences and Hedges:	No wall, fence or hedge over three and one-half (3 1/2) feet in

height shall be erected or maintained on any plot or parcel or property line thereof, within
any required setback area. No wall, fence or hedge, greater than six (6) feet in height
shall be erected or maintained upon any plot or parcel or property line thereof without
written approval by the architectural committee.

Resubdivision of Plots or Parcels:	Parcels or plots as platted on the said recorded

map may not be resubdivided except to create a Northerly or southerly half of such existing
parcel or plot, excepting Parcel #1 may be resubdivided into four plots, but no parcel or	

plot may be created that at any time will be less than one (1) acre in area.

2. ARCHITECTURAL CONTROL:	No structure shall be erected, constructed, placed,

altered enlarged, occupied or used on any building plot in the tract until the building plans,
specifications, and plot plan showing the location of such building have been approved in writing
as to conformity and harmony of external design with existing structures in the tract, and as
to location of the building with respect to property and setback lines, topography and
finished ground elevation, by a committed composed of WILLIAM E. ELLIS, GEORGE ALBRIGHT,
and Guy Mathis, or by a representative designated by a majority of the members of said
committee. In the event of death or resignation of any member of said committee, the 

remaining member or members shall have full authority to approve or disapprove such design
and location, or to designate a representative with like authority. In the event said 

committee or its designated representative fails to approve or disapprove such design and
location within thirty days after said plans and specifications have been submitted to it	

or, in any event, if no suit to enjoin the erection of such building or the making of such
alteration has been commenced prior to the completion thereof, such approval will not be
required and this covenant will be deemed to have been fully complied with.

Neither the members of such committee, nor its designated representative shall be
entitled to any compensation for services rendered pursuant to this covenant. The powers and 

duties of such committee shall cease on and after January 1, 1954. Thereafter the approval
described in this covenant shall not be required unless prior to said date and effective
thereon, a written instrument shall be executed by the then recorded owners of a majority
of the plots above described and duly recorded appointing a representative, or representatives,
who shall thereafter exercise the same powers previously exercised by said committee.
3

Limitation of Minimum Cost and Minimum Area:	No dwelling costing less than Five Thousand

($5000.00) Dollars shall be permitted on any residential plot. The ground floor area of the main
structure, exclusive of one-story open porches and garages, shall be not less than twelve hundred
(1200) square feet.

Building Height Limit:	The maximum building height shall be two and one-half (2 1/2) stories

	or thirty-five (35) feet for any dwelling structure.

Accessory or out-buildings incidental to each dwelling shall not be more than one story
in height.

3. LIMITATION OF USE AND OCCUPANCY:	No portion of said tract of land and no interest in

any of said tract shall be conveyed, transferred, leased or demised to, occupied by, or held by
	any person unless he be of the Caucasian or white race. Neither said tract of land nor any part

thereof nor any of the plots shown on said map shall be used in any manner whatsoever or occupied
by any negro, Chinese, Japanese, hindu, armenian, asiatic or native of the turkish empire, or any
descendants thereof.

The covenants in this paragraph numbered 3 shall	not prevent the employment of a person

not of	the Caucasian race by a	resident upon any of said	plots as a servant or employee of such

resident.

4.	SEWAGE DISPOSAL:	All sewage disposal shall	be by means of connection to the Las Vegas

City	sanitary sewer system, or	if such sanitary sewer is	not existant or available for use at the

time any dwelling is constructed, by a sewage disposal system or individual septic tank for each
separate dwelling within the tract. The type, construction, and location on respective plots

of any such septic tank and the disposal field in connection therewith shall prior to construction
	of such tank, be approved in writing by the appropriate health authorities of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada. No cesspools or outside toilets or privy shall be constructed, maintained or
permitted on any of said plots or parcels in said tract.

5.	UTILITIES EASEMENTS:	There are hereby reserved, created, imposed and retained, certain

easements, servitudes and rights of way over, along, upon and under the plots in this tract, for
the erection, construction and maintenance of (A) poles, wires, and conduits for transmission of
electricity for light, telephone and other purposes and for the necessary attachments in connection
therewith; (B) Public and private sewers, public and private septic tanks, storm water drains,
land drains and pipes, water and gas mains and pipes; and (C) any other method of conducting and
performing any public or quasi-public utility or function over or beneath the surface of the ground.

The right to use, enjoyment, supervision, direction, control and maintenance of said ease-
ments for the purposes aforesaid is hereby reserved and vested in the undersigned, their grantees,
successors and assigns, who shall have the right of ingress and egress thereto and therefrom, and
	the right, privilege and easement of using the lands charged with said easements for the purposes

aforesaid, and of doing whatever may be necessary or in their judgment convenient for the carrying
out of any of the purposes for which said easements are reserved, with the right to remove trees or
overhanging branches of trees thereon, and the right to construct, install and maintain all things
	contemplated or reasonably included within the purposes hereinbefore specified, with the power to

grant to or delegate to any public or municipal or other corporation or individual, the right
to exercise said rights, or to erect, construct or maintain any thereof.

The owner or owners of plots upon which said easements are located are hereby given the
right to use, at their own risk, that portion of the easements within the limits of their plots for
garden purposes, but not for the placing or construction of any portion of said easements or
improvements of a permanent character or any that may interfere with the use or maintenance of
4

the utilities for which said easements are designed.

The right is hereby reserved by the undersigned, their grantees, successors and assigns
to rescind any right or privilege granted to any public service corporation to use said ease-
ments in the event of a failure to supply any one insaid "Ellis Estates with gas or electric
service or telephone service; and if it should be found necessary or impracticable to use
said easement or easements for the purpose for which they are reserved, the undersigned,
their grantees, successors or assigns reserve the right to cause the same to be expunged from
said plat or map by the execution and recording of such an instrument as may be necessary.

5.	(A) STREET IMPROVEMENTS:	Ellis Avenue and Desert Lane, as shown on the approved

Plat of said Ellis Estate on file at the office of the Clark County Recorder, shall, when
curb and gutter and street improvements are made, be improved at the expense of the owners whose 
land abuts and/or is immediately adjacent to said streets, and said streets, curbs and gutters,
when installed, shall be installed subject to the approval of the governing Board of the City
of Las Vegas and should said improvements fail to be installed by said owners as provided herein,
then the City of Las Vegas may install said improvements and the cost thereof shall become
a lien against the owners whose land abuts and/or is immediately adjacent to said improvements.

5.	(B) FIRE PROTECTION:	Fire hydrants of the steamer type supplied by a 4-inch

waterline shall be installed throughout the tract at the expense of owners, in such manner
that no dwelling unit in said tract will be more than 300 feet distant from a fire hydrant;
the said fire hydrants shall be installed ready for use upon completion of said dwelling
units; and should the affected property owners fail to provide and install such fire hydrants
at their own expense by the time said dwelling units, or any of them, are completed and ready
for occupancy, then and in that event the City of Las Vegas, may install the necessary fire
hydrants in accordance with the herein requirements, and the cost thereof shall be come
a lien against the property served in proportion to the service provided.

6.	DURATION OF COVENANTS:	These covenants are to run with the land and shall be

binding on the parties hereto and all the parties and persons claiming under them until January
1, 1969, at which time said covenants shall be automatically extended for successive periods of
ten (10) years, unless by vote of the majority of the then owners of the plots it is agreed

to change the said covenants in whole or in part.

7. VIOLATION OF COVENANTS: If the parties hereto, or any of them, or their heirs or
assigns shall violate or attempt to violate any of the covenants herein, it shall be lawful
for any other person or persons owning any real property situated in the above described
"Ellis Estates" to prosecute any proceedings at law or in equity against the person or

persons violating or attempting to violate any such covenant and either to prevent him or them 

from so doing or to recover damages or other dues for such violations. Any violation shall
not invalidate the lien of any mortgage or deed of trust made in good faith and for value.

8. INVALIDATION OF COVENANTS: Invalidation of any one of these covenants by judgment
or court order shall in no wise affect any of the other provisions which shall remain in full
force and effect.	

9. ASSIGNMENT OF POWERS: Any and all of the rights and/or powers of the undersigned
herein contained as to any of the said property, may be delegated, transferred, assigned or
conveyed to any person, corporation or association, and wherever the undersigned are herein
referred to, such reference shall be deemed to include their successors in interest as owners
of the reversionary rights herein provided for.

10. EXISTING NON-CONFORMING BUILDINGS:	Any dwelling, building or structure existing

at the time this Declaration is duly executed and recorded that does not conform to the
use or Architectural requirements as set forth in Sections One (1) and Two (2) hereof shall be
5

removed, demolished, reconstructed, altered or replaced with a structure or structures that
comply and conform in all respects with the Use and Architectural requirements of these cove-
nants hereinabove recited. Any opinion, decision, order or demand relative to existing non-
conforming structures or conversion of the same to conforming status will be subject to review,
consideration, approval or disapproval of the Architectural Committee.
	This sub-section is especially designed to provide for the control of Parcels No. 1,

4 and 5 and the building and structures existing thereon at the time of recording of this
instrument and shall be a covenant binding in all respect except that enforcement to oomply
or proceedings for violation will not be initiated until such time as the Governmental restriction
on building and/or building materials due to the present armed conflict are abolished or relaxed
	permitting the construction of buildings or structures that are conforming or for a reasonable

period of time thereafter as may be determined by the architectural committee created by this
Declaration.

Executed at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 29th day of February, 1944.

Wm. E. Ellis____________________

Florence Ellis

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS

COUNTY OF CLARK )

On this 29th day of February, 1944, personally appeared before me, a Notary Public, in
and for said County and State, WILLIAM E. ELLIS and FLORENCE ELLIS, known to me to be the persons
described in and who executed the foregoing instrument, who acknowledged to me that they executed
the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

	Thomas A. Campbell

My Commission Expires Oct. 24, 1945	Notary Public

	(SEAL)
WAR DEPARTMENT

OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF ENGINEERS
CONSTRUCTION DIVISION
REAL ESTATE BRANCH

RELEASE

(individuals)

WHEREAS, on the 1st day of July	1942 CITY OF LAS VEGAS (Lessor). of the City

of Las Vegas, County of Clark, and State of Nevada, did lease, demise, and let unto the United
States of America certain premises situated in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark and State
of Nevada and more particularly described as follows:

One (1) room approximately ten feet by ten feet with adjoining lavatory
room approximately five feet by ten feet in the Las Vegas Police Department
Building, 120 North Second Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, with outside entrance
in Police Department driveway. Approximate area 150 square feet.

WHEREAS, the termination of said lease is in the interest of the United States and the
Lessor is willing and hereby consents to such termination and,

WHEREAS, possession of said property has been redelivered by the United States of
America to the lessor, on the 2nd day of December, 1943

NOW, THEREFORE, KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that I, CITY OF LAS VEGAS for and in
consideration of the termination of said lease and the redelivery to me of possession by the
United States of America of the property hereinbefore described, on the 2nd day of December,
1943, the receipt of which in good condition is hereby acknowledged, remised, released, and
forever discharged, and by these presents do for myself, my heirs, executors, administrators,
and assigns, remise, release, and forever discharge the United States of America, its officers
and agents, of and from all manner of actions, liability, and claims which against the United
States of America, its officers and agents, I or they ever had, now have, or ever will have
upon, or by reason of any matter, cause, or thing whatsoever, particularly arising out of said
lease and the occupation by the United States of America of the aforementioned property, except-
ing rent due or accrued.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and seal this 22nd day of May, 1944.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS_________ Releasor.

BY:	(Signed) E. W. Cragin

Witness:	BY:	(Signed) Helen Scott Reed

CITY CLERK

(Signed) Harold A. Laird	(SEAL)

--------0------

Application No. 10182	Certificate Record No. 2777 Book 9 Page 2777

THE STATE OF NEVADA * CERTIFICATE OF APPROPRIATION OF WATER

WHEREAS, Harlan Brown, City Engineer, has presented to the State Engineer of the
State of Nevada Proof of Application of Water to Beneficial Use, from An underground source
(Las Vegas Artesian Basin) through well and pipelines for Municipal purposes. The point of
diversion of water from the source is as follows: in the NE 1/4 NW 1/4 of Section 30, Township 20 S.,
Range 61 E., M.D.B. & M., or at a point from which the N.W. Corner of said Section 30 bears N
79° 20' W., 2, 136.8 feet, situated in Clark County, State of Nevada.

NOW KNOW YE, That the State Engineer, under the provisions of Section 72, Chapter
46, Statutes of 1937 has determined the date, source, purpose and amount of such appropriation,
together with the place to which such water is appurtenant, as follows:

Name of appropriator City of Las Vegas

Post Office address Las Vegas, Nevada

Amount of appropriation 0.60 c.f.s.

Period of use, from January 1st to December 31st of each year

Date of priority of appropriation October 29, 1937

Description of lands to which the water is appurtenant:- 40.00 acres in the NW 1/4 NE 1/4 of Section
30, Township 20 S., Range 61 E., M.D.B.&M. 20.00 acres in the E 1/2 NE 1/4 NW 1/4 of Section 30, Township
2OS., Range 61 E., M.D.B.&M. 60.00 acres total.

The right to water hereby determined is limited to the amount which can be benefi-
cially used, not to exceed the amount above specified, and the use is restricted to the place
where acquired and to the purpose for which acquired.

In Testimony Whereof, I Alfred Merritt Smith, State Engineer
of Nevada, have hereunto set my hand and the seal of my office,
this 6th day of March, A.D. 1944.

Alfred Merritt Smith

(Seal)	State Engineer

Compared RMA-NN
No. 178361

Recorded at Request of
Alfred Merritt Smith
Mar 9 - 1944
at 40 min past 1 P.M.
in Book 2 Page 26 of
Water Approp.

Clark County, Nevada, Records
David Farnsworth, Recorder
LMN Deputy

Fee $1.00 Compared MBVW

PERMIT TO SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER COMPANY

PERMISSION IS HEREBY GRANTED To Southern Nevada Power Co., a corporation
of the State of Nevada, and to its successors and assigns, to construct, maintain,
and operate a system for the generation, transmission and distribution of electric
energy, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and to install, erect, lay
down and maintain, in, through, over, across, under and along all or any of the
streets, alleys or public highways and grounds of the City of Las Vegas, including
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, the original Townsite of Las Vegas, and all additions,
subdivisions and tracts now existing as a part of said city, and all additions,
tracts and subdivisions, which may hereafter be added to said City of Las Vegas
during the life of this permit, poles and pole lines and underground conduits, and
all necessary wires, cables and appliances used in connection therewith, or appurtenant
thereto, for the purpose of carrying on the business of furnishing to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas and serving them with electric light, heat and power.

Section 1. For the purposes aforesaid the said Permittee, its successors
and assigns shall have the right to make the necessary excavations in said streets,
alleys and public grounds for the purpose of erecting and anchoring their said poles
and pole lines and for the purpose of laying any such underground conduits provided,
however:

(a)	That said poles shall be so placed and the wires upon them be kept at
such an elevation, and so attached and secured at such elevation, as to avoid danger
to persons and adjacent property, and the use of such streets and alleys for other
local purposes.

(b) That the points for the location of said poles shall, before commencement 

of any new construction, be approved by the Board of City Commissioners of said
City. Should the Permittee take over the poles or pole lines of an existing power
company, it will at its own expense remove all poles not used by it for a continuous
period of three months, upon demand of the Commissioner of streets and public property.

(c) Said poles shall not be set so as to interfere with the construction or
placing of any water pipes, drains, sewers or the flow of water therein, that has been
or may be placed by authority of said City, and in case of building to grade or change
on any street or alley wherein such poles or conduits may have been erected, laid or
placed, then said permittee, its successors and assigns shall change such poles and con-
duits and reset or replace the same under the direction of the commissioner of streets
and public property or subject to his approval.

(d)	Said City at all times during the existence of the privileges hereby
granted have free use of said poles upon which to place the wires for its fire alarm
connections, without charge or toll therefor by the said permittee.

(e)	That all wires and cables arrived in underground conduits shall be
properly installed and insulated so as to avoid danger to persons and adjacent property,
and the use of such streets and alleys for other local purpose, and said underground
conduits shall not be set or placed so as to interfere with the construction or placing
of any water pipes, gas pipes, drains or sewers or the flow of water therein that has
been or may be placed by authority of said City.

(f)	In all cases, after making any excavations in the streets, alleys, or
public grounds, the said permittee, its successors and assigns, shall promptly restore
such street, alley or public ground to its former condition.

(g)	Said permittee, its successors and assigns shall fully observe all of
the ordinances and regulations of said City of Las Vegas now in existence or which may
hereafter be adopted, relative to the making of excavations or the erection of poles or
pole lines or construction and maintenance of conduits in such streets, alleys, or public
grounds, or the use of power lines or the inspection thereof.

(h) Said permittee, its successors and assigns, shall, at all times, hold the
City of Las Vegas free and harmless from any and all liabilities, damages costs, attorneys'
fees and expenses incurred bv reason of damage to person or property, caused by such
excavations or erections made in any such street, alley or public grounds, or an-y other
cause growing out of the use by said permittee of said streets, alleys or public grounds
under this permit.

Section 2. This permit is granted upon the following conditions:

(a) That the municipal authorities shall have the power to make all necessary
rulings and regulations governing the erection of poles and pole lines, and the laying
and maintaining all such underground conduits and governing the stringing or carrying of
wires and cables thereon or therein and the inspection thereof, and shall have the power
to change the rulings and regulations from time to time as in their judgment may seem just
and proper.
8

(b)	The municipal authorities shall also have the right to direct
the change in location, at any time, of such poles or pole lines and under-
ground conduits, and to establish and change the grades or said streets, al-
leys and public grounds.

(c)	Said permittee, its successors and assigns shall, at all times
keep said poles, pole lines and underground conduits, and the wires, cables
and other appliances and appurtenances thereto, thereon or therein, in proper
condition and repair, so that the same shall not damage or unnecessarily ob-
struct the use of said streets, alleys or public grounds for travel or for
public uses.

(d)	Said permitee, its successors and assigns shall strictly comply
with all regulations and orders now in effect or hereinafter promulgated by the
City authorities of the City of Las Vegas, or by the Public Service Commission

of the State of Nevada, which in any wise relate to light, heat and power service
and the inspection thereof or to the erection, installing and maintenance of poles
and pole lines, underground conduits, wires or cables used in the operation of
power systems.

Section 3. A violation of any of the provisions of this permit shall
be grounds for and entitle said City to revoke and annul this permit in whole or
in part or said City may pursue such other remedy of course as the law permits.

Said City hereby reserves all rights incident to the grantor of a municipal permit, 

and this permit is granted subject to the supervisory regulation and control
by the Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada of the business of furnishing 

light, heat, and power to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas by said
grantee, its successors and assigns.

Section 4. This permit shall not be construed to authorize the permittee, 

its successors and assigns, to use or to acquire any right in, any of the
streets, alleys or public grounds of the City of Las Vegas inconsistent with the
future legitimate uses of such streets, alleys or public ground by said City of
Las Vegas, nor shall the grant hereby made operate in itself nor by lapse of
time or by the expenditure of moneys be permittee, its successors and assigns,
as in estoppel against said City of Las Vegas in any respect whatsoever, nor shall
this permit be construed as a grant of any right or privilege adverse to the
rights of any abutting owner or owners of property along any of the streets, alleys,
or public grounds where said poles, pole lines, underground conducts, wires, cables,
appliances, or appurtenances may be placed or maintained by said permittee, its
successors and assigns, nor to establish any rights in the permittee, its successors
and assigns, contrary to or inconsistent with the right of the original dedicators,
of said streets, alleys or public grounds, or their assigns.

Section 5. In case the said permittee, its successors or assigns, 

discontinue, refuses or neglects to carry on the operation of a system for the furnishing
of light, heat and power at any time for and during the term of six months at any
one time during the life of this permit, then this permit shall be null and void,
and the City Commissioners may order the removal of the poles, pole lines, underground 

conduits, wires, cables, appliances and appurtenances so installed, erected,
laid down or placed by said permittee, its successors or assigns, in, through, over,
across, under and along the public streets, alleys, or public grounds of said City
of Las Vegas, and may declare the same a public nuisance, provided, however that
before this permit shall become null and void or any action taken as in this 

paragraph provided, the Board of City Commissioners shall first give to said grantee,
or its successors or assigns thirty days notice in writing to resume its operations,
and of its intention to terminate this permit in case such operations are not resumed
within the period specified in such notice.

Section 6. Within six months after date of this permit, the permittee, its
successors or assigns shall file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas, a plat showing the location and position of each pole, pole line, and 

underground conduit, and showing the location and position of any proposed poles, pole
lines, or underground conduits, erected and laid down or to be erected and laid down
under the authority hereby granted.

Section 7. The privileges hereby granted to said permittee , its successors
and assigns for a period of fifty years from and after the date hereof, provided said
permittee shall not be entitled to assign this permit or any rights hereunder without
the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said City first had and obtained in
writing.

This permit shall become effective upon the acceptance of the same in writing by the
permittee within thirty days from the date of its passage, but in default of such
acceptance the same shall be of no effect.	

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, on the second day
of May, 1929.

Executed in pursuance of the order of said Board of City Commissioners by the Mayor
pro Tem and City Clerk and the water, sewer and light commissioner, thereunto duly
authorized, this second day of May, 1929.

Executed in duplicate.

BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

By: _______Wm. B. Mundy

 Mayor Pro Tem/

Attest:	Wm. L. Scott

Clerk

By:	W. C. German________________

its Water, Sewer and Light
Commissioner.

The foregoing permit accepted this third day of May, 1929.

SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER COMPANY

SEAL...... Attest:	C. F. Wengert, Secretary	By Leo A. McNamee
9

HAWKINS ADDITION * * * PERMIT

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
on the seventh day of December, 1921 granted a Permit to install, lay and maintain
water pipe lines and water mains and connections and latterals thereto, end all nec-
essary and proper appliances used in connection therewith or appurtenant thereto in,
through, over, across, under or along certain streets and alleys of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada for the purpose of supplying the inhabitants of Hawkins
Addition to the City of Las Vegas with water, to W. E. Hawkins, which said permit
was with the permission of said Board assigned by said W. E. Hawkins to Hawkins Land
& Water Company, a corporation, and

WHEREAS, said permit provided that the permittee shall not be entitled to
assign said permit or any rights thereunder without the consent of the Board of City
Commissioners of said City, first had and obtained in writing, except that permission
is thereby granted to said permittee to assign said permit to Hawkins Land & Water
Company, a Nevada corporation, it being further provided that in the event of such
assignment the said provision against assignment without written consent shall thereafter 

apply to said corporation, Hawkins Land & Water Company, and

WHEREAS, said Hawkins Land & Water Company has requested this Board for
permission and consent to assign said permit to Las Vegas Land and Water Company,
and

WHEREAS, the said Board of City Commissioners on the seventh day of October
1926 granted a permit to Hawkins Land & Water Company to install, lay and maintain
water pipe lines and water mains and connections and latterals thereto, and all necessary 

and proper alliances used in connection therewith or appurtenances thereto in,
through, over, across, under or along certain streets and alleys in the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of supplying the inhabitants of South
Addition to the City of Las Vegas with water and,

WHEREAS, said permit provides that said permittee shall not be entitled to
assign said permit or any light thereunder without the consent of the Board of City
Commissioners of said City, first had and obtained in writing, and,

WHEREAS, said Hawkins Land & Water Company has petitioned the Board for
its consent and permission to assign said permits to Las Vegas Land and Water Company,
and,

WHEREAS, it appears that it will be for the best interest of said City to
grant said consent and permission,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED: THAT permission is hereby granted to Hawkins
Land and Water Company, a corporation of the State of Nevada, to assign to Las Vegas
Land and Water Company, a corporation of the State of Nevada, the permits hereinabove
described, and heretofore granted subject, however, to all of the terms and conditions
of said permits respectively and provided, however, that this permission and consent
shall not be a waiver of the provisions in said permits against assignment without
written consent, and in the event of such assignments the provisions contained in said
permits against assignment without written consent shall thereafter supply to said Las
Vegas Land and Water Company, a corporation, and be it further

RESOLVED:	That a formal consent of the Board of Commissioners of the City

of Las Vegas, Nevada, be executed by the Mayor and attested by the City Clerk under
the seal of said City, and delivered to Las Vegas Land and Water Company.

Pursuant to the foregoing preamble and resolutions permission and consent
are hereby granted to Hawkins Land &. Water Company, a corporation, to assign to Las
Vegas Land and Water Company those certain permits described in the preamble and
resolutions hereinabove set forth, subject, however, to all of the terms and conditions
therein contained respectively; provided, however, that this consent and permission are
granted without waiver of the provisions contained in said permits against assignment
without writen consent, and in the event of such assignment the provisions made in said
permits against assignment without written consent, shall thereafter apply to said Las
Vegas land and Water Company.

Executed in pursuance of the resolutions of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, adopted at a meeting of said Board held on the twenty-second
day of June, 1928, by the Mayor and City Clerk duly authorized this 22nd dav of June,

1928.

BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

BV:	J. F. Hesse

Mayor

ATTEST:	Wm. L. Scott

City Clerk

seal -
PERMIT TO PUBLIC UTILITIES CONSOLIDATED CORPORATION

A Non-exclusive Permission for a period of Twenty-Five (25) years is hereby
given and granted to PUBLIC UTILITIES CONSOLIDATED CORPORATION, an Arizona Corporation,
domesticated under the laws of the State of Nevada, its successors and assigns, to con-
struct, install, operate, maintain, repair and manage Long Distance Telephone lines in,
under, through, over, along and across the streets, alleys, avenues and public places
of the City of Las Vegas, in Clark County, State of Nevada.

That for the purpose of maintaining said Long Distance Telephone lines and 

extending the same from time to time as necessity may require, the said permittee is, and
its successors and assigns are, hereby given and granted a right of way over, under,
through, along and across the said streets, alleys, avenues and public places in said
City of Las VegAs, with the right to make the necessary excavations in the said streets,
alleys, avenues and public places in order to place their poles, wires, conduits and
appurtenances therein and thereon and to make all necessary repairs to said Long Distance
Telephone Lines or any part thereof.

In consideration of the grant of the permission, right and privilege hereby
granted, the said permittee, its successors and assigns, agree:

(A)	That all	poles used for the purpose of	said Long Distance Telephone lines

shall not	be	less than	Thirty (30) feet in height and	the wires strung thereon shall

not be less than Twenty-two (22)nfeet above the ground, and that said lines shall be
installed with good material and in a workmanlike manner and at all times kept in good
repair, and generally the construction shall be in accordance with good engineering
practice and particularly In accordance with the rules and regulations now or hereafter
prescribed by the Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada, the said City of Las
Vegas, and other constituted authorities, and in accordance with the regulations of the
United States Bureau of Standards.

(B)	To make, at its own expense, any openings in lines necessary at any time
to permit the moving of houses along the public streets or alleys.

(C)	To fully	observe all of the ordinances	of said City of Las Vegas, now in

existence,	or	which may	be hereafter adopted relative	to the making of excavations in

such streets, alleys, avenues and public places.

(D)	To move at its own expense any pole or poles, conduits, or other appurtenance
that it may be reasonably necessary to move to best serve the interests of the public, when
ordered to do so by said City.

(E) That said City of Las Vegas shall be saved harmless, and shall not be held
liable for any damage to persons or property caused in any manner by said Long Distance
Telephone lines except as hereinafter provided.

As further conditions upon which this permit is granted, it is provided:

1. That the municipal authorities shall have the power to make all necessary
and reasonable rules and regulations for the construction, maintenance, and operation of
all such poles, wires, conduits, and appurtenances, and shall have the power to change
the rules and regulations from tine to time when reasonably necessary. Before beginning
the construction of any line within said City the Permittee shall first submit to the Board
of City Commissioners a plat of the proposed route, how the location and position of the
proposed line or lines in or on the streets, alleys and public places where the same is or
are intended to be constructed, and maintained for the approval of said Board, or such officer
authorized by law to make such approval.

A violation of any of the provisions of this permit shall be ground for andentitle
said City to revoke this permit in whole or in part, or said City may pursue such other
remedy or course as the law permits. The City hereby reserves the rights incident to the
grantor of a permit.

This permit shall not be construed to authorize the permittee, its successors or
assigns, to use or to acquire any rights in any of the streets, alleys, avenues or public
places of said City inconsistent with the future legitimate uses of such streets, alleys,
avenues or public places of the City of Las Vegas, nor shall the grant hereby made operate
in itself nor by lapse of time or by the expenditure of moneys by permittee as an estoppel
against said City of Las Vegas in any respect whatsoever. Nor shall this permit be construed
as a grant of any right or privilege adverse to the rights of any abutting owner or owners
of property along any of the streets, alleys, avenues or public places where said poles, wires,
conduits or appurtenances may be placed or maintained by said permittee, nor to establish
any rights in the permittee contrary to or inconsistent with the right of the original
dedicators of said streets, alleys, avenues or public places, or their assigns.

Permittee shall not be entitled to assign this permit or any rights hereunder
without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said City first had and obtained
in writing or by resolution of said Board of City Commissioners.

This permit shall become effective upon the acceptance of the same in writing
by the permittee within Thirty (30) days from the date of its passage, but in default of
such acceptance, the same shall be of no effect.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the 30th
day of January A.D., 1929.

Executed in pursuance of the order of said Board of City Commissioners by the
Mayor, City Clerk end Water Works, Sewerage and Light Commissioner, thereunto duly
authorized, this 30th day of January, A.D., 1929. Executed in triplicate.

BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

ATTEST:	Wm. L. Scott__________

City Clerk	BY:	J. F. Hesse_________

Its Mayor

The foregoing permit accepted this 30th

day of January A.D., 1929.	By:	M. C. German_________

PUBLIC UTILITIES CONSOLIDATED CORP.	Its Water Works, Sewerage,

	Light Commissioners.

BY:	ALBERT S. HALL, Its Authorized Agent.
11

PERMIT TO SOUTH NEVADA LAND AND DEVELOPMENT COMPANY

PERMISSION IS HEREBY GIVEN and granted to SOUTH NEVADA LAND AND DEVELOPMENT
COMPANY, A Nevada Corporation, to install, lay and maintain water pipe lines and
water mains and connections and laterals thereto, and all necessary and proper
appliances used in connection therewith, or appurtenant thereto, in, through, over,
across, under or along the following described streets and alleys of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of supplying the inhabitants of
Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas with water, viz:

Beginning at the northerly end of the alley in Block twelve (12) of Wardie ad-
dition to the City of Las Vegas; running easterly along the southerly line of Garces
Street in said Wardie addition to the northerly end of the alley in Block number
twenty-two (22) in said Wardie addition, crossing Eighth, Ninth and Tenth streets
respectively; thence northerly at a right angle across Garces Street and running
northerly along the alley in Block number twenty-three (23) of said Wardie addition
to the northerly end of said alley.

Also beginning at the northerly end of the alley in Block number twenty-two
(22) in said Wardie addition at a point connecting with the line first hereinabove
describee, and running thence southerly at a right angle across a portion of Garces
Street in said Wardie Addition through the alley in said Block number twenty-two
(22) to the southerly end thereof.

Also beginning at the northerly line of Fifth Street at the junction of Fifth
and Clark Streets in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite; thence easterly along the northerly
side of said Clark Street to a point opposite the northerly end of the alley in
Block nineteen (19) of said Wardie Addition, crossing Fifth Street in Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite, and Sixth Street, Seventh Street, Eighth Street and Ninth Street
respectively in said Wardie Addition; thence southerly at a right angle across Clark
Street in said Wardie Addition along the alley in Blocks numbers nineteen (19), twenty
(20) and twenty-one (21) in said Wardie Addition to the southerly end of the alley in
said Block twenty-one (21), crossing Bonneville and Garces Streets respectively.

Also beginning at the northerly end of the alley in Block eighteen (18) of said
Wardie Addition and running thence southerly along the alley in Blocks eighteen (18)
seventeen, (17), sixteen (16), fifteen (15), fourteen (14), and thirteen 13), crossing
Lewis, Clark, Bonneville, Garces and Gass streets respectively in said Wardie Addition;

Also beginning at the northerly end of the alley in Block twelve (12) of said
Wardie Addition to connect with the line first hereinabove described, and running
northerly at a right angle across Garces Street in said Wardie Addition, along the
alley in Blocks eleven (11) and ten (10), crossing Bonneville Street in said Wardie
Addition, and thence across Clark Street in said Wardie Addition to connect with the
line hereinabove described running along the northerly side of Clark Street in said
Wardie Addition.

The Permittee to lay a six inch water main along the line first hereinabove described,
namely, from the northerly end of the alley in Block twelve (12) of Wardie Addition to
the northerly end of the alley in Block number twenty-three (23); also, a six inch water
main from the point beginning at the northerly line of Fifth Street at the junction of
Fifth and Clark Streets in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite to the point opposite the northerly
end of the alley in Block number nineteen (19) of said Wardie Addition, hereinabove
described; and that all of the rest of said water mains shall be four inches.

For said purposes the said Permittee shall have the right to make the necessary
excavations in said streets, avenues and alleys; provided, said Permittee shall:

(a)	In all cases, after making any excavation in the streets, avenues or alleys,
promptly restore such street, avenue or alley to its former condition.

(b)	Fully observe all of the ordinances of said City of Las Vegas, now in existence,
or which may hereafter be adopted relative to the making of excavations in such streets,
avenues or alleys.

(c)	At all times hold the City of Las Vegas harmless from any and all liability
for damages to persons or property caused by such excavations made in the streets,
avenues or alleys within the territory to which this permit extends.

As further conditions upon which this permit is granted it is provided:

1.	That the municipal authorities shall further have the power to make all necessary
and reasonable rules and regulations for the laying and maintaining of all water pipe

and apparatus, and shall have power to change the rules and regulations from time to
time as in their judgment may seem just and proper.

2.	The municipal authorities shall also have the right to direct the change in
location at any time of such pipe lines, water mains, laterals and appliances when
reasonable necessity requires, and to establish and change the grades of said streets,
avenues and alleys.

3.	Said Permittee shall at all times keep said pipes, mains, laterals, and
appliances in proper condition and repair, so that the same shall not damage or obstruct
the use of said streets, avenues or alleys for travel or for public uses by reason of
leakages or otherwise.

4. The said Permittee will install and maintain at its own expense for each block
one fire plug, of such design as shall be designated by the Chief of the Fire Department
of the City of Las Vegas at such points as the Board of City Commissioners may from time
to time designate. No charge shall be made to the City of Las Vegas for water used from
fire plugs for fire extinguishment and prevention and other reasonable public purposes.
12

A violation of any of the provisions of this Permit shall be ground for
and entitle said City to revoke this Permit in whole or in part, or said City
may pursue such other remedy or course as the law permits. Said City hereby
reserves all rights incident to the grantor of a permit.

This Permit shall not be construed to authorize the permittee to use, or
to acquire any tights in any of the streets, avenues or alleys of said Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite or said Wardie Addition inconsistent with the future legi-
timate uses of such streets, avenues or alleys by said City of Las Vegas, nor
shall the grant hereby made operate in itself nor by lapse of time or by the
expenditure of moneys by Permittee as an estoppel against said City of Las Vegas
in any respect whatsoever. Nor shall this Permit be construed as a grant of
any right or privileges adverse to the rights of any abutting owner or owners
of property along any of the streets, avenues or alleys where said pipes, mains,
laterals or appliances may be placed or maintained by said Permittee, nor to
establish any rights in the Permittee contrary to or inconsistent with the
rights of the original dedicators of said streets, avenues, and alleys or
their assigns.

Permittee shall not be entitled to assign this permit or any rights here-
under without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said City first
had and obtained in writing.

This permit shall become effective upon the acceptance of the same in
writing by the Permittee within forty days from the date of its passage, but
in default of such acceptance the same shall be of no effect.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Law Vegas on the
20 day of August, 1929.

Executed in pursuance of the Order of said Board of City Commissioners
by the Water Works, Sewerage and Light Commissioner and City Clerk, thereunto
duly authorized this 20 day of August, 1929. Executed in duplicate.

Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada

By L. B. Hausell__________________

Its Water Works, Sewerage and Light
Commissioner

ATTEST:	VIOLA BURNS

city Clerk

seal

The foregoing permit accepted this 20th day of
August, 1929.

SOUTH NEVADA LAND AND DEVELOPMENT COMPANY

BY Halley Drue Buzille

Its Attorney in Fact and authorized

agent.

PERMIT TO GRAND VIEW WATER COMPANY. INC.

PERMISSION is hereby given and granted to Grand View Water Company, Inc., a
corporation, to install, lay and maintain water pipe lines and water mains and
connections and laterals thereto, and all necessary and proper appliances used in
connection therewith, or appurtenant thereto, in, through, over, across, under or
along the following described streets and alleys of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, for the purpose of supplying the inhabitants of Grandview Addition
to the City of Las Vegas with water, viz:

Commencing at the northerly end of the alley in Block 19 of Buck's Subdivision
to the City of Las Vegas, to-wit:	At the southerly side of Stewart Street between

9th and 10th streets:	thence, northerly across Stewart Street and continuing through

the alley in Block 9 of Fairview Tract to a point 3 ft. North of the South side line
of Lot 6 in Block 3 of said Grandview Addition; thence, easterly along a line parallel
with the said South line of said Lot 6 in Block 3 to the center line of the alley in
Block 3 of said Grandview Addition; thence North along the center line of said alley
in said Block 3, and continuing North along the alleys in Blocks 2 and 1 of said
Grandview Addition crossing Mesquite Avenue and Linden Avenue to a point 3 ft. South
of the Northerly end line of said Block; thence East along a line parallel with and
situated 3 ft. South of the Northerly end of Block 2, 6, and 7 in said Grandview
Addition crossing Clark Street, Lasalle Street and Hill Street to a point 8 ft. West
of the Westerly side line of Block 12 of said Grandview Addition; thence South along
a line parallel with and situate 8 ft. West of the West side line of Block 12, 11,
and 10 in said Grandview Addition crossing Linden Avenue and Mesquite Avenue to a

point 3 ft. North of the South end lines produced of Blocks 9 and 10 in said Grandview
addition;
13

thence, West along a line parallel with and situate 3 ft. North of the South
end line of Blocks, 9, 4 and 3 to the center of the alley in said Block 3 crossing
Hill, LaSalle and Clark Streets; also,

Commencing at the center of the alley of said Block 4 at a point 3 ft. North
of the South end line of said Block; thence North along the center of the alleys
in Blocks 4, 5 and 6 crossing Mesquite and Linden Avenue and, also,

Commencing at the center of the alley in said Block 9 at a point 3 ft. North
of the South end line of said Block 9; thence, North along the center of the
alley in Blocks 9, 8, 7 and crossing Mesquite and Linden Avenues.

The Permittee to lay a four inch water main throughout its whole system.

For said purposes the said Permittee shall have the right to make the necessary
excavations in said streets, avenues and alleys; providing, said Permittee shall:

(a)	In all cases, after making any excavation in the streets, avenues or alleye,
promptly restore such street, avenue or alley to its former condition,

(b)	Fully observe all of the ordinances of said City of Las Vegas, now in
existence, or which may hereafter be adopted relative to the making of excavations in
such streets, avenues or alleys.

(c)	At all times hold City of Las Vegas harmless from any and all liability for
damages to persons or property caused by such excavations made in the streets, avenues
or alleys within the territory to which this permit extends.

As further conditions upon which this permit is granted it is provided:

1.	That the Municipal authorities shall further have the power to make all ne-
cessary rules and regulations for the laying and maintaining of all water pipe and
apparatus, and shall have the power to change the rules and regulations from time

to time as in their judgment may seem just end proper.

2.	The municipal authorities shall also have the right to direct the change in
location at any time of such pipe lines, water mains, laterals, and appliances, and
to establish and change the grades of said streets, avenues and alleys.

3.	Said Permittee shall at all times keep said pipes, mains, laterals and
appliances in proper condition and repair, so that the same shall not damage or ob-
struct the use of said streets, avenues or alleys for travel or for public uses by
reason of leakage or otherwise.

4. Said Permittee will install and maintain at own expense for each block one
fire plub, of such design as shall be designated by the Chief of the Fire Department
of the City of Las Vegas, at such points as the Board of City Commissioners may From
time to time designate. No charge shall be charged to the City of Las Vegas for water
used from fire plugs for fire extinguishment and prevention and other reasonable public
purposes.

A violation of any of the provisions of this Permit shall be ground for and entitle
said City of Las Vegas to revoke this Permit in whole or in part, or said City may
pursue such other remedy or course as the law permits. Said City hereby reserves all
rights incident to the grantor of a permit.

This Permit shall not be construed to authorize the Permittee to use, or to
acquire any rights in any of the streets, avenues or alleys of said City of Las Vegas
inconsistent with the future legitimate uses of such streets, avenues or alleys by
said City of Las Vegas, nor shall the grant hereby made operate in itself nor by
lapse of time or by the expenditure of moneys by permittee as an estoppel against
said City of Las Vegas in any respect whatsoever, nor shall this Permit be construed
as a grant of any right or privilege adverse to the rights of any abutting owner or
owners of property along any of the streets, avenues or alleys where said pipes, mains
laterals or appliances may be placed or maintained by said Permittee, nor to establish
any rights in the Permittee contrary to or inconsistent with the right of the original
dedicators of said streets, avenues and alleys, or their assigns.

Permittee shall not be entitled to assign this permit or any rights hereunder
without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said City first had and
obtained in writing.

This Permit shall become effective upon the acceptance of same in writing by
the Permittee within forty days from the date of its passage, but in default of
such acceptance the same shall be of no effect.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the 19th
day of July, 1929.

Executed in pursuance of the Order of said board of City Commissioners by the
Mayor, the City Clerk, and the water works, Sewerage and Light Commissioner, there-
unto duly authorized this 19 th day of July, 1929, executed in duplicate.

BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF TEE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

By:	J. F. HESSE

ITS MAYOR

BY:	L. B. HANSELL_______________

ITS WATER WORKS, SEWERAGE,

AND LIGHT COMMISSIONER.

ATTEST:	VIOLA BURNS_______

CITY CLERK

seal

The foregoing permit accepted this 31 day of July, 1929.

GRAND VIEW WATER COMPANY, INC.

Attest:	La Prile S. Wilden, Sec.	By Leo O. McManus____President
14

PERMIT TO MARLIN WATER COMPANY

PERMISSION is hereby given and granted to MARLIN WATER COMPANY A
corporation, to install, lay and maintain water pipe lines and water mains
and connections and laterals thereto, and all necessary and proper alliances
used in connection therewith, or appurtenant thereto,in, through, over
across, under or along the following described streets and alleys of the 

City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of supplying the
inhabitants of Boulder Dam Homesites Addition, Tracts 1, 2, 3 and 4 with
water, viz: -

Commencing at a point which is the intersection of center
line of a certain alley running through Blocks 2 and 6 of
the Fairview Survey and a line Twenty (20) feet southerly
and paralleling the center line of Ogden Street; thence,
southeasterly paralleling said center line of Ogden Street
to a point which is Twenty (20) feet northwesterly from
the center line of Fourteenth Street; thence northeasterly
and paralleling the center line of Fourteenth Street to a
point which is Twenty (20) feet south from the canter line
of Poplar Street; thence easterly paralleling the center
line of Poplar Street to a point which is Twenty (20) feet
east of the center line of Bruce Street, hereinafter called
Station "A"; thence northerly and paralleling the center
line of Bruce Street to the intersection of the center line
of the alley in Block 1, Boulder Dam Homesites Addition,

Tract No. 2 (hereinafter called Station No. 1); thence
continuing northerly and paralleling the center line of
said Bruce Street to the intersection of the center line
of the alley in Block 4 Boulder Dam Homesites Addition,

Tract No. 1 (hereinafter called Station No. 2); thence,
continuing northerly and paralleling the center line of
said Bruce Street to the intersection of the center line
of the alley in Block 3 of Boulder Dam Homesites Addition,

Tract No. 1 (hereinafter called Station No. 3); thence
continuing northerly and paralleling the center line of Bruce
Street to the intersection of the center line of the alley in
Block 2 of Boulder Dam Homesites Addition, Tract No. 1 (here-
inafter called Station No. 4); thence continuing northerly
and paralleling the center line of said Bruce Street to the
intersection of the center line of the alley inBlock No l of
Boulder Dam Homesites Addition, Tract No. 1,(hereinafter
called Station No. 5); also,

Beginning at Station "A" and running southerly and 

paralleling the center line of Bruce Street to the intersection
of the center line of the alley in Block 2 of Boulder Dan
Homesites Addition, Tract No. 2, (hereinafter called Station
No. 6); thence continuing southerly and paralleling the center
line of Bruce Street to the intersection of the center line
of the alley in Block 3, Boulder Dam Homesites Addition, Tract
2, (hereinafter called Station No. 7; thence southerly and 

paralleling the center line of Bruce Street to intersection of the
center of the alley in Block 4, Boulder Dam Homesites Addition.
Tract No. 2, (hereinafter called Station No. 9); also,

Beginning at Station No. 5; thence east along the center
line of the alleys in Blocks 1 and 7 and crossing all north
and south streets in Boulder Dam Homesites Addition, Tract
No. 1; also,

Beginning at Station No. 4, thence east along the center
line of the alleys in Blocks 2 and 6 and crossing all north
and south streets in Boulder Dam Homesite Addition Tract No.

1; also,

Beginning at Station No. 3, thence east along the center
line of the alleys in Blocks 3 and 5 of Boulder Dam Homesite
Addition, Tract No. 1 and crossing all north and south Streets
in Boulder Dam Homesite Addition Tract No. 1; also,

Beginning at Station No. 2, thence east along the center
line of the alleys in Block 4 of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition,
Tract No. 1 and crossing all north and south Streets in said
Tract No. 1; thence east along the center line of the alley
in Block 7 of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No. 2 and
crossing all north and south streets in said Tract No. 2; also,

Beginning at Station No. 1; thence east along the center
line of the alleys in Blocks 1 and 6 of Boulder Dam Homesite
Addition, Tract No. 2 and crossing all north and south streets
in said Tract No. 2; thence east along the center line of the
alley in Block 6 of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No. 3
and crossing all north and south streets in said Tract NO. 3;
thence east along the center line of the alley in Block 3 of
Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No. 4; also,

Beginning at Station NO. 6; thence east along the center
line of the alleys in Blocks 2 and 5 of Boulder Dam Homesite
Addition, Tract NO. 2 and crossing all of the north and south
streets in said Tract NO. 2; thence east along the center line

of the alley in Block 5 of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract
15

No. 3 and crossing all of the north and south streets in said
Tract No. 3; thence east along the center line of the alley in
Block 4 of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No. 4 and cros-
sing all north and south streets in said Tract No. 4; also,

Beginning at Station No. 7; thence east along the center
line of the alley in Block 3 of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition,

Tract No. 2 and crossing all north and south streets in said
Tract No. 2; thence east along the center line of the alleys
in Blocks 1 and 4 in Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No.

3 and crossing all of the north and south streets in said Tract
No. 3; thence east along the center of the alley in Block 5 of
Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No. 4 and crossing all
north and south streets in said Tract No. 4; also,

Beginning at Station No. 8; thence running east through
the center line of the alley in Block 4 of Boulder Dam Homesite
Addition, Tract No. 2 and crossing all north and south streets
in said Tract No. 2; thence east along the center line of the
alleys in Blocks 2 and 3 of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract
No. 3 and crossing all north and south streets in said Tract No.

3; thence east along the center line of the alley in Block 6
of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition Tract No. 4 and crossing all
north and south streets in said Tract No. 4; also,

Beginning at a point which is the intersection of the
center line of the alley running through Block 3 Boulder Dam
Homesite Addition, Tract No. 4 and a line Twenty (20) feet east
and running parallel to the center line of Norton Avenue; thence
running northerly and parallelling the center line of Norton
Avenue to the intersection with the center line of the alley
running through Block 2, Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract
No. 4, said point being (hereinafter known as Station 9); thence,
continuing northerly and paralleling the center line of Norton
Avenue to the intersection of the center line of the alley running
through Block 1 of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No. 4,
said point being (hereinafter known as Station 10); also,

Beginning at Station 9; thence running easterly along the
center line of the alley in Block 2, Boulder Dam Homesite Addition,

Tract No. 4 and crossing all north and south streets in said Tract
No. 4; also,

Beginning at Station 10; thence running easterly along the
center line of the alley in Block 1 of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition
Tract No. 4 and crossing all north and south streets in said Tract
No. 4.

The Permittee to lay a four inch water mains throughout its
whole system.

For said purposes the said Permittee shall have the right to
make the necessary excavations in said streets, avenues and alleys;
provided said Permittee shall;

(a)	In all cases, after making any excavation in the streets,
avenues or alleys, promptly restore such street, avenue or alley
to its former condition.

(b)	Fully observe all of the ordinances of said City of Las
Vegas, now in existence, or which may hereafter be adopted relative
to the making of excavations in such streets, avenues or alleys.

(c)	At all times hold City of Las Vegas harmless from any and
all liability for damages to persons or property caused by such
excavations made in the streets, avenues or alleys within the
territory to which this permit extends.

As further conditions upon which this permit is granted it is
provided:

1.	That the Municipal authorities shall further have the power
to make all necessary rules and regulations for the laying and
maintaining of all water pipe and apparatuses, and shall have the
power to change the rules and regulations from time to time as in
their judgment may seem just and proper.

2.	The municipal authorities shall also have the right to
direct the change in location at any time of such pipe lines, water
mains, laterals and appliances, and to establish and change the
grades of said streets, avenues and alleys.

3.	Said Permittee shall at all times keep said pipes, mains,
laterals and appliances in proper condition and repair, so that
the same shall not damage or obstruct the use of said streets,
avenues or alleys for travel or for public uses by reason of leakages
or otherwise.

4. Said Permittee will install and maintain a reasonable number
of fire plugs at such points as the Board of City Commissioners

may from time to time designate.
16

A violation of any of the provisions of this Permit shall be ground
for and entitle said City to revoke this Permit in whole or in part, or
said City may pursue such other remedy or course as the law permits.

Said City hereby reserves all rights incident to the grantor of a permit.

This Permit shall not be construed to authorize the Permittee to
use or to acquire any rights in any of the streets, avenues or alleys
of said Clark's Las Vegas Townsite or said South Addition inconsistent with
the future legitimate uses of such streets, avenues or alleys by said
City of Las Vegas, nor shall the grant hereby made operate in itself nor
by lapse of time or by the expenditure of moneys by Permittee as an
estoppel against said City of las Vegas in any respect whatsoever. Nor
shall this Permit be construed as a grant of any right or privilege ad-
verse to the rights of any abutting owner or owners of property along
any of the streets, avenues or alleys where said pipes, mains, laterals
or appliances may be placed or maintained by said Permittee, nor to
establish any rights in the Permittee contrary to or inconsistent with the
rights of the original dedicators of said Streets, avenues and alleys, or
their assigns.

Permittee shall not be entitled to assign this Permit or any rights
hereunder without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said
City first had and obtained in writing.

This Permit shall become effective upon the acceptance of same in
writing by the Permittee within forty days from the date of its passage,
but in default of such acceptance the same shall be of no effect.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
on the 29th day of March, 1929.

Executed in pursuance of the Order of said Board of City Commissioners
by the Mayor and City Clerk.

Thereunto duly authorized this 29 day of March, 1929. Executed in
duplicate.

Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

By:	J. F. Hesse

Its Mayor

seal

By:	W. C. German

Its Water Works, Sewerage, and
Light Commissioner.

Attest:

Wm. L. Scott
(City Clerk

The foregoing Permit accepted this 8th day of April, 1929

MARLIN WATER COMPANY

BY:	A. G. Ray ______________

Its President

Attest - By: Wells A. Rathbun

Secretary

—00O00—

PERMIT TO BOULDER DAM SYNDICATE. INC.

PERMISSION is hereby given and granted to Boulder Dam Syndicate, Inc., a
corporation, to install, lay and maintain water pipe lines and water mains and
connections and laterals thereto, and all necessary and proper alliances used
in connection therewith, or appurtenant thereto, in, through, over, across, under
or along the following described streets and alleys of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of supplying the inhabitants of Boulder
Addition to the City of Las Vegas with water, viz:

Commencing at the northeast corner of Main Street and Charleston
Boulevard; thence, diagonally in a southwesterly direction across
Charleston Boulevard to the center of the North end line of Lot 7 in
Block 1 of Boulder Addition; thence South along the center line of
said Lot 7 to the center line of the east and west alley in said Block
1 at the point where the center line of the north and south alley in
said block one intersects the same as the said point being hereinafter
called Station one (1); thence south along the center line of
said north and south alley in Block 1, continuing thence in a
straight line along the alleys in Blocks two (2), three (3),
four (4) and five (5) and crossing California, Colorado, Im-
perial, Utah and Wyoming Streets, to a point seventeen feet
north of the North side line of Block 6; thence east along and
parallel with the South side of Wyoming Street. Crossing its
intersections with First, Second and Fifth Streets to the
center line of Third Street; thence South along the center
line of Third Street to a point three feet south of its inter-
section with the easterly prolongation of the North side line
of lot 5, in Block Twenty (20) Boulder Addition; thence east
at right angles through lot Fourteen (14) Block Twenty-three
(23) to the center of the alley running along the East side
of said Block Twenty-three (23); thence north straight along
said center line, and continuing along the center line of the
alleys running along the east side of Blocks 22 and 21, and
across Fifth Street (diagonally) and Fourth Place to the center
line of the East and West Alley in said Block Twenty-one (21)
thence west along the center line of said East-West Alley to a
point twenty-three feet west of its intersection with the
center line of Third Street in Boulder Addition (hereinafter
called Station No. 2); thence continuing west along the center
line of the East-West Alley in Block 13 to its intersection
with the North-South Alley Center line, (hereinafter called
Station No. 3); thence continuing west along the center line
of said East-West Alley in Block 13 to a point two feet west
of the East Curb Line of Second Street, Boulder Addition;
thence across said Second Street diagonally to a point in the
center line produced of the East-West Alley in Block Seven (7)
two feet east of the West Curb Line of said Second Street;
thence West along the Center Line of said East-West Alley in
Block Seven (7) to its intersection with the center line of the
North-South Alley in said Block Seven (hereinafter called
Station No. 4); thence in a straight line West through Station
No. 1 to the West end of the East-West Alley in said Block 1; also,

Beginning at Station No. 4 thence south along the Center
line of the alleys in Blocks 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 to the
South End of the Alley in said Block 12 and crossing all of the
East-West Streets in Boulder addition; also,

Beginning at Station No. 3 thence South along the Center
line of the alleys in Blocks 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17* and crossing
the East-West Streets in Boulder Addition; also,

Beginning at the connection located at the South End of the
Alley in Block Fourteen, South Addition; thence across Charleston
Boulevard to Station No. 2.

The Permittee to lay a four inch water mains throughout its
whole system.

For said purposes the said Permittee shall have the right
to make the necessary excavations in said streets, avenues, and alleys;
provided said Permittee shall:

(a)	In all cases, after making any excavation in the streets,
avenues or alleys, promptly restore such street, avenue or alley to its
former condition.

(b)	Fully observe all of the ordinances of said City of Las
Vegas, now in existence, or which may hereafter be adopted relative to
the making of excavations in such streets, avenues or alleys.

(c)	At all times hold City of Las Vegas harmless from any and
all liability for damages to persons or property caused by such excav-
ations made in the streets, avenues or alleys within the territory to
which this permit extends.

As further conditions upon which this permit is granted, it is pro-
vided:

1.	That the Municipal authorities shall further have the power to
make all necessary rules and regulations for the laying and maintaining

of all water pipes and apparatuses, and shall have the power to change the
rules and regulations from time to time as in their judgment may seem just

and proper.

2.	The municipal authorities shall also have the right to direct the
change in location at any time of such pipe lines, water mains, laterals
and appliances, and to establish and change the grades of said streets,

avenues and alleys.

3. said Permittee shall at all times keep said pipes, mains, laterals
and appliances in proper condition and repair, so that the same shall not
damage or obstruct the use of said streets, avenues or alleys for travel
or for public uses by reason of leakages or otherwise.

4.	Said Permittee will install and maintain a reasonable number of
fire plugs at such points as the Board of City Commissioners may from
time to time designate.
A violation of any of the provisions of this Permit shall be
ground for and entitle said City to revoke this Permit in whole or in
part, or said City may pursue such other remedy or course as the law
permits. Said City hereby reserves all rights incident to the grantor
of a permit.

This permit shall not be construed to authorize the Permittee
to use, or to acquire any rights in any of the streets, avenues or
alleys of said Clark's Las Vegas Townsite or said South Addition incon-
sistent with the future legitimate uses of such streets, avenues or
alleys by said City of Las Vegas, nor shall the grant hereby made oper-
ate in itself nor by lapse of time or by the expenditure of moneys by
Permittee as an estoppel against said City of Las Vegas in any respect
whatsoever, nor shall this Permit be construed as a grant of any right
or privilege adverse to the rights of any abutting owner or owners of
property along any of the streets, avenues or alleys where said pipes,
mains, laterals or appliances may be placed or maintained by said Per-
mittee, nor to establish any rights in the Permittee contrary to or
inconsistent with the right of the original dedicators of said Streets,
avenues and alleys, or their assigns.

Permittee shall not be entitled to assign this permit or any
rights hereunder without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners
of said City first had and obtained in writing.

This Permit shall become effective upon the acceptance of same in
writing by the Permittee within forty days from the date of its passage
but in default of such acceptance the same shall be of no effect.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
on the fifth day of February, 1929.

Executed in pursuance of the Order of said Board of City Commissioners
by the Mayor and the City Clerk.

Thereunto duly authorized this fifth day of February, 1929. Executed
in duplicate.

BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

BY J. F. HESSE

ITS MAYOR

BY:	W. C. GERMAN

ITS WATER WORKS, SEWERAGE, AND
LIGHT COMMISSIONER.

ATTEST:

WM. L. SCOTT______________

CITY CLERK

The foregoing permit accepted this ninth day of

February, 1929.

.BOULDER DAM SYNDICATE, INC.

BY:	O. G. BATES__________

ITS PRESIDENT

ATTEST:

SECRETARY

SEAL.
19

PERMIT TO LAS VEGAS LAND AND WATER COMPANY

PERMISSION IS HEREBY given and granted to LAS VEGAS LAND AND WATER COMPANY, a
Corporation of the State of Nevada, to install, lay down and maintain water pipe lines,
water mains and all necessary and proper appliances used in connection therewith, or
appurtenant thereto, in through, over, across, under or along all or any of the streets,
alleys, avenues and highways of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
including Clark's las Vegas Townsite, the Original Town site of Las Vegas, and all additions,
tracts and subdivisions now existing as a part of said city, and all additions, tracts
and subdivisions which may hereafter be added to said city of Las Vegas, or hereafter laid
out or subdivided, for the purpose of supplying the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas
with water.

For said purposes the said Permittee shall have the right to make the necessary
excavations in said streets, avenues and alleys, providing said Permittee shall:

(a)	In all cases, after making any excavation in the streets, avenues or alleys,
promptly restore such street, avenue or alley to its former condition.

(b)	Fully observe all of the ordinances of said City of Las Vegas, now in 

existence, or which may hereafter be adopted relative to the making of excavations in such
streets, avenues or alleys.

(c) At all times hold the City of Las Vegas harmless from any and all liability
for damages to persons or property caused by such excavations made in the streets, avenues
or alleys within the territory to which this permit extends.

As further conditions upon which this permit is granted, it is provided:

I

That the municipal authorities shall further have the power to make all reasonable
rules and regulations necessary for the laying and maintaining of all water pipes, laterals
and appliances, and shall have the power to change the rules and regulations from time
to time asin their judgment may seem just and proper.

II

The municipal authorities shall also have the right to direct the change in 

location at any time of such pipe lines, water mains, laterals and appliances, and to 

establish and change the grades of said streets, avenues and alleys.

Ill

Said Permittee shall at all times keep said pipes, mains, laterals and appliances
in proper condition and repair, so that the same shall not damage or obstruct the use of
said streets, avenues or alleys for travel or for public uses, by reason of leakage or
otherwise.

IV

Said Permittee and its successors and assigns will install and maintain all fire
plugs of such design as may be designated and located within City limits at such
points as the Board of City Commissioners or Chief of Fire Department of said City of
Las Vegas may, from time to time designate, at actual cost of labor and material, the
same to be paid for by the said City upon presentation of verified claim or claims therefor
to said City in the manner required by law. No charge shall be made to the said City of
Las Vegas for water used from fire plugs for extinguishing fire, fire practice or testing
fire plugs, or for street sprinkling or for flushing streets or sewers, or for municipal
buildings and grounds, exclusive of public parks, or for one public drinking fountain.

V

A violation of any of the provisions of this Permit shall be ground for and entitle
said City of Las Vegas to revoke this Permit in whole or in part, or said City may pursue
such other remedy or course as the law permits. Said City hereby reserves all rights
incident to the Grantor of a permit.

VI

This permit shall not be construed to authorize the Permittee to use, or to acquire
any rights in any of the streets, avenues or alleys of said City of Las Vegas inconsistent
with the future legitimate uses of such streets, avenues or alleys by said City of Las Vegas
nor shall the grant hereby made operate in itself or by lapse of time, or by the expenditure
of moneys by Permittee as an estoppel against said City of Las Vegas in any respect whatsoever. 

Nor shall this Permit be construed as a grant of any right or privilege adverse
to the rights of any abutting owner or owners of property along any of the streets,
avenues or alleys where said pipes, mains, laterals or appliances may be placed or maintained 

by said Permittee, nor to establish any rights in the Permittee contrary to or 

inconsistent with the right of the original dedicators of said streets, avenues and alleys,
or their assigns.
20

VII

Within six months after date of this Permit, the Permittee shall file in the
office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a plat showing the location and
position of all water mains, water pipe lines and laterals now installed and laid
down, and showing the location and position of any water mains, water pipe lines and
laterals proposed to be installed and laid down under the authority hereby granted;
should Permittee thereafter desire to extend its water mains, pipe lines and laterals
in said city, it shall file in the office of the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas
a plat showing the location and position of any water mains, water pipe lines and
laterals proposed to be installed and laid down other than those delineated on plat
theretofore filed.

VIII

Upon the acceptance hereof by said Las Vegas Land and Water Company, the Permit
heretofore granted to Las Vegas Land and Water Company by this Board on the 2nd day of
September, 1927, for the use of the streets and alleys in the Original Townsite of Las
Vegas, for the purpose of laying water mains and laterals to supply the inhabitants of
said Original Townsite with water, and the Permit heretofore granted by this Board to
Hawkins Land & Water Co. to use the streets and alleys of the South Addition to the
City of Las Vegas for said purposes, and thereafter assigned to Las Vegas Land and
Water Company, and the Permit heretofore granted to W. E. Hawkins to use the streets
and alleys of Hawkins Addition to the City of Las Vegas for said purposes, and thereafter
assigned to Las Vegas Land and Water Company, and the Permit heretofore granted to S. W.
Craner to use the streets and alleys of Buck's Subdivision to the City of Las Vegas for
said purposes, and thereafter assigned to Las Vegas Land and Water Company,	shall be

terminated and cancelled and no longer of any force or effect.

IX

The privileges hereby granted to said Permittee shall inure to the benefit of
said Permittee, its successors and assigns, for a period of fifty (50) years from and
after the date hereof, provided said Permittee shall not be entitled to assign this
Permit or any rights hereunder without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners
of said City of Las Vegas first had and obtained in writing.

X.

This Permit shall become effective upon the acceptance of	same in	writing	by the

permittee within forty days from the date of its passage, but in	default	of	such	

acceptance the same shall be of no effect.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, on the
21st day of February, 1930.

Executed in pursuance of the Order of said Board of City Commissioners by the
Mayor, the City Clerk, and the Water Works, Sewerage and Light Commissioner, thereunto
duly authorized this 21st day of February 1930, executed in duplicate.

BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

By J. F. Hesse
Its Mayor

By L. B. Housell

Its Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

The foregoing permit accepted the 25th day of February, 1930.

LAS VEGAS LAND AND WATER COMPANY

By F. H. Knickerbocker
Its Vice-President

Attest:

C. W. Bloomy
Its Secretary


101

AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT made and entered into this 25th day of January, 1944, by and between
Fred N. Nielsen, Sr., and Sophia Nielsen, husband and wife, and Ernest A. McEachern and
Beatrice P. McEachern, husband and wife, as parties of the First Part and the City of Las
Vegas, a municipal corporation, as party of the Second Part:

Witnesseth, that parties of the First Part for and in consideration of the sum of One
Dollar ($1.00) in hand paid, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, do hereby agree that
the City may proceed in the proper manner to vacate that portion of Alturas Avenue lying
between the Westerly boundary of Willow Street and the Easterly boundary of Rose Street.

Said street being adjacent to and adjoining Lots 12 and 13, Block 4, of Woodland Park Addition
to the City of Las Vegas, which lots are owned by the parties of the First Part.

Parties of the First Part further agree that upon completion of vacating proceedings
of the above street by the City of Las Vegas, that said parties of the First Part will execute
to the City of Las Vegas and or the County of Clark any and all interests that the Parties of
the First Part may have in and to the southerly twenty feet (20') of that portion of Alturas
Street which is vacated, and that they will execute the necessary instruments to convey the
same to the City of Las Vegas and or the County of Clark.

In Witness whereof, the parties have hereunto set their hands this 25th day of January,

1944.

Fred N. Nielsen, Sr.

Sophia Nielsen

Ernest A. McEachern_______

Beatrice P. McEachern_____

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

On this 25th day of January, 1944, personally appeared before me, the undersigned,
a Notary Public in and for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, Fred N. Nielsen and Sophia
Nielsen, known to me to be the persons described in and who executed the foregoing instrument,
and who acknowledged to me that they executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses
and purposes therein mentioned.

Richard M. Simonton__________

My Commission Expires Deo. 4, 1947	Notary Public in and for the

County of Clark, State of Nevada
(SEAL)

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

On this 5th day of January, 1944, personally appeared before me, the undersigned, a
Notary Public in and for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, Ernest A. McEachern and
Beatrice P. McEachern, known to me to be the persons described in and who executed the fore-
going instrument, and who acknowledged to me that they executed the same freely and voluntarily
and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Richard M. Simonton__________

Notary Public in and for the
County of Clark, State of Nevada
(SEAL)

My Commission Expires
Dec. 4, 1947

No. 176881

Recorded at Request of

C.C. Sargent

Feb 7, 1944

at 45 Min. Past 9 A.M.

In Book 20. Page 336
of Misc

Clark County, Nevada, Records
David Farnsworth, Recorder

..................H.B. Deputy

Fee $2.00 Compared M.B.V.W.

Indexed.
102

AGREEMENT

This indenture entered into this 2nd day of June, 1944, by and between the
City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation, sometimes hereinafter referred to as the party
of the first part and R. B. Griffith, of the City of Las Vegas, sometimes hereinafter called
the party of the second part.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has for sale sludge from the City disposal plant,

and

WHEREAS, the said R. B. Griffith is desirous of purchasing fifty (50) tons of said

sludge,

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of mutual agreements and covenants of the parties
hereto, it is understood and agreed as follows, to-wit:

1)	The party of the first part agrees to sell to the party of the second part,
fifty (50) tons of sludge from the disposal plant of the party of the first part for a
price of Two Dollars ($2.00) per ton f.o.b. the disposal plant.

2)	The party of the second part agrees to purchase from the City of Las Vegas
fifty (50) tons of sludge from the City disposal plant at a price of Two Dollars ($2.00)
per ton f.o.b. City disposal plant.

3)	It is agreed by and between the parties hereto that the fifty (50) tons of
sludge hereinbefore referred to must be removed by the party of the second part and the party
of the second part does hereby agree to remove the sludge from the City disposal plant within 

ninety (90) days from the date of execution of this agreement.

4)	The party of the second part agrees to pay to the City of Las Vegas the sum
of One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) for the aforementioned sludge upon the execution of this
agreement and the party of the first part does hereby acknowledge receipt of said One Hundred 

Dollars ($100.00) in full payment for said fifty (50) tons of sludge.

It is understood by and between the parties hereto that the City of Las Vegas
may retain the aforementioned sum of One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) whether or not the party
of the second part fulfills his contract by removing the sludge within the ninety (90)
day period prescribed in this contract.

IN WITNESS THEREOF, we hereto set our hands and seal this 2nd day of June, 1944.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

By:	(Signed) E. W. Cragin

E. W. Cragin - Mayor

ATTEST:	(Signed) Helen Scott Reed	(Signed) R. B. Griffith

HELEN SCOTT REED
City Clerk
103

AGREEMENT

Between

LOS ANGELES & SALT LAKE RAILROAD COMPANY
and its Lessee

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY
and

THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS

Dated October 1st, 1942

Covering furnishing of electricity
to City's Police Department radio
system and fire devices, in case of
black-outs or other failure of supply
from the present source, in Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada.

THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into this 1st day of October, 1942, by and
between LOS ANGELES & SALT LAKE RAILROAD COMPANY, a corporation of the State of Utah,
and its Lessee, UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY, a corporation of the State of Utah,
hereinafter collectively called "Railroad Company", Parties of the First Part, and
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, a municipal corporation, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada
hereinafter called "City", Party of the Second Part,

WITNESSETH:

RECITALS

The Railroad Company owns and operates an electric power plant in the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, which power plant has a capacity sufficient to generate
electric current in excess of the amount required by the Railroad Company for its
railroad operations.

In connection with the Police Department, the City operates a radio station and
fire alarm devices, which require the use of electric current at all times and which
current is now being supplied by Southern Nevada Power Co., and has applied to the 

Railroad Company for permission to install the necessary facilities for emergency stand-by
service in case of black-outs or other failure of supply from said present source, which
permission the Railroad Company is willing to grant upon the terms and conditions 

hereinafter stated.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, it is agreed by and between the
parties hereto as follows:

ARTICLE I.

The Railroad Company agrees:

Section 1. At the sole cost and expense of the City, to permit the City to install

 and thereafter maintain the necessary facilities for an emergency stand-by electric
service, consisting of five kilowatts of electrical energy, single phase, 2300 volts, for
the purpose of supplying the radio system and fire alarm devices operated by the City's
Police Department.

Section 2. Subject to the conditions hereinafter stated, to furnish and deliver
to the City at any and all times during the life of this Agreement, five kilowatts of
electrical energy, single phase, 2300 volts, for the sole use of the radio system and
fire alarm devices of the City's Police Department, but only when the source now supplying

 electric energy for such purpose is cut off.

ARTICLE II.

The City agrees:

Section 1. At its own cost and expense, to install the necessary facilities for
said emergency stand-by service and to obtain said supply of electric energy for the
operation of said radio system and fire alarm devices, and thereafter to maintain the
same.

Section 2. To pay to the Railroad Company the sum of $5.00 per month, flat rate,
for said service, which shall be paid monthly by the City, and within fifteen days after
bills are rendered therefor.

Section 3. To at all times indemnify and hold the Railroad Company harmless
against all claims, demands, judgments, costs, expenses, including attorney's fees, for
loss, damage, or injury to persons or property, directly or indirectly arising or growing 

out of the installation or maintenance of said electricity or the furnishing of
electrical energy under this Agreement.

Section 4. To use said facilities and said electric supply only for the operation
of the radio system and fire alarm devices of the City's Police Department, and then only
in case of emergency and when the present apply of electrical energy now furnishing said
radio system is cut off.

Section 5. Not to assign this contract, or any interest therein, to any person,
firm or corporation, municipal or otherwise, without the consent in writing of the Railroad

 Company first had and obtained.
104

ARTICLE III

It is mutually agreed between the parties hereto as follows:

Section 1. The railroad Company, at all times during the life of this
Agreement, shall have the right to inspect the facilities installed by the City Pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement.

Section 2. For the purpose of making necessary repairs to its electric
power plant, service and transmission lines and connections, the Railroad Company shall
have the right, without abatement of said monthly charge, to suspend delivery of electric
current hereunder for periods not to exceed an aggregate of twenty-four hours in any
calendar month, in such a manner, however, as not unnecessarily to inconvenience the
City. In the event the period during which the delivery of electric current shall be
suspended shall exceed an aggregate of twenty-four hours in any calendar month, the City
shall be entitled to an abatement of said monthly charge determined on the basis of the
number of hours during which delivery of electric current is suspended as compared to
the total number of hours in such calendar month.

Section 3. The Railroad Company shall not be liable to the City for any
loss or damage suffered by the City due to any failure or interruption in the furnishing

 and delivery of electric current to the City hereunder when such failure or 

interruption is caused by strikes, accidents, damage to machinery, acts of God, public
enemy, or other causes beyond the control of the Railroad Company.

Section 4. This agreement may be terminated by written notice given by
either the Railroad Company or the City, to the other party on any date in such notice
stated, not less, however, than thirty (30) days subsequent to the date of the service
of such notice, and upon the termination hereof the City will at its own sole cost and
expense disconnect its said facilities from the lines and wires of the Railroad Company.
The notice herein provided for may be served upon the Railroad Company by United States
registered mail, addressed to the Railroad Company at Las Vegas, Nevada, or upon the
City by United States registered mail addressed to the City of Las Vegas, at Las Vegas,
Nevada, and service shall be deemed complete upon the date of mailing.

Section 5. This agreement shall become effective as of the 29th day of
August, 1942, and shall continue in full force and effect for a period of five years
thereafter, unless the same is sooner terminated as hereinabove provided.

Section 6. This Agreement shall not become effective until the same is
approved by the Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada, pursuant to the provisions 

of Section 37 of the Public Service Commission Act (Section 6138, Nevada Compiled 

Laws of 1929).

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed in duplicate as of the date first herein written.

LOS ANGELES & SALT LAKE RAILROAD COMPANY

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY

Witness:

L. J. Bachman	By G. F. Ashby

Vice President

THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS

Attest:

by Howell C. Garrison

Helen Scott Reed	Mayor

City Clerk

(Seal)

---000---

The Standard form of Agreement between Owner and Architect. Issued by the American
Institute of Architects for use when a percentage of the cost of the work forms the
basis of payment. Third Edition-Copyright 1917-1926 by the American Institute of
Architects Washington, D. C.

THIS AGREEMENT made the TWENTY-SECOND day of NOVEMBER in the year Nineteen
Hundred and FORTY-THREE by and between CITY OF LAS VEGAS, A MUNICIPAL CORPORATION COUNTY
OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA hereinafter called the Owner, and ADRIAN WILSON hereinafter
called the Architect, WITNESSETH, that whereas the Owner intends to erect ONE CENTRAL
AND ONE SUB FIRE STATION IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, FWA PROJECT NEV-26-130-N

NOW, THEREFORE, the Owner and the Architect, for the considerations 

hereinafter named, agree as follows:

The Architect agrees to perform, for the above-named work, professional
services as hereinafter set forth.
105

The Owner agrees to pay the Architect for such services a LUMP SUM FEE OF
THIRTY-SEVEN HUNDRED AND no/l00 DOLLARS ($3,700.00)

1.	The Architect's Services.--The Architect's professional services consist
of the necessary conferences, the preparation of preliminary studies, working drawings,
specifications, large scale and full size detail drawings; the drafting of forms of 

proposals and contracts; the issuance of certificates of payment; the keeping of accounts,
the general administration of the business and super vision of the work.

2.Reimbursements.--The Owner is to reimburse the Architect the costs of
transportation and living incurred by him and his assistants while traveling in discharge
of duties connected with the work and the costs of the services of heating, ventilating
mechanical and electrical engineers.

3.	Separate Contracts.--The basic rate applies to work let under a single
contract. For any portions of the work lot under separate contracts, on account of extra
service thereby required, the rate shall be four per cent greater, and if substantially all
the work is so let the higher rate shall apply to the entire work; but there shall be no
such increase on any contracts in connection with which the Owner reimburses the Engineers'
fees to the Architect, or for articles not designed by the Architect but purchased under
his direction.

4.	Extra Services and Special Cases.—If the Architect is caused extra draughting

 or other expense due to changes ordered by the Owner, or due to the delinquency or

 insolvency of the Owner or Contractor, or as a result of damage by fire, he shall be 

equitably paid for such extra expense and the service involved.

Work let on any cost-plus basis shall be the subject of a special charge in accord 

with the special service required.

If any work designed or specified by the Architect is abandoned or suspended the
Architect is to be paid for the service rendered on account of it.

5.	Payments.—Payments to the Architect on account of his fee shall be made as
follows, subject to the provisions of Art. 4:

Upon completion of the preliminary studies, a sum equal to 20% of the basis rate
computed upon a reasonable estimated cost.

Upon completion of specifications and general working drawings (exclusive of
details) a sum sufficient to increase payments on the fee to 60% of the rate or rates of
commission arising from this agreement, computed upon a reasonable cost estimated on such
completed specifications and drawings, or if bids have been received, then computed upon
the lowest bona fide bid or bids.

From time to time during the execution of work and in proportion to the amount
of service rendered by the Architect, payments shall be made until the aggregate of all 

payments made on account of the fee under this Article, but not including any covered by the
provisions of Article 4, shall be a sum equal to the rate or rates of commission arising
from this agreement, computed upon the final cost of the work.

Payments to the Architect, other than those on his fee, fall due from time to
time as his work is done or as costs are incurred.

No deductions shall be made from the Architect's fee on account of penalty,
liquidated damages, or other sums withheld from payments to contractors.

6.	Survey, Borings and Tests.—The Owner shall, so far as the work under this

agreement may require, furnish the Architect with the following information:	A complete

and accurate survey of the building site, giving the grades and lines of streets, pavements
and adjoining properties; the rights, restrictions, easements, boundaries, and contours of
the building site, and full information as to sewer water gas and electrical service. The
Owner is to pay for borings or test pits and for chemical mechanical, or other tests when
required.

7.	Supervision of the Work.— The Architect will endeavor to guard the

Owner against defects and deficiencies in the work of contractors, but he does not guarantee
the performance of their contracts. The supervision of an Architect is to be distinguished
from the continuous personal superintendence to be obtained by the employment of a clerk-of-
the-works.

When authorized by the owner, a clerk-of-the- works acceptable to both Owner and
Architect shall be engaged by the Architect at a salary satisfactory to the Owner and paid
by the Owner, upon presentation of the Architect's monthly statements.

8.	Preliminary Estimates.--When requested to do so the Architect will furnish
preliminary estimates on the cost of the work, but he does not guarantee the accuracy of
such estimates.

9.	Definition of the Cost of the work.— Amended. See Articles 15 and 16

10.	Ownership of Documents.—Drawings and specifications as instruments of
service are the property of the Architect whether the work for which they are made be 

executed or note.

11.	Successors and Assignments.—The Owner and the Architect, each binds himself,
his partners, successors, executors, administrators, and assigns to the other party to this
agreement, and to the partners, successors, executors, administrators and assigns of such
other party in respect of all covenants of this agreement.
106

Except as above, neither the Owner nor the Architect shall assign, sublet or
transfer his interest in this agreement without the written consent of the other.

12.	Arbitration. --All questions in dispute under this agreement shall be 

submitted to arbitration at the choice of either party.

13.	THIS AGREEMENT is subject to the work being done under a partial grant
from the Federal Works Agency; the preparation of preliminary date; the use of critical
materials; and the fee to be paid to the Architect is subject to the approval of the 

Federal works Agency.

14.	Traveling expenses as mentioned hereinbefore are interpreted to mean
special traveling authorized to outside points and does not include the cost of travel or
architect or his representative from his office to job site.

15.	Abandonment or Indefinite Postponement of the Project. If the Owner, in
its sole discretion, should deem it necessary or desirable to abandon or indefinitely 

postpone the prosecution of the project for which the professional services described in this
agreement are to be rendered, the Owner may terminate this agreement by giving the
Architect-Engineer written notice of such abandonment or indefinite postponement and of
the termination of this agreement. In the event of such termination, the Owner shall

pay to the Architect-Engineer as full payment for all services performed and all expenses 

incurred under this agreement an amount which bears the same ratio to the total fee 

otherwise payable under this agreement as the services actually rendered hereunder by the
Architect-Engineer bear to the total services necessary for the full performance of this
agreement. There shall be deducted from such amount, however, all payments theretofore
made by the Owner under this agreement to the Architect-Engineer. In ascertaining the
services actually rendered hereunder up to the date of the termination of this agreement,
consideration shall be given to both completed work and work in the process of completion
and to complete and incomplete drawings and other documents whether delivered to the Owner
or in the possession of the Architect-Engineer. Provisions for the payment of the total
fee through installment payments shall not be controlling in computing the amount payable
hereunder upon the termination of this agreement.

If upon payment of the amount required to be paid under this paragraph following the
termination of this agreement the Owner thereafter should determine to complete the
original project or substantially the same project, the Owner for such purpose shall have
the privilege of:

(a)	Utilizing any and all completed drawings, specifications, estimates and
other completed contract documents prepared under this agreement by the Architect-Engineer,
who shall make them available to the Owner upon request without additional compensation,
and

(b)	Requiring the completion of the Architect-Engineer of any and all
partially completed drawings, specifications, estimates, and other partially completed
contract documents and the delivery of such documents to the Owner, in consideration
of which the Architect-Engineer shall be paid by the Owner an amount representing the
value of the additional services performed computed in the same manner as above provided
for the computation of the Architect-Engineer's compensation upon the termination of this agreement.

16.	Termination upon Architect-Engineer's Default. If the Architect-Engineer

should fail to perform any of his obligations hereunder within the time and in the manner
provided or otherwise violates any of the terms of this agreement, the Owner may terminate
this agreement by giving the Architect-Engineer written notice of such termination, stating
the reason for such termination. In such event the Architect-Engineer shall be entitled
to receive as full payment for all services satisfactorily rendered and expenses incurred
hereunder an amount which bears the same ratio to the total fee specified in this agreement
as the services satisfactorily rendered hereunder by the Architect-Engineer bear to the
total services otherwise required to be performed for such total fee:	Provided, However,

that there shall be deducted from such amount all payment s theretofore received under
this agreement by the Architect-Engineer and the amount of damages, if any, sustained

by the Owner by virtue of the breach of this agreement by the Architect-Engineer.

The Owner and the Architect hereby agree to the full performance of the covenants
contained herein.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF they have executed this agreement, the day and year first
above written.

Signed:	E. W. Cragin

Mayor

Signed:	Helen Scott Reed

(Seal)	City Clerk
107

AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into this 26th day of October, 1944, by and between 

the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, a Municipal corporation duly organized and existing under and
by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada, and OIL & GAS DISTRIBUTORS, INC., a corporation
duly organized and existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada,

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, OIL & GAS DISTRIBUTORS, INC., has been supplying gasoline to the City
of Las Vegas for some months past, and

WHEREAS, it is more convenient for the City of Las Vegas if said oil company installs
pump facilities to dispense their gasoline at the Las Vegas City garages, and

WHEREAS, OIL & GAS DISTRIBUTORS, INC., is willing and anxious to install said gasoline 

pump at the City garages,

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements of the
parties hereto, it is mutually understood and agreed as follows, to-wit:

OIL & GAS DISTRIBUTORS, INC., agrees to install at the City garage at Las Vegas,

Nevada, a gasoline pump to dispense gasoline supplied by said company to the City of Las
Vegas.

The City of Las Vegas, agrees to permit the installation of said pump at the
City garage in the City of Las Vegas.

It is mutually understood and agreed by and between the parties that, for any
reason, should the OIL & CAS DISTRIBUTORS, INC., discontinue to supply the City of Las
Vegas with gasoline, said oil company shall have the right to remove said pump from the
Las Vegas City garage; that said pump shall be removed by OIL & GAS DISTRIBUTORS, INC., at
its own expense.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF we have hereunto set our hands and seals this 26th day of
October, 1944.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

BY E. Cragin (Signed)

ATTEST:	E.	W. Cragin Mayor

Helen Scott Reed (Signed)

Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk

OIL & GAS DISTRIBUTORS, INC.

By C. A. Morehouse (Signed)

President

By C. Norman Cornwall (Signed)

Secretary

---ooOoo--

THIS INDENTURE, entered into this 8th day of January, 1945, by and between the
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, a Municipal Corporation hereinafter called First Party, and the HOUSING
AUTHORITY OF THE COUNTY OF CLARK, Nevada , agents for the Federal Public Housing Authority,
hereinafter called the Second Party,

WITNESSETH :

WHEREAS, the First Party is, at the present time, making a charge for collection
of both wet and dry garbage in the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the Kelso-Turner Tract, being operated by the Second Party, is located
in the city limits of the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, said Kelso-Turner Tract has one hundred and twenty (120) living units,
of which forty-one (41) units are multiple units containing two (2) or more living quarters;
and seventy-nine (79) of such units are single units containing one (1) or more livability
units, and
108

WHEREAS, said units have the problem of wet and dry garbage disposal,

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements of the
parties hereto, it is mutually understood and agreed as follows, to wit:

I.	That the First Party shall pick up all wet and dry garbage from the one
hundred and twenty (120) units	in the	Kelso-Turner Tract.

II.	That the monthly	charge for	said pick-up shall be One Dollar ($1.00)	for

each single-unit dwelling in the Kelso-Turner Tract, and one Dollar fifty Cents ($1.50)
for each multiple unit.

III.	It is understood and agreed that the Second Party shall have all dry garbage
at one location where the same may be picked up by the First Party.

IV.	It is understood and agreed by and between the parties hereto that both
wet and dry garbage shall be picked up by the Party of the First Part once each week.

V.	It is further understood and agreed by and between the parties that this
agreement shall be retroactive	to October	1, 1944 and shall extend for a	period	of	one

year and three (3) months from	October 1,	1944 to Midnight, December 31,	1945.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF we have hereunto set our hands and seals this 8th day of
January, 1945,

HOUSING AUTHORITY OF THE COUNTY OF CLARK,

STATE OF NEVADA

By 0. A. Kimball, (Signed)

Chairman

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

By E. W. Cragin (Signed)

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed	Mayor

City Clerk
By:	Mildred Mastny

Chief Deputy City Clerk

---oOo---

MOTOR VEHICLE RENTAL AGREEMENT

THIS INDENTURE, made and entered into this l day of February, 1945 by and between
the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation hereinafter sometimes designated as
Party of the First Part, and Charles Pinjuv of Las Vegas, Nevada, hereinafter sometimes
designated as Party of the Second Part.

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is desirous of renting, on a day-to-day basis,
motor vehicle equipment belonging to Party of the Second Part, and

WHEREAS, Party of the Second Part is desirous and willing to rent to the City of
Las Vegas his motor vehicle,

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements of the
parties hereto, it is mutually understood and agreed as follows, to wit:

The Party of the First Part shall pay unto the	Party of the Second Part the	sum

of	$1.25 per day for each eight-hour period	the motor	vehicle is used on	behalf of	the

City, for the use of the motor vehicle belonging to the Party of the Second Part provided, 

however, that a day shall be deemed to consist of eight (8) hours and if said
motor vehicle is not used for the entire period of eight (8) hours in any one day,
the City shall pay to the Party of the Second Part the proportion of $1.25 due for the
number	of hours said motor vehicle was used	on behalf	of the City.

The City of Las Vegas will supply to	the Party	of the Second Part	the necessary

Ethyl gasoline and motor vehicle oil for the operation of said motor vehicle, provided
however that the City shall not supply more than one and one- half (1 1/2) gallons of
gasoline for each day said motor vehicle is used, nor more than one (1) pint of oil for
each day said motor vehicle is used. If said motor vehicle shall be used more than
eight (8) hours each day, then in that case additional gasoline and oil allowances shall
be made.

Party of the Second Part shall provide for all repairs, replacements, and accessories
to maintain his machine in first class condition and at a standard acceptable to the
Chief of Police. Party of the second Part shall equip his motor vehicle with a siren,
two red lights, a radio receiver and a wind shield,
109

The party of the Second Part while operating the machine at times other than
while the same is being used for the benefit of the City, shall not make use of the
red lights, siren, or radio receiving equipment.

It is mutually understood and agreed by and between the parties that this
agreement may be voided by either party upon one day's notice, in writing, to be
served upon the party desiring to cancel said contract.

It is further understood and agreed by and between the parties that the
Party of the Second Part shall furnish public liability insurance in the sum of
$25/50 P.L. 5000 P.D. and Property Damage Insurance.

	It is further understood and agreed that the Party of the Second Part shall

be the only person to operate this machine, but that the same while being operated
for the benefit of the City of Las Vegas, shall be dispatched and utilized at the
discretion of the Chief of Police.

It is further understood and agreed that the Party of the Second Part will
hold the City of Las Vegas harmless from any liability resulting from the operation
of said vehicle while the same is being utilized for the benefit of the City of Las
Vegas.

The description of the machine, subject of this agreement, is as follows,

	to wit:

Harley Davidson - # 41FL3581

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

By E. W. Cragin
Mayor

Chas. C. McCall
City Manager

Attest:	Charles Pinjuv

Helen Scott Reed

Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk

00O00

The foregoing agreement (exact copy with exception of description of machine, which is
1933 Indian 4 - Motor #i918 Lic. #. Nev. 45) for George Bondley.

00O00

AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT made and entered into this 1st day of June , 1945, by
and between the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation, duly authorized and 

existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada, hereinafter called the
first party and Cuba Clos and Peter Clos, husband and wife, hereinafter called the
second parties.

WITNESSETH:

That in consideration of the executive of a deed, dated the 1st day of
June , 1945, a copy of which is hereto attached, from the parties of the second
part, the party of the first part herein agrees to do or cause to be done the following,
to-wit:

1.	At such time as the new additional right-of-way described in the deed hereinabove 

mentioned is occupied by the party of the first part, the artesian well 

belonging to the parties of the second part which is now located about forty-six (46)

fee right or south of Engineer's Station "P" 100 / 53, the party of the first part will
connect said artesian well to the pump house now located on the property of the party
of the second part, through adequate pipe in a manhole to be located under the 

sidewalk area.

2.	To construct approach roads to the property of the party of the first part
during construction of the highway at places corresponding to the present location or
places designated by the parties of the second part.

3.	To remove the existing fences on the old right-of-way line and to re-construct
on the new right-of-way line fences at no cost to the parties of the second part.

4.	To replace any trees removed during the course of construction in 

approximately the same relative position on the property of the party of the second part, said
trees to be on the outside of the right-of-way.

IN WITNESSETH THEREOF I have her unto set my hand this 1st day of June, 1945.

/s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

/s/ Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk
110

—-00O00---

For the Agreement between the City of Las Vegas and the United States Government in regards

the Instrument Landing System, Localizer and Glider Path, see pages 420 and 421 in this Book.

-—00O00---

EASEMENT

from

LOS ANGELES & SALT LAKE RAILROAD COMPANY
and its Lessee

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY

to

THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, a munici-
pal corporation of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada.

THIS INDENTURE, made and entered into this 14th day of June, 1944, by and between
LOS ANGELES & SALT LAKE RAILROAD COMPANY, a corporation of the State of Utah, and its Lessee,
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY, a corporation of the State of Utah, hereinafter collectively
called "Grantor", Parties of the First Part, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, a municipal corporation 

of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, hereinafter called "Grantor", Party of the
Second Part.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Party of the Second Part, cooperating with State and Federal Highway
authorities, contemplates the construction of a standard highway extending on, over and across 

the land of the Parties of the First Part, situate in the South Half of the Southeast 

Quarter of Section Twenty-nine (29), and the Northeast Quarter of the Northeast
Quarter of Section Thirty-two (32), Township Twenty(20) South, Range Sixty-one (61) East

M.D.B. & M., in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, connecting
Bonanza Road and Charleston Boulevard, and has requested of the Parties of the First Part
and easement for right of way for such highway, and the Parties of the First Part are
willing to grant such easement, under the following terms and conditions:

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH:

That the said Parties of the First Part, for an in consideration of the premises
and the faithful keeping ny the Party of the Second Part of the terms and conditions hereinafter 

recited, do by these presents grant, remise, release and forever quitclaim unto the
said Party of the Second Part, for highway purposes only, an easement for right of way over
the following described strip or parcel of land, to-wit:

That certain strip of land 150.0 feet in width situated in the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being those portions of the S 1/2 of the SE 1/4 

of Section 29, and of the NE 1/4 of the NE 1/4 of Section 32, T 20 S., R. 61 E.,

M.D.B. & M., described as follows:

Beginning at a point on the north line of the S 1/2 of the SE 1/4 of said Section 29
distant S. 51°46'28" W. 2142,80 feet from the East quarter Corner of said
Section 29; thence along said north line S. 89°01'14" E., 62.95 feet; thence

S.	36°26' E. 226.59 feet to the point of beginning of a tangent curve concave
westerly and having a radius of 4050.0 feet; thence southeasterly along said
curve 2660.14 feet; thence S. 0° 37' 22 " W. 37.99 feet to a point of the south
line of the NE 1/4 of the NE 1/4 of said Section 32; thence along said South line N.

89° 22' 30" W. 50.39 feet to a point distant N. 29° 46' 04" W. 1533.74 feet from
the East quarter corner of said south line, N. 89° 22' 30" W. 99.61 feet; thence

N.	0° 37' 22" E. 39.44 feet to the point of beginning of a curve concave westerly 

and having a radius of 3900.0 feet bearing N. 88° 48' W. from said point;
thence northewesterly along said curve N. 36° 26' W. 341.33 feet to a point

on the north line of the S 1/2 of the SE 1/4 of said Section 29; thence along said
North line S. 89° 01' 14" E. 125.90 feet to the point of beginning.

This grant of easement is made subject, however, to the following reservations
and conditions subsequent:

1.	The Grantee shall at its own expense construct and thereafter maintain,
repair and renew said highway, and shall save the Grantor harmless from any taxes or
special assessments levied or made against the property of Grantor adjacent to said highway 

for any such highway work or improvements.

2.	All water and wayer rights appurtenant to said land are hereby excepted
from this grant and are reserved by Grantor.

3.	Easements for the operation, maintenance, repair and reconstruction of the 16
inch transit water pipe line and the 24 inch cast iron water pipe line now existing
across said strip of land, with a width of ten feet on each side of the center lines
thereof, respectively, are hereby reserved by Grantor, Before the completion of said
highway over said 16 inch transit pipe and before the use of said strip as a highway,

the Grantee will cause the portion of said 16 inch transite pipe extending under the roadway 

section of said highway to be encased in concrete at least six (6) inches in thickness 

around said pipe.
111

4.	An easement for the flow of the waters of Las Vegas Creek, along its
natural course across said strip, is hereby reserved by Grantor.

5.	An easement for the operation, maintenance, repair and reconstruction
of fie existing electric power pole line, crossing said strip in the NE 1/4 of the NE 1/4
of said Section 32, as well as the right to construct, maintain, operate and renew
additional facilities such as telephone and power lines, water pipe lines, and railroad
tracks across said strip, are hereby reserved by Grantor.

6.	The fee simple title to any and all coal, oil and other minerals within
or underlying said land, intending thereby any and all inorganic substances (including
oil an natural gas) now know to exist or hereafter discovered upon or beneath the
sur ace, having sufficient value, separated from their situs as a part of the earth,

to be mined, pipe, pumped, quarried, dug/or otherwise removed for their own sake, or their
own specific uses, is hereby excepted from this conveyance and reserved by Grantor, it
being the intention of the Grantor to convey sur ace rights only. And Grantor hereby reserves 

the perpetual and exclusive right to remove andy and all such substances, the earth
and other matter containing same necessary or convenient in the removal thereof: it
being understood, however, that neither Grantor nor their successors, grantees or assigns,
shall have the right to use any of surface of said land and that the mining and removing
of said substances shall be carried on in such a way as not to damage the surface of
said land or to interfere with the use of the surface of said land by the Grantee, its
successors or assigns.

7. Upon the completion of said highway and before the same is opened to the
use of the public, the Grantee with construct a good and substantial fence on each side of
the strip of land hereby granted.

8. In the event the land hereby granted, or any part thereof, shall cease to

be used for highway purposes, or in the event the Second Party shall fail or neglect to at 

all times maintain said highway within the lines of said right of way in good condition
and repair, or shall fail to keep and perform each and every of the conditions herein provided
by it to be kept and performed, then and in that event the title to said land (or such
portion thereof as shall have ceased to be so used or maintain) shall immediately revert
to said First Parties, their successors or assigns, free from the easement hereby granted.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD unto said Second Party and to its successors and assigns,
subject, however, to the terms and conditions herein recited.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties of the First Part have caused this indenture to
be executed by their officers thereunto duly authorized, and their corporate seals to be
affixed, the day and year first above written.

LOS ANGELES AND SALT LAKE RAILROAD COMPANY

ATTEST:

By:	/s/ G. F. Ashby__________________

/s/ Paul Rigdan___________ Vice President

Assistant Secretary

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY

ATTEST:

By:	/s/ G. F. Ashby_________________________

/s/ Paul Rigdan	Vice President

Assistant Secretary

STATE OF NEBRASKA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF DOUGLAS )

On this 25th day of September , 1944, before me, Louis Scholnick________________________,

a Notary Public in and for Douglas County, State of Nebraska, suly authorized to take

acknowledgments in the County of Douglass, personally appeared	G. F. Ashby____________

known to me to be the Vice President, and Paul Rihdon know to me to be the

Assistant	Secretary, of LOS ANGELES AND SALT LAKE RAILROAD COMPANY and UNION PACIFIC

RAILROAD COMPANY, the corporations that executed the within instrument, and known to me
to the persons who executed the within instrument on be half of the corporations herein
named, and acknowledged to me that such corporations executed the same.

IN WITNESS THEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
the day and year in this certificate first above written.

/s/ Louis Scholnick_________________

(SEAL)	Notary Public
112

AGREEMENT

THIS INDENTURE, entered into this 8th_______day of Janauary, 1945. by

and between the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, a Municipal Corporation hereinafter called First
Party, and the HOUSING AUTHORITY OF THE COUNTY OF CLARK, Nevada, agents for the Federal 

Public Housing Authority, hereinafter called the Second Party.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the First Party is, at the present time, making a charge for 

collection of both wet and dry garbage in the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the Kelso-Turner Tract, being operated by the Second Party, is
located in the city limits of the city of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, said Kelso-Turner Tract has one hundred and twenty (120) living
units, of which forty-one (41) units are multiple units containing two (2) or more
living quarters; and seventy-nine (79) of such units are single units containing one
(1) or more livability units, and

WHEREAS, said units have the problem of wet and dry garbage disposal,

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements of
the	parties	hereto, it is mutually understood and agreed as	follows, to wit:

I.	That the First Party	shall pick up all wet and	dry garbage from the

one hundred and twenty (120) units in the Kelso-Turner Tract.

II.	That the monthly charge for said pick-up shall be One Dollar ($1.00)
for each single-unit dwelling in the Kelso-Turner Tract, and one Dollar and Fifty
Cents ($1.50) for each multiple unit.

III.	It is understood and agreed that the Second Party shall have all dry
garbage at one location where the same may be picked up by the First Party.

IV.	It is understood and	agreed by and between the	parties hereto that

both	wet	and	dry garbage shall be	picked up by the party of	the First Part once

each week.

V.	It is further understood and agreed by and between the parties that
this agreement shall be retroactive to October 1, 1944, and shall extend for a period 

of one year and three (3) months from October 1, 1944 to Midnight, December

31, 1945.

IN WITNESS THEREOF we have hereunto set out hands and seals this 8th
day of January, 1945.

HOUSING AUTHORITY OF THE COUNTY

OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA

By /s/ O. A. Kimball ________

Chairman

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

By /s/ E. W. Cragin__________

Mayor

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk

By: /s/ Mildred Mastny

Chief Deputy City Clerk
113

AGGREEMENT

THIS INDENTURE, made and entered into this 6th day of February , 1945,
by and between the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, a Municipal Corporation, hereinafter, sometimes
called Part of the First Part and the County of Clark, a political subdivision of the
State of Nevada, hereinafter sometimes called Party of the Second Part.

WITNESSETH:

	whereas, the County of Clark is anxious to give more adequate fire protection

to the owners of property within the County of Clark where said property may be easily
reached by fire fighting equipment, and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is willing to cooperate with the County of Clark
in giving more adequate fire protection to property interests in the County of Clark
where said property is easily accessible to fire fighting equipment;

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements of the
	parties hereto as hereafter set forth, it is mutally understood and agreed as follows:

1.	That the Party of the Second part pay unto the Party of the First Part
the sum of Two Hundred and Twenty-Five Dollars ($225.00) per month, said Two Hundred
and Twenty-Five Dollars to be in return for the Party of the First Part's furnishing
fire fighting facilities at the times and places hereinafter set forth.

2.	The Party of the First Part agrees to furnish fire fighting equipment

as hereinafter set forth to answer any call in the County of Clark within the following 

described limits:

To all premises or property immediately adjacent to the highway for a

distance of 4_________miles from the intersection of Fifth and Fremont streets on the

Las Vegas-Los Angeles Highway.

3.	It is further understood and agreed that the Party of the First Part
will not, at any time, furnish more than one (1) piece of equipment and one (1) crew
(with at least four men on said crew), to man said equipment at any one time for any
fire outside the City Limits of the City of Las Vegas, and within that area to be
covered as hereinabove mentioned.

It is further understood and agreed by and between the parties that this
contract can be cancelled by either party upon a thirty-day written notice to the
other party to said contract. Said written notice	to be mailed	to	the Clerk of the

City of Las Vegas or Clerk of the County of Clark,	as the case may	be, registered

mail, postage prepaid, with said thirty-day period	to be deemed	as	commencing at

date said agreement is mailed at the United	States	Post Office,	as	shown by the 

cancellation mark thereon.

It is further understood that this contract shall be effective from the 1st
day of January, 1945 and the the first payment will be due on or before the 10th day
of February, 1945, and like payments of $225.00 will be due on the 10th of each and
every month thereafter for the entire period covered by this contract.

It is further understood and agreed that his contract shall be for a period
of one (1) year, commencing the 1st day of January, 1945 and ending on the 31st day
of December, 1945.

IN WITNESS THEREOF we have hereunto set our hands and seals this 6th
day of February__________, 1945.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

By /s/ E. W. Cragin_______

Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk

COUNTY OF CLARK, NEVADA

By /s/ Ira J. Earl________

	Chairman, Board of County

Commissioners.

AtTEST:

Llovd S. Payne

County Clerk
114

AGREEMENT

THIS INDENTURE, entered into this 14th day of June , 1944, by and between 

the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation, hereinafter sometimes designated
as the City, and the Clark County Humane Society, a corporation duly organized and
existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada, sometimes hereinafter
referred to as the Society.

WITNESSETH ------

WHEREAS the City is desirous of placing in the hands or the Society the right
to control the disposition of stray, ill, and otherwise uncared for animals, and

WHEREAS the Society is desirous of having control of said stray, ill, or 

uncared-for animals,

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration the mutual covenants and agreements of the
parties hereinafter set forth, it is mutually understood and agreed as follows, to wit:

1.	The City agrees to underwrite the expenses of the Society including the
salary of the poundmaster, to and including the sum of Two Hundred Twenty Dollars
(220.00) per month, commencing June 1, 1944 and continuing thereafter to and including
December 31, 1944.

2.	The City further agrees to give to the Society for the sum of One Dollar
($l.00) receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, one (1) 1937 Ford truck for use by the
Society in the maintenance and care of the pound.

3.	The City further agrees to give the Society the use of the Land now 

designated as the City of Las Vegas Pound for that period of time from June 1, 1944 to
December 31, 1944 for and in consideration of the payment of Ten Dollars ($10.00) by
said Society, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged.

4.	The City further agrees that the Society give an option to renew this
agreement for one (1) year from January 1, 1945 to December 31, 1945, provided however
the Society must give notice at least thirty (30) days before the expiration of this
agreement, of their intention to exercise the option for renewal of this agreement.

5.	The Society shall have the right to select any person they deem
qualified to act as poundmaster, and the City agrees to deputize the person so 

selected as police officer, provided however that add person so selected and deputized
shall be subject to the authority of the Chief of Police.

6.	The Society agrees to submit all bills or claims up to the sum of Two
Hundred Twenty Dollars ($220.00) per month heretofore underwritten by the City of Las
Vegas for payment by the City of Las Vegas, Said claims are to be submitted by the
Society in the usual form prescribed by the laws of the State of Nevada, and ordinances
of the City of Las Vegas.

7.	The Society further agrees to care for any and all stray, ill or uncared-
for horses in the City Of Las Vegas, giving them the same attention as the Society
provided for other animals.

8.	It is understood and agreed by the City and the Society that any and all
buildings now situated at the present City Pound or hereafter placed there by the
Society shall remain on said property for the use by the City or the Society as an 

animal shelter.

IN WITNESS THEREOF we have hereunto set out hands and seals this 14th
day of June, 1944.

E. W. Cragin_____________

E. W. Cragin, Mayor

ATTEST:

Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

/s/ Bill Burke

President, Clark County Humane
Society

/s/ Mrs. Guy H. Murphy
Secretary, Clark County Humane
Society
115

AGREEMENT

THIS INDENTURE, entered into this 22nd day of March 1945, by and 

between the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation, hereinafter sometimes designated
as the City, and the Clark County Humane Society, corporation duly organized and
existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada, sometimes hereinafter
referred to as the Society.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS the City is desirous of placing in the hands of the Society the
right	to	control	the	disposition	of stray, ill and otherwise uncared-for animals, and

WHEREAS	the	Society is desirous of having control of said stray, ill,	or 

uncared-for animals,

NOW THEREFOR, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements of the
parties hereinafter set forth, it is mutually understood and agreed as follows, to-wit:

1.	The	 City agrees to	pay unto the Society the sum of Three Hundred	Dollars

($300.00) per month,	commencing	January 1, 1945, and continuing thereafter to	and 

including December 31, 1945, provided, however, that the City of Las Vegas may terminate
this agreement by a thirty (30) day written notice addressed to the President of said
Society.

2. The City further agrees to give the Society the use of the land now 

designated as the Las Vegas City Pound for that period of time from January 1, 1945 to 

December 31, 1945, for and in consideration of the payment of Ten Dollars ($10.00) by
said Society, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged.

3.	The Society shall have the right to select any person they deem qualified
to act as poundmaster, and the City agrees to deputize the person so selected as
police officer, provided, however, that said person so selected and deputized shall be
subject to the authority of the Chief of Police.

4.	The Society agrees to submit a monthly claim for the sum of Three Hundred
Dollars ($300.00) per month for payment by the City of Las Vegas, Said claim is to be
submitted by the Society in the usual form prescribed by the laws of the State of Nevada,
and ordinances of the City of Las Vegas, said claim to be signed by the President and
Secretary of the Society.

5.	The Society further agrees to care for any and all stray, ill or uncared-
for horses in the City of Las Vegas, giving them the same attention as the Society
provides for other animals.

6.	It is understood and agreed by the City and the Society that any and all
buildings now situated at the present City Pound or hereafter placed there by the
Society shall remain on said property for the use by the city or the Society as
animal shelters.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF we have hereunto set our hands and seals this 22nd
day of March_______, 1945.

/s/ E. W. Cragin	

		Mayor

ATTEST;

/s/ Mrs. Ernest Amante
President, Clark County Humane

Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk	Society

By: Shirley Dimock____________

Chief Deputy Clerk	/s/ Lois Craig_________________

secretary, Clark County Humane
Society

---ooOoo----

AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT made this 7th day of April in the year Nineteen Hundred and
Forty Four by and between the City of Las Vegas, Nevada and Robert Statnton, A.I.A.
hereinafter called the Architect.

WITNESSETH, t at whereas the Owner intends to erect a City Jail in the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada.

NOW, THEREFORE, the owner and the Architect, for the considerations herein-
after named, agree as follows:

The Architect agrees to perform for the above-named work, professional ser-
vices as stated in Article I of the "Conditions of Agreement between Owner and
Architect" her inafter set forth.

The Owner agrees to pay the Architect the sum of Twenty-Five Hundred Dollars
($2500.00) as his fee of which Sixteen Hundred, Sixty-six Dollars and Sixty-Seven Cents
($l666.67) is to be paid in two (2) equal installments monthly beginning May 1, 1944,
the balance to be paid on final acceptance by the city of Las Vegas, Nevada and pre-
sentation to the Federal Works Agency at Los Angeles, California; and to reimburse the
116

Architect monthly all costs incurred by him in the performance of his duties hereunder
as more fully set forth in the said "Conditions".

The parties hereto further agree to the following conditions:

1.	THE ARCHITECT'S SERVICES. - The Architect's professional services consist
of the necessary conferences, the preparation of preliminary studies, the assistance in
preparation of an application to be presented to the Federal Government for Federal
assistance in connection with the building, a break-down estimate as required by the
Federal Works Agency in the filing of the aforementioned application for Federal
assistance.

2.	THE ARCHITECT'S FEE. The fee payable by the Owner to the Architect for
his personal professional services shall be named elsewhere in this Agreement.

In case of the abandonment or suspension of the work or of any part or
parts thereof, the Architect is to be paid in proportion to the services rendered on
account of it up to the time of its abandonment or suspension.

If additional personal service of the Architect is made necessary as a
result of damage by fire, he shall be equitably paid by the Owner for such extra service.

3.	THE ARCHITECT'S COSTS. The Architect shall maintain an efficient and 

accurate cost-keeping system as to all cost incurred by him, in connection with his travel and
his accounts, at all reasonable times, shall be open to the inspection of the Owner or his
authorized representatives.

The costs referred to in this Article comprise the following items:

(a)	The sums paid for incidental expenses such as costs of transportation or
living incurred by the Architect or his assistants while traveling in discharge of duties
connected with the work.

4.	PAYMENTS. On or about the first day of each month the Architect shall 

present to the Owner a detailed statement of the payment due on account of the fee and the
costs referred to in Article 3 and the Owner shall pay the Architect the amount thereof.

5.	SURVEY, BORINGS AND TESTS. The Owner shall, so far as the work under this

agreement may require, furnish the Architect with the following information:	A complete

and accurate survey of the building site, giving the grades and lines of streets, 

pavements and adjoining properties; the rights, restrictions, easements, boundaries, and
contours of the building site, and full information as to sewer, water, gas and electrical
service. The Owner is to pay for borings or test pits and for chemical, mechanical or other
tests when required.

6.	PRELIMINARY ESTIMATES, When requested to do so the Architect will 

furnish preliminary estimates on the cost of the work but he does not guarantee the accuracy

of such estimates.	

7.	OWNERSHIP OF DOCUMENTS. Drawings and specifications as instruments of 

service are the property of the Architect whether the work for which they are made be 

executed or not, copies will be furnished Owner.

8.	SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNMENTS. The Owner and the Architect, each binds himself
his partners, successors, executors, administrators, and assigns to the other party to this
agreement, and to the partners, successor, executors, administrators and assigns of such
other party in respect of all covenants of this agreement.

Except as above, neither the Owner nor the Architect shall assign, sublet or 

transfer his interest in this agreement without the written consent of the other.

9.	ARBITRATION. All questions in dispute under this agreement shall be 

submitted to arbitration at the choice of either party.

The Owner and the Architect hereby agree to the full performance of the covenants
contained herein.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF they have executed this agreement, the day and year first above

written.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed________ By:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

/s/ Robert Stanton

Architect	—

/s/ R. M. Simonton

Witness

/s/ Claud C. Sargent
Witness
117	

AGREEMENT BETWEEN OWNER AND ARCHITECT

THIS AGREEMENT made the 15th day of January, in the year Nineteen Hundred and Forty-five, 

by and between the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, hereinafter called the Owner, and Robert
Stanton, hereinafter called the Architect.

WITNESSETH, that whereas the Owner intends to erect a Jail in accordance with the preliminary
plans previously prepared by Robert Stanton, Architect, for the Owner and approved by the
Owner.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Owner and the Architect, for the considerations hereinafter
named, agree as follows:

The Architect agrees to perform, for the above-named work, professional services
as hereinafter set forth.

The Owner agrees to pay the Architect for such services a fixed fee of $7,500.00
with other payments and reimbursements as hereinafter provided, the said fixed fee being
hereinafter referred to as the "Basic Rate."

	The parties hereto further agree to the following conditions?	

1.	THE ARCHITECT'S SERVICES — The architect's professional services consist
of the necessary conferences, the preparation of working drawings, specifications, large
scale and full size detail drawings in connections with architectural, mechanical, 

electrical and structural engineering; the drafting of forms of proposals and contracts; the iss-
uance of certificates of payment; the general administration of the business and 

supervision of the work. The Architect will prepare and provide the Owner with twenty (20)
sets of complete working drawings and specifications.

The maximum number of trips from the Architect's office to the site shall not
exceed fifteen trips at the architects expense, made either by the Architect or his 

assistant in performing the above professional services. Any additional trips shall be paid
for by the Owner as set forth in Article 2 of the Agreement.

2.	REIMBURSEMENTS -- The Owner is to reimburse the Architect the cost of 

transportation and living incurred by him and/or his assistant while traveling in discharge of
duties connected with the work for any trip or trips over the above stipulated fifteen
trips. Further, the Architect is to be reimbursed by the Owner for any additional sets over
twenty sets of blue prints and specifications, based upon current commercial prices.

The Owner will reimburse the Architect, if necessary for any expense in connection
with the Cler-of-the works, as set forth in paragraph 3, Article 7, of the Agreement.

3.	SEPARATE CONTRACTS — It is understood by the Owner and the fixed fee of
$7500.00 is based on the Owner letting the work under one contract and is not based on 

segregated contracts. In the event the Owner elects to let the work in segregated contracts,

it is understood that an extra service is thereby required of the Architect in that he must
prepare a separate contract documents for each and every segregated contract so let, and
handle all the business in connections with the various separate contracts that would have
ordinarily been handled on one contract. For any portions of the work let under separate
contracts, on account of extra services thereby required, the rate shall be 30% greater on
that portion of the work let as segregated contracts, and if substantially all the work is so
let, the higher rate, or 30% higher than the $7500.00, shall apply to the entire work,
but there shall be no such increase on any articles not designed by the Architect, but
purchased under his direction.

4.	EXTRA SERVICES AND SPECIAL CASES — If the Architect is caused extra drafting

or other expense due to changes ordered by the Owner, or due to the delinquency or insolvency
of the Owner or Contractor, or as a result of damage by fire, he shall be equitably paid
for such extra expense and the service involved.

Work let on any cost-plus basis shall be the subject of a special charge in accord
with the special service required.

If any work designed or specified by the Architect is abandoned or suspended the
Architect is to be paid for the services rendered on account of it.

5.	PAYMENTS — Payments to the Architect on account of his fee shall be made as
follows, subject to the provisions of Article 4:

From time to time during the execution of work and in proportion to the amount of
service rendered by the Architect, payments shall be made until the aggregate of all 

payments made on account of the fee under this Article but not including any covered by the
provisions of Article 4, shall be a sum equal to the rate or rates of commission arising
from this Agreement.

First Payment:	A payment of $1,000.00 shall be made by the Owner to the 

Architect on or before January 15, 1945, as a retainer.

Second Payment:	When the working drawings are one-quarter completed, a payment

of $500.00 shall be made by the Owner to the Architect.

Third Payment:	When the working drawings are half completed, a payment of

$1,500.00 shall be made by the Owner to the Architect.

Fourth Payment:	When the working drawings are three-quarters completed, a 

payment of $1,000.00 Shall be made by the Owner to the Architect.
118

Fifth Payment: When the working drawings and specifications are completed, a
payment of $l,000.00 shall be made by the Owner to the Architect.

Sixth Payment:	Upon the approval of the working drawings and specifications

by the Owner, a payment of $250.00 shall be made by the Owner to the Architect.

REMAINING PAYMENTS:	The balance of the fee of $2,250.00 shall be paid in six

equal payments of $320.00 a month. The final $320.00 payment shall not become due and
payable until the construction contract is complete and the building accepted by the
Owner.

Payments to the Architect, other than those on his fee, fall due from time to time
as his work is done or as costs are incurred.

No deductions shall be made from the Architect's fee on account of penalty,
liquidated damages, or other sums withheld from payments to contractors.

6.	SURVEY, BORINGS AND TESTS -- The Owner shall so far as the work under this

agreement may require, furnish the Architect with the following information:	A complete

and accurate survey of the building sits, giving the grades and lines of streets, pavements,
and adjoining properties; the rights, restrictions, easements, boundaries, and contours

of the building site, and full information as to sewer, water, gas and electrical service.

The Owner is to pay for borings or test pits and for chemical, mechanical, or other tests
when required.

7.	SUPERVISION OF THE WORK -- The Architect will endeavor to guard the Owner
against defects and deficiencies in the work of contractor, but he does not guarantee the
performance of their contracts. The supervision of an Architect is to be distinguished
from the continuous personal superintendence to be obtained by the employment of a clerk-
of-the-works.

It is understood by the Owner and the Architect that the Owner shall furnish
and pay for a clerk-of-the-works. The clerk-of-the-works shall be responsible to the
Architect and shall carry out the Architect's instructions in detail. He shall further
make daily reports to the Architect as to the progress of the work and he shall make no 

changes in the work without the written permission the the Architect and the Owner.

It is further understood by the Owner and the Architect that in the event the
Federal Works Agency insists that the clerk-of-the-works be paid for by the Architect,
that the Owner will reimburse the Architect for all such expense.

8. ABANDONMENT OR INDEFINITE POSTPONEMENT OF THE PROJECT -- If the Owner, in its
sole discretion, should deem it necessary or desirable to abandon or indefinitely 

postpone the prosecution of the project for which the professional services described in this
Agreement are to be rendered, the Owner may terminate this Agreement by giving the Architect/ 

Engineer written notice of such abandonment or indefinite postponement and of the
termination of this agreement. In the event of such termination, the Owner shall pay to
the Architect/Engineer as full payment for all services performed and all expenses incurred
under this agreement an amount which bears the same ratio to the total fee otherwise 

payable under this Agreement as the services actually rendered hereunder by the Architect/
Engineer bear to the total services necessary for the full performance of this Agreement.

There shall be deducted from such amount, however, all payments theretofore made by the Owner
under this Agreement to the Architect/engineer. In ascertaining the services actually 

rendered hereunder up to both complete work and work in the process of completion and to complete
and incomplete drawings and other documents whether delivered to the Owner or in the 

possession of the Architect/Engineer. Provisions for the payment of the total fee through 

installment payments shall not be controlling in computing the amount payable hereunder upon the
termination of the Agreement.

If upon payment of the amount required to be paid under this paragraph following
the termination of this Agreement, the Owner thereafter should determine to complete the
original project or substantially the same project, the Owner for such purpose shall have the
privilege of:

(a)	Utilizing any and all completed drawings, specifications
estimates and other completed contract documents prepared
under this Agreement by the Architect/Engineer, who shall
make them available to the Owner upon request without 

additional compensation, and

(b)	Requiring the completion by the Architect/Engineer of any

and all partially completed drawings, specifications, 

estimates, and other partially completed contract documents and
the delivery of such documents to the Owner, in consideration
of which the Archtiect/Engineer shall be paid by the Owner an
amount representing the value of the additional services 

performed computed in the same manner as above provided for the
compution of the Architect/Engineer's compensation upon the
termination of this Agreement:	Provided, however, that an

appropriate deduction must be made for any prior compensation 

theretofore received by the Archltect/Engineer for such
partially completed documents.

Termination Upon Architect/Engineer's Defaults. If the Architect/Engineer should
fail to perform any of his obligations hereunder within the time and in the manner herein
provided or otherwise violates any of the terms of this agreement, the Owner may terminate
this agreement by giving the Architect/Engineer written notice of such termination, stating
the reason for such termination. In such event the Archltect/Engineer shall be entitled
to receive as full payment for all services satisfactorily rendered hereunder by the Architect/

Engineer bears to the total services otherwise required to be performed for such total
119	

fee:	Provided, however, that there shall be deducted from such amount all payments 

theretofore received under this agreement by the Architect/engineer and the Amount of damages,
if any, sustained by the Owner by virtue of the breach of this agreement by the Architect/

Engineer.

9.	OWNERSHIP OF DOCUMENTS -- Drawings and specifications as instruments of 

service are the property of the Architect whether the work for which they are made be executed
or not.

10.	SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNMENTS -- The Owner and the Architect, each binds himself,
his partners, successors, executors, administrators and assigns of such other party in
respect of all covenants of this Agreement.

Except as above, neither the Owner nor the Architect shall assign, sublet or 

transfer his interest in this Agreement without the written consent of the other.

11.	ARBITRATION — All questions in dispute under this agreement shall be submitted 

to arbitration at the choice of either party.

The Owner and the Architect hereby agree to the full performance of the covenants
contained herein.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF they have executed this Agreement, the day and year first above

written.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

ATTEST:	/s/ Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk	By /s/ E. w. Cragin

Mayor

/s/G. A. Weldg_____________

Witness	_____/s/ Robert Stanton______________

Architect

---ooOoo---

LICENSE FOR INSTALLATIONS UPON RIGHT-OF-WAY

THIS AGREEMENT, made this 7th day of June, 1944 by and between the CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, a municipal corporation, hereinafter called the "Licensor," and the UNITED STATES
OF AMERICA, hereinafter called the "Government,"

WITNESSETH: THAT, for and in consideration of the sum of One and no/100 Dollars
($1.00) and other good and valuable considerations, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledge, and in consideration of the mutual covenants, promises, and 

agreements herein made, the Licensor hereby grants to the Government a license to construct,
operate, maintain, renew, and remove a access road along, across, beneath, and over the
right-of-way and property of the Licensor and the following location, viz:

That certain land situate in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being
that portion of the Southeast Quarter of Section 33, Township 19 South, Range 62 East,

Mount Diable Base and Meridian, within a strip of land 60 feet in width lying 30 feet on
each side of the following described centerline.

Commencing at the corner common to said Section 33 and Section 34, said Township
and range, and Sections 3 and 4, Township 20 South, Range 62 East, Mount Diable Base and
Meridian; thence South 0°28'47" East along line common to said Sections 3 and 4, 529.34 feet
to an intersection with the centerline of U. S. Highway No. 91 and 93, a public road 150
feet in width; thence South 53°52'42" West along said centerline of Highway 473.40 feet to
an intersection with the Southeasterly prolongation of the centerline of existing road as
built; thence North 48°43'45" West along said prolongation and centerline of said road
281.81 feet to the beginning of a tangent curve concave to the Northeast having a radius of
2000.00 feet; thence Northwesterly along said centerline and along said curve through a
central angle of 24°21'55" an arc distance of 850.46 feet; thence tangent to said curve and
continuing along said centerline of road North 24°21'55" West 2307.74 feet; thence South
69°37'59" West 50.12 feet to the true point of beginning in the Southwesterly Boundary of
the access road; thence South 69°37'59" West 265.02 feet to the point of ending in the
Northeasterly line of the Union Pacific Railroad Company right of way, 100 Feet in width,
the side lines of said strip of land to be prolonged or shortened so as to begin in the
Southwesterly line of the access road, 100 feet in width, and terminate in said Northeasterly
line of Union Pacific Railroad Company right of way which line bears South 26°13'18" East
through said point of ending, containing 0.365 acres, more or less as shown on plat attached
marked Exhibit "A".

in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, as shown on attached sketch marked for use in 

connection with a War Department establishment know as Las Vegas Gunnery School Access Road
and Telephone Line, and upon the following terms, provisions, and conditions;

I.	All installations placed upon said right of way by the Government shall be

and remain the property of the Government and may be removed therefrom by the
Government at any time.
120

II.	The construction, operation, maintenance, renewal, and removal of said 

installations shall be accomplished by the Government at its sole cost and expense and in such a
manner as will at all times enable the Licensor to use the surface of the right of way.

III.	In the event of any future alterations of the property of the Licensor or of
the line or grade of the right of way necessitating changes in said installations, the
Government will make such changes in its installations as may be necessary inconnection
with said alterations.

IV.	The Licensor shall not be liable for damages to property or injuries to 

persons arising from the construction, operation, maintenance, renewal, or removal of said
installations by the Government.

V.	This agreement, with the rights and privileges herein granted, shall be 

subject to cancellation or termination only by mutual agreement of the parties, or in the event
the terms and conditions hereof are not fulfilled, or in the event the Government abandons
the use of the premises for the purpose hereto granted. In either of the latter two events
cancellation may be effected by either party hereto upon thirty (30) days' written notice
to the other; and upon the expiration of said thirty (30) days after service of such notice,
this agreement and the rights and privileges hereby granted, as well a s he obligations hereby 

imposed upon the parties, shall absolutely cease and determine.

VI.	The Government hereby covenants and agrees that, on or before the termination	

of this license, it will remove said installations and the appurtances connected therewith
from the premises to the condition existing at the time of entering upon the same under
this License, reasonable and ordinary wear and tear and damages by the elements or by 

circumstances over which the Government has no control excepted.

VII.	All expenditures to be made by the Government under the provisions of this
agreement shall be subject to appropriations being available for the purpose.

VIII.	No member of or delegate to Congress or resident commissioner shall be 

admitted to any share or part of this agreement or to any benefit to arise therefrom. Nothing
however, herein contained shall be construed to extend to any incorporated company if the
agreement be for the general benefit of such corporation or company.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this agreement to be properly
executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the day and year first above written.

_________CITY OF LAS VEGAS_________________

By:	/s/ E. E. Cragin_______

Its:	Mayor	

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed______

City Clerk

THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

By:	/s/ Leo B. Varty

Captain, Corps of Engineers
Contracting Officer

WITNESSES:

--00(0)00—

LICENSE FOR INSTALLATIONS UPON RIGHT-OF-WAY

THIS AGREEMENT, made this 7th day of June 1944, by and between CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
a Municipal corporation and THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, hereinafter called the "Govern-
ment."

WITNESSETH:	THAT, for and in consideration of the sum of One and no/l00 Dollars

(41.00) and other good and valuable considerations, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, and in consideration of the mutual covenants, promises, and agreements
herein made, the Licensor hereby grants to the Government a license to construct, operate,
maintain, renew, and remove a telephone line along, across, beneath, and over the right-
of-way and property of the Licensor at the following location, viz:

That certain piece or parcel of land situate in the County of Clark, State of Nev-
ada, being a strip of land 10 feet in width, lying 5 feet on each side of the following
described centerline:

Beginning at a point in the Northerly boundary of the Southwest Quarter of the
Southwest Quarter of Section 28, Township 19 South, Range 62 East, Mount Diable Base and
121	]

Meridian, said point bears North 88°23'56" East 470.92 feet and South 6°47'36" East
4049.98 feet from the corner common to Sections 20, 21, 28, and 29 of said township
and range; thence from said point of beginning South 6°47'36" East 1363.71 feet to the
point of ending in the Southerly boundary of said Southwest Quarter of the Southwest
Quarter of said Section 28, the side lines of said strip of be prolonged or shortened
so as to begin in the Northerly boundary and end in the Southerly boundary of said
Southwest Quarter of the Southwest Quarter of Section 28, and containing an area of

0.313 acres, more or less, excepting so much as may lie within the boundaries of the
right of way of the Union Pacific Railroad right of way 100 feet in width.

in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, as shown on attached sketch marked Tract #2, for
	use in connection with a War Department establishment know as Las Vegas Army Gunnery

School Access Road & Telephone Line, and upon the following terms, provisions, and
conditions:

1.	All installations placed upon said right-of-way by the Government shall

be and remain the property of the Government and may be removed therefrom by the 

Government at any time.

II.	The construction, operation, maintenance, renewal and removal of said

	installations shall be accomplished by the Government at its sole cost and expense

and in such a manner as will at all times enable the Licensor to use the surface of the
right-of-way.

III.	In the event of any future alterations of the property of the Licensor or of
the line or grade of the right-of-way necessitating changes in said installations, the
Government will make such changes in its installations as may be necessary in connection
with said alterations.

IV.	The Licensor shall not be liable for damages to property or injuries to
persons arising from the construction, deration, maintenance, renewal or removal of
said installations by the Government.

V.	This agreement, with the rights and privileges herein granted, shall be
subject to cancellation or termination only by mutual agreement of the parties, or in
the event the terms and conditions hereof are not fulfilled, or in the event the 

Government abandons the use of the premises for the purposes herein granted. In either of
the latter tow events, cancellation may be effective by either party hereto upon thirty
(30) days' written notice to the other; and upon the expiration of said thirty (30) days
after service of such notice, this agreement and the rights and privileges hereby granted,
as well as the obligations hereby imposed upon the parties, shall absolutely cease and
determine.

VI.	The Government hereby covenants and agrees that, on or before the termination
of this license, it will remove said installations and the appurtenances connected therewith 

from the premises of the Licensor and restore said premises to the condition existing
at the time of entering upon the same under this license, reasonable and ordinary wear and
tear and damages by the elements or by circumstances over which the Government has no control 

excepted.

VII.	All expenditures to be made by the Government under provisions of this
agreement shall be subject to appropriations being available for the purpose.

VIII.	No Member of or delegate to Congress or resident commissioner shall be
admitted to any share or part of this agreement or to any benefit to arise therefrom.

Nothing, however, herein contained shall be construed to extend to any incorporated
company if the agreement be fore the general benefit of such corporation or company.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this agreement to be pro-
perly executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the day and year first
above written.

_____CITY OF LAS VEGAS________

By:	/s/ E. w. Cragin_________

Its:____Mayor_________________

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed	THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

	City Clerk

By:	/s/ Leo B. Varty

Captain, corps of Engineers
Contracting Officer

WITNESS:

	=
122



LICENSE FOR INSTALLATIONS UPON RIGHT OF WAY

THIS AGREEMENT, made this 24th day of May, 1945, by and between CITY OF LAS VEGAS, a body 

politic and
corporate of State of Nevada, hereinafter called the "Licensor", and THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 

hereinafter
called the "Government", WITNESSETH:

THAT, for and in consideration of the sum of ONE and NO/100 Dollars ($1.00 ) and other good and 

valuable considerations, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and in 

consideration of the
mutual covenants, promises, and agreements herein made, the Licensor hereby grants to the Government a 

license to construct, operate, maintain, renew, and remove an electric pole line and roadway

(Type of installation) 



along, across, beneath, and over the right-of-way and property of the Licensor at the following location,

 viz:

in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, as shown on attached sketch marked Exhibit "A", for 

use in connection with a War Department establishment known as Las Vegas Gunnery School, Las Vegas,

 Nevada, and upon the following

(Name of post, camp, station, etc.)

terms, provisions, and conditions:

I. All installations placed upon said right-of-way by the Government shall be and remain the
property of the Government and may be removed therefrom by the Government at any time.

II. The construction, operation, maintenance, renewal, and removal of said installations shall
be accomplished by the Government at its sole cost and expense and in such a manner as will
at all times enable the Licensor to use the surface of the right-of-way.

III.	In the event of any future alterations of the property of the Licensor or of the line or

grade of the right-of-way necessitating changes in said installations, the Government will
make such changes in its installations as may be necessary in connection with said alterations.

IV.	The Licensor shall not be liable for damages to property or injuries to persons arising
from the construction, operation, maintenance, renewal, or removal of said installations
by the Government.

V.	This agreement, with the rights and privileges herein granted, shall be subject to 

cancellation or termination only by mutual agreement of the parties, or in the event the terms
and conditions hereof are not fulfilled, or in the event the Government abandons the use of
the premises for the purposes herein granted. In either of the latter two events, cancel-
lation may be effected by either party hereto upon thirty (30 ) days' written notice to the
other; and upon the expiration of said thirty (30) days after service of such notice, this
agreement and the rights and privileges hereby granted, as well as the obligations hereby
imposed upon the parties, shall absolutely cease and determine.

VI.	The Government hereby covenants and agrees that, on or before the termination of this license,

it will remove said installations and the appurtenances connected therewith from the premises	

of the Licensor and restore said premises to the condition existing at the time of entering
upon the same under this license, reasonable and ordinary wear and tear and damages by the
elements or by circumstances over which the Government has no control excepted.

VII.	All expenditures to be made by the Government under the provisions of this agreement shall
be subject to appropriations being available for the purpose.



VIII.	No member of or delegate to Congress or resident commissioner shall be admitted to any share
or part of this agreement or to any benefit to arise therefrom. Nothing, however, herein
contained shall be construed to extend to any incorporated company if the agreement be for
the general benefit of such corporation or company.

IX.	The Licensor warrants that he has not employed any person to solicit or secure this license
upon any agreement for a commission, percentage, brokerage, or contingent fee. Breach of
this warranty shall give the Government the right to annul the license, or, in its discretion,

to deduct from the consideration the amount of such commission, percentage, brokerage, or
contingent fees. This warranty shall not apply to commissions payable by Licensors upon
licenses or contracts secured or made through bona fide established commercial or selling
agencies maintained by the Licensor for the purpose of securing business.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this agreement to be properly executed by their duly
authorized representatives as of the day and year first above written.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

By /s/ E. W. Cragin_______________________

by___________________________________________

its_____Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed	

City Clerk

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

by /s/ Harwood Shoemaker _____________

Contracting Officer.

WITNESSES:
123

AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT Made and entered into this 1st day of June, 1945, by and between the City of Las Vegas,
a Municipal Corporation, duly authorized and existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada,
hereinafter called the first party and Cuba Clos and Peter Clos, husband and wife, hereinafter called the second
parties.

WITNESSETH:

That in consideration of the execution of a deed, dated the 1st day of June, 1945, a copy of which is
hereto attached, from the parties of the second part, the party of the first part herein agrees to do or cause to
be done the following, to-wit:

1. At such time as the new additional right-of-way described in the deed hereinabove mentioned is
occupied by the party of the first part, the artesian well belonging to the parties of the second part which is
now located about forty-six (46) feet right or south of Engineers Station "P" 100 / 53, the party of the first
part will connect said artesian well to the pump house	now located on the property of the party of	the	second

part, through adequate pipe in a manhole to be	located	under the sidewalk area.

2.	To construct approach roads to the property of the party of the first part during construction of the

highway at places corresponding to the present	location or places designated by	the parties	of	the	second part.

3.	To remove the existing fences on	the old	right-of-way line and to	reconstruct	on	the	new	right-of-way

line fences at no cost to the parties of the second part.

4. To replace any trees removed during the course of construction in approximately the same relative
position on the property of the party of the second part, said trees to be on the outside of the right-of-way.

IN WITNESSETH WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand this 1st day of June, 1945.

/s/ E. W. Cragin	___

Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

July 6, 1945

HONORABLE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

Gentlemen:

The undersigned, MASTERCRAFT HOMES, INC., a Nevada corporation, hands you herewith for approval,
original plat of Charleston Square Tract 1, Las Vegas, Nevada, and makes to you the following representations:

The undersigned intends to	build at the present	time	thirty-two dwelling houses upon Lots 5 and 6,

in Block 	1, Lots 1 to 19, inclusive,	in Block 2, and Lots	1 to	11, inclusive, in Block 3, as shown upon said

plat.

The cost of constructing each of said dwelling houses is to be financed by First National Bank of
Nevada, Las Vegas, Branch, and said financing will be guaranteed by Federal Housing Administration as to a
portion thereof and by United States Veterans Administration as to a portion thereof. The Plan of financing
has been	worked out and agreed to by	said First National Bank,	and by Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company,

and the following is a general outline of said plan which	will	apply to each individual dwelling house construct-

ed:

(1)	Each person who is qualified for FHA approval, and/or Veterans Administration approval, will first
sign a contract with the undersigned, wherein and whereby such person will agree to purchase the Lot selected by
him after there has been constructed thereon a dwelling according to his selected plans and specifications; such
contract is then submitted to Federal Housing Administration for processing. After the same has been approved by
Federal Housing Administration, it is returned to First National Bank, which then makes its commitment to the
undersigned to furnish the total amount of money necessary to complete the building, together with such building's
share of the streets, curbs, sidewalks, sewers and landscaping. Whereupon,

(2)	The undersigned lets a subcontract to a builder for the construction of the dwelling house; and
also enters into subcontracts for the landscaping, sewers, walks, driveways, sidewalks, curbs, streets, and
pavement, and at the same time the undersigned submits to said Bank an Agreement, attached to which is instructions
to Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company, which Agreement and instructions are hereto attached, marked
Exhibits A-l and A-2, and by reference made a part hereof.

(3) The undersigned will immediately deposit with Las Vegas Land and Water Company the total estimated
cost as estimated by Las Vegas Land and Water Company, for the installation of water mains to supply said houses.

(4) You will notice that in said Exhibit A, it is required by said Bank that the undersigned make a
cash deposit as security for the completion of the sewer, landscaping, walks, driveways, sidewalks, curb and
pavement, in the sum of $425.00 per house, and in addition to said cash deposit certain sums are to be impounded
and held by Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company for the completion of all of said improvements.

The undersigned agrees with you, that in consideration of your approving said plat, the streets, curb,
sidewalks and pavement to serve said thirty-two houses, namely, on Chapman Drive, from Charleston Boulevard to a
line drawn from the southeast comer of Lot 11, Block 3, to the northeast comer of Lot 19, Block 2, and Thelma
Lane, from Chapman Drive to a line drawn from the southeast comer of Lot 6, Block 1, to the northeast comer of
Lot 1, Block 3, will be completed in accordance with the plans and specifications identified as detailed drawing
B-149B, and shall be subject to the approval of your City Manager. Before commencing construction of any dwelling
houses on any of the other Lots shown on said plat, the undersigned will enter into similar agreements with said
Bank and said Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company, and will furnish you assurances for the completion of the
balance of the streets, sidewalks, curbs and paving.
 124

In case the streets, sidewalks, curbs and paving now contemplated to be constructed, are not completed
as herein agreed and within six months after the completion of construction of the last of said thirty-two
dwelling houses, you are authorized to complete the same and have recourse against any and all money held by
said Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company as security therefor, and a duplicate of this Agreement will be
delivered to said Title Company as its instructions therefor.

Respectfully,

MASTERCRAFT HOMES, INC.

A copy of the foregoing has been delivered

to the undersigned, and the undersigned	BY /s/ J. S. Chapman

hereby agrees to abide by the instructions	Its Vice President. 7/6/45

thereof.

PIONEER TITLE INSURANCE & TRUST CO.

BY /s/ M. M. Sweeney_______________

Vice-President

	-----0O0 ——	-

PIONEER TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 9th,

1945

City of Las Vegas
Las Vegas, Nevada

The undersigned, Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company is the owner of all the lots shown on the plat of
Charleston Square I, holding the title thereto in trust for the benefit of Mastercraft Homes, Inc., a Nevada
corporation.

Said Mastercraft Homes, Inc. has entered into an agreement with you dated July 6, 1945 and as supplemented by an
agreement dated July 7, 1945, which agreement and supplement is by reference made a part hereof.

In accordance with said supplement the undersigned does hereby agree that none of the lots 1 to 4 inclusive and

7 to 10 inclusive of block 1 or lots 12 to 24 inclusive of block 3 or lots 20 and 21 of block 2 and none of the

lots in blocks 4, 5 or 6 will be conveyed by the undersigned unless and until Mastercraft Homes, Inc. shall have

let a contract for the construction for the streets, curbs, sidewalks, and paving abutting the above described

lots in accordance with the specifications therefor contained on the detailed plan identified as B-l49-D and

to the satisfaction of your City Manager and shall have secured from such contractor a surety bond in an amount	

equal to the contract price therefor, conditioned for the construction for said streets, curbs, sidewalks and

paving within 6 months from the date of such contract and in accordance with said specifications and in which

bond the City of Las Vegas and Mastercraft Homes, Inc. shall be named as obligees.

PIONEER TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY
By________/s/ M. M. Sweeney______________

—— oOo ----------

MASTERCRAFT HOMES, INC.

P.	0. Box 832
Las Vegas, Nevada

July 7, 1945

The Honorable Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

We hand you herewith the original final map of Charleston Square I which has been approved by the Planning
Commission of the City of Las Vegas and by your City Engineer and we request that the same be approved by you.

In consideration of your approval of said map, the undersigned agrees that the streets, curbs, and sidewalks and
tree planting abutting lots 5 and 6 of block 1, lots 1 to 19 inclusive of block 2, and lots 1 to 11 inclusive of
block 3 will be constructed and paved in strict compliance with the City specifications therefore as contained
on the detail plan identified as B-l49-D and to the satisfaction of your City Manager and that the same will be
completed on or before July 8, 1946.

The undersigned further agrees that said construction work including the paving will be let to a sub con-
tractor duly licensed by the State Contractor's Board and by the City of Las Vegas, and that such contractor
shall be required to furnish a surety bond conditioned for the construction of said streets, curbs, sidewalks,
and paving in an amount equal to the contract price therefore and in which bond the City of Las Vegas and
Mastercraft Homes, Inc. shall be named as obligees.

The title to the land covered by said map is vested in the Pioneer Title Insurance & Trust Co. as trustee
and the undersigned Mastercraft Homes, Inc. is the beneficiary thereof and the undersigned agrees to instruct
said trustee and cause said trustee to make its committment to the City of Las Vegas that none of the other lots
in said subdivision shall be conveyed by it unless and until the undersigned shall have let a contract for
construction of said streets, curbs, sidewalks, and paving in accordance with the plans and specifications here-
inabove specified and shall have secured from such contractor a surety bond in the amount of the contract price
conditioned for the construction thereof, within six months thereafter, and in which the undersigned, the Pioneer
Title Insurance & Trust Co. and the City of Las Vegas shall be named as obligees.
125

The undersigned further covenants and agrees that the monuments specified in said map will be set during
the course of the street construction and will comply with Sec. 5063.26 N.C.L. supp.

This agreement is supplementary to the agreement dated July 6, 1945 between the undersigned and the City
of Vegas but in case of any conflict between that agreement and this supplement, the conflicting terms of
said agreement shall give way to the terms and conditions of this supplement.

Mastercraft Homes, Inc.

By J. S. Chapman /s/____

vice. pres.

EXHIBIT A-l

(See Mastercraft Agreement, dated July 6, 1945, Page 123)

Date____________________

First National Bank of Nevada
Las Vegas, Nevada

re:	House to be built on

Lot___block____

Charleston Square No. I

Owner_________________

Bank escrow No._______

Gentlemen:

It is understood and agreed that Mastercraft homes, Inc. will secure from the sub contractor a surety bond
covering the cost of his work. The surety bond shall be made in the favor of the Mastercraft Homes, Inc.
and the First National Bank of Nevada.

The work to be performed by Mastercraft Homes and the costs are as follows:

Sewer ----------- ------------- -- $100.00

Landscaping - -- -- -- -- -- - 125.00
Walks and drives- --------- -150.00

Sidewalks, curbs, & paving- - ----400.00

TOTAL--------- 775.00

The land is now owned by Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Co. as trustees for Mastercraft Homes, Inc., The
value of the lot is $350.00. The difference between the cost of the lot and $775.00 namely $425.00 will be
deposited as a cash bond in trust with Pioneer Title Ins. & Trust Co., said cash bond of $425.00 shall be
returned to Mastercraft Homes, Inc. in accordance with instruction to said Pioneer Title Ins. and Trust Co.

A copy of which instructions is attached hereto.

All payments from your escrow No.___ to the Mastercraft Homes shall be made jointly to the Pioneer Title

and Trust Company and the Mastercraft Homes to an escrow set up at the Title Company, from which the funds
will be disbursed upon the direction of the Mastercraft Homes and upon the presentation of receipted bills
of the contractors.

Yours very truly,

Mastercraft Homes, Inc.

By____________________

----oOo ---------

EXHIBIT A-2

To Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Co.

Re:	House to be built on

Lot______block___ of

Charleston Square No. 1.

Owner___________________

Bank escrow No._________

We hand you $425.00 as additional guarantee for completion of Landscaping, walks, drives, sidewalks, curbs,
paving and sewer for improvement of above lot, said sum to be held by you during period of construction and
returned to undersigned when all work of improvement is completed in accordance with plans and specifications
of the Federal Housing Administration and approved by Federal Housing Administration and the streets, curbs,
paving, and side walks are completed in accordance with the plans and specifications of the City of Las Vegas
(as shown on detail drawing identified as B-149-D) and approved by the City Manager of said City of Las Vegas,

Nevada and 35 days has expired following recording of Notice of Completion, provided no liens appear of record.

In event any lien for labor and/or material is filed, the amount of such lien shall be satisfied and paid from
said $425.00 and the remainder paid to the undersigned.

Mastercraft Homes, Inc.

By____________________
126

EXHIBIT A-2

Date

The Pioneer Title Ins. & Trust Co.

Las Vegas, Nevada.

re:	Disbursement of funds from

monies received from First
National Bank of Nevada on

Lot___block___of Charleston

Square No. 1.

Purchase price of house_____

Owner_____________________

Sub-contractor______________

Amount of sub-contract______

Gentlemen:

You are requested to disburse the funds received for the improvements on the above described lot in the following
manner:

1st payment - 20% of purchase price ----------

To be paid to the Pioneer Title and Trust
and Mastercraft Homes, Inc. by the First National
Bank of Nevada, same to be paid out by the Title
Co. as follows:

(a)	Pay to_____________, sub-

contractor 20% of contract between
Mastercraft Homes and sub-contractor,
upon release and receipted bills as
per attached requirements.

(b)	Pay to Mastercraft Homes for staking,
rough grading, blue prints, and FHA

appraisal fee. ----- ---- ------ ------- - 56.00

(c)	Pay to Mastercraft Homes for water mains
or impound and pay to the water company

as directed by Mastercraft Homes, Inc. - - -100.00

(d)	Pay to Mastercraft Homes for sewer or
impound and pay to sewer contractor as

directed by Mastercraft Homes, Inc. - - - 100.00

(e) Pay to Mastercraft Homes for misc. cost - - -

(f) Pay to 0. A. Bell for plans & specification - 150.00

TOTAL --------------

2nd payment - 30% of purchase price - ------ ------ - -

To be paid to the Pioneer Title and Trust
and Mastercraft Homes by the First National
Bank of Nevada, same to be paid out by the
Title Co., as follows:

(a)	Pay to ____________, sub-contractor

30% of contract between Mastercraft Homes
and sub-contractor, upon release and re-
ceipted bills as per attached requirements.

(b)	Pay to Mastercraft Homes for paving, curbs,
and walks or impound and pay to paving
contractor as directed by Mastercraft

Homes, Inc. - -	- -- --- -------- ------ 200.00

(c)	Pay to 0. A. Bell for supervision of

land planning ----------------	50.00

(d) Pay to J. S. Chapman for sales- - - - - — - 50.00

(e) Pay to Mastercraft Homes misc. expenses - - -

(f)	Pay to A. E. Tiffany for sales and other

expenses- ------ — - - - - —-------------

(g)	Pay to 0. A. Bell for sales and other

expenses. ------- — ------- -	-------- -

TOTAL-------------------

3rd payment - 20% of purchase price --------------------

To be paid to the Pioneer Title and Trust and
Mastercraft Homes by the First National Bank of
Nevada, same to be paid out by the Title Co. as
follows:

(a)	Pay to ____________, sub-contractor

20% of contractor between Mastercraft Homes
and sub-contractor, upon releases and re-
ceipted bills as per attached requirements.

(b)	Pay to A. E. Tiffany for sales expense and
misc. costs. ----------------

(c)	Pay to 0. A. Bell for sales expense and
misc. costs. ----------------

(d)	Pay to Mastercraft Homes or impound to
be paid out as directed by Mastercraft

Homes for paving, curbs, and walks. - - - - -$200.00

(e)	Pay to Mastercraft Homes or impound to be
paid out as directed by Maztercraft Homes

for walks and drives. - - —-------------150.00

TOTAL --------------------
127

4th payment - 20% of purchase price ------------

To be paid to the Pioneer Title and Trust
and Mastercraft Homes by the First National
Bank of Nevada, same to be paid out by the
Title Co. as follows:

(a)	Pay to____________, sub-contractor

20% of contract between Mastercraft Homes
and sub-contractor, upon releases and re-
ceipted bills as per attached requirements.- -

(b)	Pay to Mastercraft Homes or impound to be
paid as directed by Mastercraft Homes for

lawn and grading. -------------- 125.00

(c) Pay to 0. A. Bell for land development.- - - -

(d) Pay to A. E. Tiffany for land development. - -

(e)	Pay to Mastercraft Homes for misc. expenses. -

(f)	Pay to 0. A. Bell for sales. ---------

(g)	Pay to A. E. Tiffany for sales.- ------ -

TOTAL ----------------------

5th payment - 10% of purchase price - -	---- --- - -

To be paid to the Pioneer Title and Trust and
Mastercraft Homes by the First National Bank
of Nevada, same to be paid out by the Title
Co. as follows:

(a)	Pay to____________, sub-

contractor 10% of contract be-
tween Mastercraft Homes and sub-
contractor, upon complete release
and wavered liens as per attached
requirements.- - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

(b)	Financing and closing charges- - ----- -- 150.00

(c) Pay to J. S. Chapman for sales.- - - - - -	50.00

(d) Pay to Mastercraft Homes Misc. expenses- - - -

TOTAL ---------------------

Yours truly,

Mastercraft Homes, Inc.

By__________________

Addenda to contract dated _________________ to which this is attached.

Addendum No. 1. Sub contractor agrees to furnish a surety bond by an approved surety company. The beneficiaries
under the bond will be the contractor and the loaning agency.

Addendum No. 2. Contractor will set up an escrow with the Pioneer Title and Trust Company whereby the payments
coming to the sub contractor under this contract attached hereto, will be paid to the sub-contractor upon the
presentation to the Title Company of a certificate signed by the authorized representative of the contractor
stating that such payments are due and upon the presentation of receipted bills and releases for labor and
material for each payment as follows:

Payment #1. Receipted bills and releases for rough plumbing, cement, sand, gravel, and certified pay roll.

Payment #2. Receipted bills and releases for lumber, rough hardware, masonry, mill work, roughing in of wiring,
roofing, and certified pay rolls.

Payment #3. Receipted bills and release for finished lumber, portion of painting, heating, and certified pay
roll.

Payment #4. Complete releases for all labor and material from each of the material suppliers and sub-contractors
to-gether with certified payroll, and waivers of liens.

Payment #5. Complete release and waivers of liens.

Mastercraft Homes, Inc.

Contractor.

Sub-contractor.

—— oOo ——

EDWARD L. BURTON CORPORATION
INVESTMENTS
160 Main Street
Salt Lake City 1, Utah

June 22nd, 1945

Honorable Mayor and City Commissioners
Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

You have advised us that you contemplate the issuance of $160,000 of bonds for Swimming Pool purposes and
$l40,000 for the construction of a Police Station and facilities; that you would like us to assist you in
setting up these issues so that they will be attractive in our opinion to prospective purchasers.
128

In this connection it is hereby agreed that we are to be employed by you in an expert advisory capacity;
that we are to set up for you financial and other material in connection with the authorization and sale
of these bonds; that we are to advise with you as to the type of bonds and time when they may be, in our
opinion, sold to advantage.

It is understood that we may associate with us such person or persons, including bond attorneys, as we may
believe particularly fitted to assist us in the carrying out of this agreement.

In consideration of our services you agree to pay us the sun of $800.00 for services rendered in connection
with the Swimming Pool Bonds, and $700.00 for our services in connection with the Police Station bonds. From
the payments made to us we will pay the bond attorneys for their services. We will furnish at our expense
suitable bonds ready for signature by the proper officials.

If the bonds are not sold and delivered, you will be under no obligation to us, and will owe us nothing.

Respectfully submitted,

EDWARD L. BURTON CORPORATION
By /s/ J. A. Burrows________

The above and foregoing offer is hereby accepted for and on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, by
order of the Mayor and City Commissioners thereof in legal session this 22nd day of June, 1945

/s/ E. W. Cragin___________

Mayor

Helen Scott Reed /s/

Clerk


201

CONTRACT

THIS INDENTURE, made this 1st day of March, 1944, by and between the City of Las Vegas,
a municipal corporation duly organized and existing under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of Nevada, hereinafter sometimes referred to as the party of the first part, and
W. T. Stewart, Las Vegas, Nevada, hereinafter sometimes referred to as the party of the
	second part.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is desirous of disposing of all wet garbage picked up
by the City Garbage Department, and whereas, the party of the second part is desirous of
	purchasing all wet garbage collected by the City of Las Vegas.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of a mutual covenance and agreeance of the parties
hereinafter set forth, it is mutually agreed and understood as follows, to-wit:

Paragraph 1. The party of the first part agrees to deliver to the party of the second
part all wet garbage collected by the party of the first part, through its agents, employees,
and officers, said garbage to be delivered to the party of the second part on those premises
commonly known as the Old Ranch, said premises being located on North Fifth Street, in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

Paragraph 2. The party of the first part agrees to deliver all the aforementioned
garbage to the party of the second part for and in consideration of the sum of $125.00 per
month. Said payments are to be paid as follows, to-wit:	$125.00	upon the execution of this

agreement, and a like sum one month from the date of the execution of this agreement with
future payments to be made on the 1st day of each month hereafter.

Paragraph 3. The party of the second part agrees to take all wet garbage delivered
by the party of the first part to the premises known as the Old Ranch on North Main Street,
in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and agrees to pay the sum of
$125.00 per month, the payments to be made as follows, to-wit:	$125.00 upon the execution

of this agreement and the sum of $125.00 on the 1st day of April, 1944, with like sums of
$125.00 due on the 1st day of each and every month thereafter for the full term of this
agreement.

It is mutually understood by and between the parties hereto that this contract shall be
for a term of one (1) year from date of execution.

It is mutually understood and agreed by and between the parties hereto that the party
of the second part shall designate one location on the Old Ranch to which the garbage shall
be delivered, and the party of the first shall be under no obligation to deliver the wet
garbage to any other location, save and except the one so designated by the party of the
second part.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have hereunto set our hand and seal this 1st day of March, 1944.

(S) E. W. Cragin ____________

Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas

ATTEST:

(S) Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

(S) W. T. Stewart
Party of the Second Part


301

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 8th day of February, A.D. 1944, between H. D. GERKIN and DOROTHY
MAE GERKEN, hereinafter called first party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, a body politic, the second party:

WITNESSETH:

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar, lawful
money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to them in hand
paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners, the receipt
whereof is hereby acknowledged, do by these presents grant, bargain, sell, convey, and confirm
unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot, piece, or parcel
of land lying and being in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of the W 1/2
of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of Section 32, T. 20 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B. & M., and more part-
icularly described by metes and bounds as follows, to-wit:

Parcel No. 1:	Beginning at the intersection of the center line of the proposed

state highway at Highway Engineer's Station "P" 67467.44 P.O.C., and the north
boundary line of the W 1/2 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of said Section 32, said
point of beginning being further described as bearing N. 39°2O'10" W. a distance of
848.62 feet from the southeast corner of said Section 32; thence S. 89°46'59" E. along
said north boundary line a distance of 92.12 feet to a point on the northeasterly
75 foot highway right of way line; thence from a tangent bearing S. 36°2O'25" E.
along said right of way line on a curve to the left with a radius of 1425.00 feet
through an angle of 7°19'18" a distance of 182.10 feet to the east boundary line
of the W 1/2 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of said Section 32; thence S. 0°l7'l7"

W. along said east boundary line a distance of 129.24 feet to the northeast corner
of the property of Joe Pascoe; thence N. 89°53'30" W. along the north line of said
property a distance of 82.97 feet to a point on the southwesterly 75 foot highway
right of way line; thence from a tangent which bears N. 44°57'32" W. along said
right of way line on a curve to the right with a radius of 1575.00 feet through an
angle of l2°34'02" a distance of 345.46 feet to a point on the north boundary line
of the W 1/2 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of said Section 32; thence S. 89°46'59"

E. along said north boundary line a distance of 89.97 feet to the point of beginning;
said right of way for highway purposes containing an area of 1.030 acres, more or less.

Parcel No. 2:	Beginning at the southwest corner of the W 1/2 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4

of the SE 1/4 of said Section 32, said point of beginning being further described as
bearing N. 89°53'30" W. along the south boundary line of said section 32 from the
southeast corner of said Section 32 a distance of 663.57 feet; thence N. 0°20'21" E.
along the west boundary line of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of said Section 32 a
distance of 50.00 feet to a point on the northerly 50 foot highway right of way line;
thence S. 89°53'30" E. a distance of 129.08 feet along said northerly right of way
line to a point; thence along a curve to the left with a radius of 953.00 feet
through an angle of l°34'54" a distance of 26.31 feet to a point on the west property
	line of Joe Pascoe; thence S. 6°17'17" W. along said west property line a distance of

50.34 feet to a point on the south boundary line of said Section 32; thence N. 89°53'30"

W. along said south boundary line a distance of 155.43 feet to the point of beginning;
said right of way for highway purposes containing 0.178 of an acre, more or less.

Said right of way in Parcels 1 and 2 contains an area of 1.208 acres, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues
and profits thereof.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed the day
and year herein first above written.

H. D. Gerken

Dorothy Mae Gerken	

STATE OF NEVADA)

	) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK)

On this 8th day of February A.D. one thousand nine hundred and forty-four personally
appeared before me, Richard M. Simonton, a Notary Public in and for the said County of
Clark, State of Nevada, H. D. Gerken and Dorothy Mae Gerken, known to me to be the persons
described in and who executed the foregoing instrument, who acknowledged to me that they
executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my

office in the County of Clark, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

Richard M. Simonton
Notary Public in and for the county
of Clark, State of Nevada.

(SEAL)
302

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 8th day of February, A.D. 1944, between MATILDA R. RUSSELL and
R. R. RUSSELL, hereinafter called first party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, a body politic, the second party:

WITNESSETH:

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar,
larful money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration,
to them in hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city com-
missioners, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do by these presents grant, bargain,
sell, convey, and confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that
, certain lot, piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and being a portion of the E 1/2 of the NW 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of Section 32, T.20S., R. 61 E.
M.D.B.&. M., and more particularly described by metes and bounds as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the intersection of the centerline of the proposed state highway

at Highway Engineer's Station "P" 60-49.91 P.O.C., and the north boundary line of the
E 1/2 of the NW 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of said Section 32, said point of beginning
being further described as bearing N. 30°51'59" W. a distance of 1537.96 feet from
the southeast corner of said Section 32; thence east along said north boundary line
a distance of 75.58 feet to a point on the easterly 75 foot highway right of way line;
thence from a tangent which bears S. 7°ll'53" E. along said right of way line on a
curve to the left with a radius of 1425.00 feet, through an angle of 10°24'27" a
distance of 258.84 feet to a point on the east boundary of the E 1/2 of the NW 1/4 of the
SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of said Section 32; thence S. 0°l6'30" W. along said east boundary a
distance of 363.35 feet to a point on the westerly 75 foot highway right of way
line; thence from a tangent which bears N. 30°17'21" W. along said right of way line
on a curve to the right with a radius of 1575.00 feet through an angle of 23°46'47"
a distance of 653.68 feet to a point on the north boundary of the E 1/2 of the NW 1/4 of the
SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of said Section 32; thence east along said north boundary a distance
of 75.50 feet to the point of beginning; said right of way for highway purposes con-
taining 1.591 acres, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging
or appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues
and profits thereof.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to
its successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed the
day and year herein first above written.

Matilda R. Russell
R. Rob't. Russell

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

On this 8th day of February A.D. one thousand nine hundred and forty-four personally
appeared before mo, Richard M. Simonton, a Notary Public in and for the said County of Clark,
MATILDA R. RUSSELL and R. R. RUSSELL, known to me to be the persons described in and who
executed the foregoing instrument, who acknowledged to me that they executed the same freely
and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my
office in the County of Clark, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

Richard M. Simonton
Notary Public in and for the
County of Clark, State of Nevada.

(SEAL)
DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 8th day of February, A.D. 1944, between JOE PASCOE, herein-
after called first party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of Nevada, a
body politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar,
lawful money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to
him in hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners,
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant, bargain, sell,
convey, and confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain
lot, piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
being a portion of the W 1/2 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of Section 32, T. 20 S., R. 61 E.,
M.D.B.& M., and more particularly described by metes and bounds as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the intersection of the centerline of the proposed state
highway at Highway Engineer's Station "P" 70-89.85 P.O.C., and the east boundary
line of the W 1/2 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of said Section 32; thence S.

0°17'17" along said east boundary line a distance of 23.93 feet to the true
point of beginning, said point of beginning being further described as bearing
N. 40°39'28" W. a distance of 508.33 feet from the southeast corner of said
Section 32; thence continuing along said east boundary line S. 0°17'17" W. a
distance of 76.82 feet to a point on the southwesterly 75 foot highway right of
way line; thence from a tangent which bears N. 49°04' W. along said right of way
line on a curve to the right with a radius of 1575.00 feet through an angle of
4°06'28" a distance of 112.92 feet to a point on the north boundary line of the
property of the undersigned, thence S. 89°53'30" E. along said North boundary line
a distance of 82.97 feet to the point of beginning; said right of way for highway
purposes containing an area of 0.075 of an acre, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues
and profits thereof.

The undersigned covenants and agrees for himself, his heirs, executors, administrators,
successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device, other than
those, not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles produced
or sold by the undersigned, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon the
remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands
in said deed conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the highway right of way
line, measured at right angles to said line; and that no building or permanent structure
shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon said remaining lands and premises now
owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands therein conveyed and within a
distance of twelve (12) feet from the exterior boundary of the highway right of way. This
provision is hereby declared to be a perpetual covenant and shall be construed as a real
covenant attached to and running with the land.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed the
day and year herein first above written.

Joe Pascoe

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

On this 8th day of February A.D. one thousand nine hundred and forty-four personally
appeared before me, Richard M. Simonton, a Notary Public in and for the said County of Clark,

JOE PASCOE, known to me to be the person described in and who executed the foregoing instrument,
who acknowledged to me that he executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and
purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my
office in the County of Clark, the say and year in this certificate first above written.

Richard M. Simonton_________

Notary Public in and for the
County of Clark, State of Nevada.
304

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 2nd day of March, A.D. 1944, between GABRIEL PAHOR, herein-
after called first party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of Nevada, a
body politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH:

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar,
lawful money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to
him in hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners,
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant, bargain, sell, con-
vey, and confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot,
piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and being a portion of Government Lot 3, Section 4, T. 21 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B. & M.,
lying between the present southerly 40 foot right of way line of Charleston Boulevard and a
line parallel with and 10 feet southerly at right angles from said southerly line, extending
from the east boundary line of the property owned by Leo and Harriett Pahor at Highway
Engineer's Station *P* 824804 P.O.T. to the west boundary line of the property owned by Watt
W. and Masie Martin at Highway Engineer's Station "P" 84+20+ P.O.T.; said right of way for
highway purposes containing an area of 0.932 of an acre, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging
or appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainders, rents, issues and profits thereof.

The undersigned covenants and agrees for himself, his heirs, executors, administrators,
successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device, other than those,
not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles produced or sold
by the undersigned, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon the remaining lands
and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands in said deed con-
veyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the highway right of way line, measured
at right angles to said line; and that no building or permanent structure shall be erected,
permitted, or maintained in or upon said remaining lands and premises now owned by the under-
signed, immediately adjoining the lands therein conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12)
feet from the exterior boundary of the Highway right of way. This provision is hereby declared
to be a perpetual covenant and shall be construed as a real covenant attached to and running
with the land.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said permises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed the day
and year herein first above written.

Gabriel Pahor

STATE OF NEVADA)

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK)	RMS

four/

On this 2nd day of March A.D. one thousand	nine	hundred and	forty-three	personally

appeared before me, Richard M. Simonton, a Notary Public in and for	the said County of Clark,

GABRIEL PAHOR, known to me to be the person described in and who executed the foregoing instru-
ment, who acknowledged to me that he executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses
and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my	hand	and affixed	my official	seal at my

office	in the County of Clark, the day and year in	this	certificate	first above	written.

Richard M. Simonton______

Notary Public in and for
the County of Clark, State
Of Nevada.

(SEAL)
305

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 6th day of March, A.D. 1944, between LEO PAHOR AND HARRIETT
PAHOR, hereinafter called first parties, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, a body politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH:

That the first parties, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar, lawful
money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to them in hand
paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners, the receipt
whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant, bargain, sell, convey, and confirm
unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot, piece, or parcel
of land lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a
portion of Government Lot 3, Section 4, T. 21 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B. & M., lying between the present
southerly 40 foot right of way line of Charleston Boulevard and a line parallel with and 10 feet
southerly at right angles from said southerly line, extending from the east boundary line of the
property owned by divert Hefner at Highway Engineer's Station "P" 81+40+ P.O.C. to the west
boundary line of the property owned by Gabriel Pahor at Highway Engineer's Station "P" 82+80+

P.O.T.; said right of way for highway purposes containing an area of 0.032 of an acre, more or
leas.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues and profits
thereof.

The undersigned covenant and agree for themselves, their heirs, executors, administrators,
successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device, other than those,
not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles produced or sold by the
undersigned, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon the remaining lands and premises
now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands in said deed conveyed and within a
distance of twelve (12) feet from the highway right of way line, measured at right angles to
said line; and that no building or permanent structure shall be erected, permitted, or maintained
in or upon said remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining
the lands therein conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the exterior boundary
of the highway right of way. This provision is hereby declared to be a perpetual covenant and
shall be construed as a real covenant attached to and running with the land.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first parties have caused this instrument to be executed the
day and year herein first above written.

Harriett Pahor
Leo Pahor

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

On this 6th day of March, A.D. one thousand nine hundred and forty-four personally appeared
before me, Richard M. Simonton, a Notary Public in and for the said County of Clark, LEO PAHOR and
HARRIETT PAHOR, known to me to be the persons described in and who executed the foregoing instrument,
who acknowledged to me that they executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and
purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my office
in the County of Clark, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

Richard M. Simonton

Notary Public in and for the C

County of Clark, State of Nevada

(SEAL)
306

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 3rd day of March, A.D. 1944, between FLORENCE LEE JONES,
hereinafter called first party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
a body politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH:

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar, lawful
money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to her in	

hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners, the
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant, bargain, sell, convey,
and confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot, piece,
or parcel of land lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,	

and being a portion of the SE 1/4 of the SW 1/4 of Section 33, T. 20 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B. & M.,
lying between the present northerly 40 foot right of way line of Charleston Boulevard and a
line parallel with and 10 feet northerly at right angles from said northerly line, extending
from the east boundary line of the property owned by Clifford Jones et ux at Highway Engineer's
Station "P" .96-30- P.O.T., to the west boundary line of the property owned by J. S. and Ada L.

Bearden at Highway Engineer's Station "P" 98-35- P.O.T.; said right of way for highway purposes
containing an area of 0.047 of an acre, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues and
profits thereof.

The undersigned covenants and agrees for herself, her heirs, executors, administrators,
successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device, other than those,

	not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles produced or sold by	

the undersigned, shall be Erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon the remaining lands and
premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands in said deed conveyed and
within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the highway right of way line, measured at right
angles to said line; and that no building or permanent structure shall be erected, permitted,
or maintained in or upon said remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, imm-
ediately adjoining the lands therein conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from
the exterior boundary of the highway right of way. This provision is hereby declared to be
a perpetual covenant and shall be construed as a real covenant attached to and running with the
land.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed the
day and year herein first above written.

Florence Lae Jones__________

STATE OF NEVADA)

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK)

On this 3rd day of March, A.D. one thousand nine hundred and forty-four personally
appeared before me, Richard M. Simonton, a Notary Public in and for the said County of Clark,	

FLORENCE LEE JONES, known to me to be the person described in and who executed the foregoing
instrument, who acknowledged to me that she executed the same freely and voluntarily and for
the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my
office in the County of Clark, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

Richard M. Simonton_________

Notary Public in and for the
County of Clark, State of
Nevada.

(SEAL)

-----0O0--—-
307

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this fifteenth day of January A.D. 1944, between JAMES L. FILBEY,
hereinafter called first party, and the City of LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
a body politic, the second party:

WITNESSETH

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar, lawful
money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to him in
hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners, the
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant, bargain, sell, convey,
and confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot,
piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a
portion of the NE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of Section 32, T. 20 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B. & M., and more
particularly described by metes and bounds as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the intersection of the centerline of the proposed state highway at
Highway Engineer's Station "P" 47+29.12 P.O.T., and the north boundary line of the
SE 1/4 of said Section 32; said point of beginning further described as bearing west
a distance of 789.37 feet from the east one quarter corner of said Section 32;
thence east along the north boundary line of the SE 1/4 of said Section 32 a distance
of 63.82 feet to a point on the east highway right of way line; thence S. 0°37'22"W.
along said right of way line a distance of 1111.80 feet to a point; thence continu-
ing along said right of way line from a tangent which bears S. 1°12'W. on a curve to
the left whose radius is 1425.00 feet through an angle of 8°23'53" a distance of
208.87 feet to a point on the south boundary line of the NE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of said 

Section 32; thence west along said boundary line a distance of 151.08 feet to a point
on the west highway right of way line; thence along said right of way line from a
tangent which bears N. 6°30'34"W. on a curve to the right whose radius is 1575.00
through an angle of 7°42'34" a distance of 211.92 feet to a point; thence N.

0°37'22"E. along said right of way line a distance of 1108.66 feet to a point on the
north boundary line of the SE 1/4 of said Section 32; thence east along said boundary
line a distance of 86.19 feet to the point of beginning; said right of way for
public highway containing 4.547 acres, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues and
profits thereof.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed the
day and year herein first above written.

S) James L. Filbey_____

STATE OF NEVADA )

)ss.

County of Clark )

On this 15th day of January A.D. one thousand nine hundred and forty-four, personally
appeared before me, Dale B. Pruett, a Notary Public in and for the said County of Clerk,

JAMES L. FILBEY, known to me to be the person described in and who executed the foregoing
instrument, who acknowledged to me that he executed the same freely and voluntarily and for
the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my
office in the County of Clark, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

(S) Dale B. Pruett_______

Notary Public for the County
of Ormsby, State of Nevada
308

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 24th day of November A.D. 1943, between the COUNTY OF CLARK,
a body politic of the State of Nevada, acting by and through its Board of County Commissioners
thereunto duly authorized, hereinafter called first party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, a body politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar, lawful
money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to it in
hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners, the
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant, bargain, sell, convey,
and confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot,
piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being
a portion of the S 1/2 of the SE 1/4 of the SW 1/4 of the SW 1/4 of Section 33, T. 20 S., R. 61 E., M.D.

B. & M., and more particularly described by metes and bounds as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at a point on the south boundary line of Section 33, T. 20 S., R. 61 E.,
M.D.B. & M., at Highway Engineer's Station "P" 87+41.36 P.O.T., said point of begin-
ning further described as bearing S. 89°55'30" E a distance of 1213.40 feet from the
south west corner of said Section 33, thence N.0°12'43" E. a distance of 50.00 feet
to a point; thence S. 89°53'30" E. a distance of 110.00 feet to a point on the east
boundary of the SW 1/4 of the SW 1/4 of said Section 33; thence S.0°12'43" W. along said
boundary line a distance of 50.00 feet to the south east corner of the SW 1/4 of the
SW 1/4 of said Section 33; thence N. 89°55'30" W. along the south boundary of said
Section 33 a distance of 110.00 feet to the point of beginning; said right of way for
public highway containing an area of 0.126 acres, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues and
profits thereof.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this Instrument to be executed the day
and year herein first above written.

COUNTY OF CLARK, by and through its
Board of County Commissioners

(S) James H. Down
Chairman

(S) Ira J. Earl
Member

(S) Rodney Colton
Member

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

County of Clark )

On this 24th day of November A.D. one thousand nine hundred and forty-three, personally
appeared before me, Lloyd S. Payne, County Clerk and Ex-Officio Clerk of the Eighth Judicial
District Court, Clark County, Nevada, James H. Down, known to me to be the Chairman of the
county that executed the foregoing instrument, and upon oath did depose that he is the
officer of said county as above designated; that he is acquainted with the seal of said
county, and that the seal affixed to said instrument is the seal of said county; that the
signatures to said Instrument were made by the officers of said county as Indicated after
said signatures, and that the said county executed the said Instrument freely and 

voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day
and year in this certificate first above written.

(S) Lloyd S. Payne

County Clerk and Ex-Officio Clerk of
the Eighth Judicial District Court,
Clark County, Nevada
309

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 27th day of November A.D. 1943, between LOUIS V. LOHMAN,
hereinafter called first party, and the COUNTY OF CLARK, State of Nevada, a body politic,
the second party;

WITNESSETH

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar,
lawful money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration,
to him in hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its county
commissioners, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents release,
remise and forever quitclaim unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all
that certain lot, piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and being a portion of Government Lot 4 of Section 1, T. 21 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B.

& M., lying between the southerly line of Charleston Boulevard as conveyed to said City
by deed recorded in Book 22 of deeds at Page 132, Records of said County, and a line
parallel with and 10 feet southerly at right angles from said southerly line, extending
from the west line of said Section 1 at Highway Engineer's Station "E" 208+92+ P.O.T.
to the west line of Euclid Avenue as the same is shown and delineated on map of Fisher's
Fremont Street-Boulder Bam Highway First Subdivision, filed in Book 2 of Plats of Page 9,

Records of said County, at Highway Engineer's Station "E" 215+46+ P.O.T.; said right of
way for highway purposes containing an area of 0.150 of an acre, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues
and profits thereof.

The undersigned covenants and agrees for himself, his heirs, executors, administrators,
successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device, other than
those, not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles produced
or sold by the undersigned, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon the
remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands
in said deed conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the highway right of
way line, measured at right angles to said line; and that no building or permanent 

structure, other than those now existing, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon
said remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the
lands therein conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the exterior boundary
of the highway right of way. This provision is hereby declared to be a perpetual covenant
and shall be construed as a real covenant attached to and running with the land.	

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed the
day and year herein first above written.

S( Louis V. Lohman__________

STATE OF MISSOURI )

) S3.

County of Cole )

On this 30th day of November A.D. one thousand nine hundred and forty-three personally
appeared before me, Nora O'Neal, a Notary Public in and for the said County of Cole,

LOUIS V. LOHMAN, known to me to be the person described in and who executed the foregoing
instrument, who acknowledged to me that he executed the same freely and voluntarily and
for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my
office in the County of Cole, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

S) Nora O'Neal___________________

Notary Public in and for the County
of Cole, State of Missouri.
310

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 3rd day of November, A. D. 1943, between SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER
COMPANY, hereinafter called First Party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, a body politic, the Second Party;

WITNESSETH:

That the First Party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($l.OO) Dollar, lawful
money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to it in
hand paid for and on behalf of the Second Party by and through its city commissioners, the
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant, bargain, sell, convey,
and confirm unto the said Second Party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot,
piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being
a portion of the NE 1/4 of the NW 1/4 of Section 2, T. 21 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B.&M., in the City of
Los Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, lying between the southerly line of Charleston
Boulevard as conveyed to the City of Las Vegas by deed recorded in Book 22 of Deeds at page
132, Records of said County, and a line parallel with and 10 feet southerly at right angles
from said southerly line and extending from Highway Engineer's Station "E" 181+45.00 to
"E" 182+45.00; said right of way for highway purposes containing an area of .023 of an acre,
more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, Issues and
profits thereof.

The undersigned company covenants and agrees for Itself, its heirs, executors, 

administrators, successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device, other
than those, not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles produced
or sold by the undersigned company, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon the
remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned company, immediately adjoining the
lands in said deed conveyed and within a	distance of	twelve (12) feet from	the highway	right

of way line, measured at right angles to	said line;	and that no building or permanent

structure shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon said remaining lands and
premises now owned by the undersigned company, immediately adjoining the lands therein 

conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the exterior boundary of the highway
right of way. This provision is hereby declared to be a perpetual covenant and shall be
construed as a real covenant attached to	and running	with the land.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises	unto the said Party of the Second	Part and to	its

successors and assigns forever.

RESERVING to said First Party, however, anything to the contrary herein notwithstanding,
a right of way and easement for a pole line and transmission line along the parcel of land
hereby conveyed, as the same now exists, together with all poles and wires and the fixtures,
appurtenances and appliances connected therewith, and the guy wires and anchors therefor,
with the right at all times hereafter, to renew, repair and maintain the same; with the
further right reserved to enter into and upon the parcel hereby conveyed for the purpose of
installing and thereafter repairing and maintaining, poles and frames for switches, 

transformers and other electrical appliances.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the said First Party has caused this instrument to be executed the
day and year herein first above written.

SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER COMPANY

BY	____________________

President.

BY	(S) S. J. Lawson

Vice President.

BY	(S) L. Ronnow_____________

Asst. Secretary.

STATE OF NEVADA)

)SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK)

On this 3rd day of November, 1943, personally appeared before me, Dalton H. Buck, a Notary
Public in and for Clark County, S. J. Lawson, known to me to be the Vice President of the
corporation that executed the foregoing instrument, and upon oath, did depose that he is the
officer of said corporation as above designated; that he is acquainted with the seal of said
corporation and that the seal affixed to said instrument is the corporate seal of said 

corporation; that the signatures to said instrument were made by officers of said corporation
as indicated after said signatures; and that the said corporation executed the said 

instrument freely and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day and
year in this certificate first above written.

(S) Dalton H. Buck	_______

Notary Public in and for the
County of Clark, State of Nevada.
311

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 2lst day of October A.D. 1943, between MURRAY WOLLMAN,
hereinafter called first party and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
a body politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar,
lawful money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration,
to him in hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city comm-
issioners, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant,
bargain, sell, convey, and confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever,
all that certain lot, piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and being a portion of Lots 12 to 15 inclusive, and Lots 24 to 28
inclusive in Blck 26 and Lots 5 to 7 inclusive and 9 to 11 Inclusive of Block 27 of the
Pioneer Heights Addition in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, filed
in Book A of Plats, Records of said County, lying between the northerly line of Charleston
Boulevard as conveyed to the City of Las Vegas by deed recorded in Book 22 of Deeds at
Page 131, Instrument No. 57919, and a line parallel with and 10 feet northerly at right
angles from said northerly line, and extending from State Highway Engineer's Station "E"

163+14 more or less; said right of way for highway purposes containing an area of 0.143
of an acre, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues
and profits thereof.

The undersigned covenants and agrees for himself, his heairs, executors, administrators, 

successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device,
other than those, not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles 

produced or sold by the undersigned, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in
or upon the remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, Immediately adjoining 

the lands in said deed conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the
highway right of way line, measured at right angles to said line; and that no building or
permanent structure shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon said remaining
lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands therein
conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the exterior boundary of the
highway right of way. This provision is hereby declared to be a perpetual covenant and
shall be construed as a real covenant attached to and running with the land.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed the
day and year herein first above written.

(S) Murray Wollman
(S) Agnes Tollman

STATE OF NEVADA)

) ss.

County of Clark)

On this 21st day of October A.D. one thousand nine hundred and forty-three personally
appeared before me, Dale B. Pruett, a Notary Public in and for the said County of Clark,

MURRAY WOLLMAN, known to me to be the person described in and who executed the foregoing
instrument, who acknowledged to me that he executed the same freely and voluntarily and
for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my
office in the County of Clark, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

Dale B. Pruett_________

Notary Public in and for the County
of Ormsby, State of Nevada
312

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 18th day of October A.D. 1943, between M. M. SWEENEY, 

hereinafter called first party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of Nevada, a body
politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH:

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($l.00) Dollar, lawful
money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to him in
hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners, the
receipt whereof la hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant, bargain, sell, convey,
and confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot,
piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being
a portion of the SW 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of Section 35, T. 20 S., R. 61 E., MD.B. & M.,
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, lying between the northerly line of
Charleston Boulevard as conveyed to the City of Las Vegas by deed recorded in Book 22 of Deeds,
Page 134, Records of said Clark County, and a line parallel with and 10 feet northerly at right
angles to said northerly line and extending from Highway Engineer's Station "E" 203+90+ to
"E" 204+50+; said right of way for highway purposes containing an area of .014 of an acre,
more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues and
profits thereof.

The undersigned covenants and agrees for himself, his heirs, executors, administrators,
successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device, other than
those, not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles produced or
sold by the undersigned, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon the remaining
lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands in said
deed conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the highway right of way line,
measured at right angles to said line; and that no building or permanent structure shall be
erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon said remaining lands and premises now owned by
the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands therein conveyed and within a distance of
twelve (12) feet from the exterior boundary of the highway right of way. This provision la
hereby declared to be a perpetual covenant and shall be construed as a real covenant attached
to and running with the land.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed the day
and year herein first above written.

(S) M. M. Sweeney

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

County of Clark )

On this 18th day of October A.D* one thousand nine hundred and forty-three personally
appeared before me, J. E. McManis, a Notary Public in and for the said County of Clark,

M. M. Sweeney, known to me to be the person described in and who executed the foregoing
instrument, who acknowledged to me that he executed the same freely and voluntarily and for
the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my
office in the County of Clark, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

(S) J. E. McManis	_____

Notary Public in and For the
County of Clark, State of Nevada.
313

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 24th day of November A.D. 1943, between J. C. FISHER & CO., INC.
hereinafter called first party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
a body politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH:

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar, lawful
money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to it in
hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners, the
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents release, remise and forever
quit claim unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot,
piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being
a portion of Lots 1 and 2 of the NE 1/4 and lot 3 of the NW 1/4 of Section 2, T. 21 S., R. 61 E.,

M.D.B. & M., in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, lying between the
southerly line of Charleston Boulevard as conveyed to the City of Las Vegas by Deed recorded
in Book 22 of Deeds at Page 132, Records of said County, and a line parallel with and 50
feet southerly at right angles from said southerly line and extending from the west line of
Lot 3 of the NW 1/4 of Said Section 2, at State Highway Engineer's Station "E" 169+09 more or
less to the west line of the 100 foot right of way of the Southern Nevada Power Company
property at State Highway Engineer's Station "E" 181+45 more or less, and from the west line
of the NE 1/4 of said Section 2 at State Highway Engineer's Station "E" 182+45 more or less to
the east line of said Section 2 at State Highway Engineer's Station "E" 208+92 more or less,
and that portion of Lot 4 of the W 1/2 the NW 1/4 of Section 1, T. 21 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B. & M.,

Clark County, Nevada, lying between the southerly line of Charleston Boulevard as conveyed
to said City by deed recorded in Book 22 of Deeds at page 132, Records of said County, and a
line parallel with and 10 feet southerly at right angles from said southerly line, extending
from the west line of said Section 1 at State Highway Engineer's Station "E" 208+92 more
or less to the west line of Euclid Avenue at State Highway Engineer's Station "E" 215+46 more
or less as the same is shown and delineated on map of Fisher's Fremont Street, Boulder Dam
Highway First Subdivision, filed in Book 2 of Plate at Page 9, Records of said County; said
right of way for highway purposes containing an area of 4.607 of an acre, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues and
profits thereof.

The undersigned company covenants and agrees for Itself, its heirs, executors, administrators, 

successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device, other
than those, not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles produced
or sold by the undersigned company, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon
the remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned company, immediately adjoining
the lands in said deed conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the highway
right of way line, measured at right angles to said line; and that no building or permanent
structure, other than those now existing, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon
said remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned company, immediately adjoining
the lands herein conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the exterior boundary
of the highway right of way. This provision is hereby declared to be a perpetual covenant
and shall be construed as a real covenant attached to and running with the land.
314

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed and the
day and year herein first above written.

J. C. FISHER & CO., INC.

By: (S) J. C. Fisher________

President

By:	X XX XX___________

Vice President

By: (S) S. A. Fisher
Secretary

STATE OF CALIFORNIA )

) as.

County of Los Angeles )

On this 24th day of November A.D. 1943, personally appeared before me, Gertrude Bedwell,
a Notary Public in and for Los Angeles County, J. C. Fisher and S. A. Fisher, known to mo
to be the President and Secretary of the corporation that executed the foregoing instrument,
and upon oath, did depose that he is the officer of the said corporation as above designated;
that he is acquainted with the seal of said corporation and that the seal affixed to said
instrument is the corporate seal of said corporation; that the signatures to said instrument
were made by officers of said corporation as indicated after said signatures; and that the
said corporation executed the said instrument freely and voluntarily and for the purposes
therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day
and year in this certificate first above written.

(S) Gertrude Bedwell

Notary Public in and For the County

of Los Angeles, State of California
315

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 27th day of November A.D. 1943, between Louis V. Lohman,

Amelia L. Lohman, Ira H. Lohman, Ida May Lohman, Margaret Lohman Robnett, D. B. Robnett,

Sylvester M. Lohman and Virginia Lohman, hereinafter called the first parties, and the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, a body politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH

That the first parties, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar,
lawful money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration,
to them in hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its City 

Commissioners, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do by these presents release, remise
and forever quit claim unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that
certain lot, piece or parcel of land lying and being in the City of Las Vegas and the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of Government Lots 1 and 2 of the
NE 1/4 and Lot 3 of the NW 1/4, all in Section 2, T. 21 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B.& M., lying between
the southerly line of Charleston Boulevard, as conveyed to the City of Las Vegas by Deed
and recorded in Book 22 of Deeds, Page 132, Records of said County, and a line parallel
with and fifty (50.00) feet southerly and at right angles from said line and extending from
the west line of Lot 3 of the NW 1/4 of said section 2 opposite Highway Engineer's Station
"E"169+09+ to the west line of the 100 foot right of way of the Southern Nevada Power
Company property opposite Highway Engineer's Station "E"181+45+; and from the west line
said Lot 2 opposite Highway Engineer's Station "E"182+454 to the east line of said Section
2 opposite Highway Engineer's Station "E"208+92+; said right of way for Highway purposes
containing an area of 4.457 of an acre, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues and
profits thereof.

The undersigned covenant and agree for themselves, their heirs, executors, administrators, 

successors and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device, other
than those, not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles
produced or sold by the undersigned, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon
the remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the
lands in said deed conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the highway
right of way line, measured at right angles to said line; and that no building or permanent
structure shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon said remaining lands and
premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands therein conveyed
and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the exterior boundary of the highway right
of way. This provision is hereby declared to be a perpetual covenant and shall be construed
as a real covenant attached to and running with the land.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first parties have caused this instrument to be executed the
day and year herein first above written.

(S) Louis V. Lohman___________

(S) Amelia L. Lohman____	___

(S) Ira H. Lohman_____________

(S) Ida May Lohman____________

(S) Sylvester M. Lohman_______

(S) Virginia Lohman___________
316

(S) Margaret Lohman Robnett
(S) D. B. Robnett____________

STATE OF MISSOURI )

) ss.

County of Cole )

On this 30th day of November A.D. one thousand nine hundred and forty-three personally
appeared before me, Nora O'Neal, a Notary Public in and for the said County of Cole, State of
Missouri, Louis V. Lohman, Amelia L. Lohman, Ira H. Lohman and Ida May Lohman known to me to
be the persons described in and who executed the foregoing instrument, who acknowledged to me
that they executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein
mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my office
in the County of Cole, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

(S) Nora O'Neal_______________

Notary Public in and For the
County of Cole, State of Missouri.

My commission expires November 27th, 1946.

STATE OF MISSOURI )

) ss.

County of Cole )

On this 30th day of November, 1943, personally appeared before me, Nora O'Neal, a Notary
Public in and for the said County of Cole, State of Missouri, Margaret Lohman Robnett,

D. B. Robnett, Sylvester M. Lohman and Virginia Lohman, known to me to be the persons
described in and who executed the foregoing instrument, and acknowledged that they executed
the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my
office in the County of Cole, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

(S) Nora O'Neal
Notary Public in and for the
County of Cole, State of Missouri.

My commission expires November 27th, 1946.
317

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 5th day of January A.D. 1944, between the COUNTY OF CLARK,
a body politic of the State of Nevada, acting by and through its Board of County Commissioners 

thereunto duly authorized, hereinafter called first party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, a body politic, the second party;

	WITNESSETH:

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar, lawful
money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to it in
hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners, the
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant, bargain, sell, convey,
and confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot,
piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being
a portion of the S 1/2 of the SE 1/4 of the SW 1/4 of the SW 1/4 of Section 33, T. 20 S., R. 61 E.,

M.D.B.&M., and more particularly described by metes and bounds as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at a point on the south boundary line of Section 33, T. 20 S., R. 61 E.

M.	D.B.&M., said point of beginning further described as bearing S. 89°53'30" E.
a distance of 662.20 feet from the southwest corner of said Section 33; thence

N.	0°12'43" E. along the east boundary line of Rose Street of the Woodland Park
Subdivision a distance of 58.00 feet to a point on the new Highway right of way
line, thence S. 86°05'E. along said right of way line a distance of 120.56 feet
to a point: thence S. 89°53'30" E. a distance of 431.89 feet to a point; thence
s. 0°12'43" W., a distance of 50.00 feet to a point of the south boundary line
of said section 33 at Highway Engineer's Station "P"87+41.36 P.O.T.; thence N.

89°53'30" W. along said boundary line a distance of 441.20 feet to the point of
beginning; said right of way for public highway containing an area of 0.643 acres,
more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues
and profits thereof.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed the
day and year herein first above written.

COUNTY OF CLARK, by and through
its Board of County Commissioners.

(S) James H. Down

-	chairman 

(S) Ira J. Earl  Member

(S) Rodney Colton
Member

STATE OF NEVADA )

)ss.

County of Clark )

On this 5th day of January, A.D. one thousand nine hundred and forty-four, personally
appeared before me, Lloyd S. Payne, County Clerk and Ex-Officio Clerk of the Eighth Judicial
District Court, Clark County, Nevada, James H. Down, known to me to be the Chairman of the
county that executed the foregoing instrument, and upon oath did depose that he is the
officer of said county as above designated; that he is acquainted with the seal of said
county, and that the seal affixed to said instrument is the seal of said county; that the
signatures to said instrument were made by the officers of said county as indicated after
said signatures, and that the said county executed the said instrument freely and voluntarily
and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day
and year in this certificate first above written.

(S) Lloyd S. Payne

County Clerk and Ex-Officio Clerk of the

Eighth Judicial District Court,

Clark, County, Nevada
318

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 29th day of December A.D. 1943, between WILLIAM E. ELLIS,
hereinafter called first party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, a body politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH:

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar,
lawful money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration,
to him in hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners, 

the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant,
bargain, sell, convey, and confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, 

all that certain lot, piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of Government Lots 2 and
3 of Section 4, T. 21 S. R. 61 E., M.D.B.&M., and more particularly described by metes
and bounds as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the most westerly corner of the property of the undersigned at a point
on the southerly boundary line of Charleston Boulevard, said point being forty
feet south of and at right angles to Highway Engineer's Station "P"85/60.43 P.O.T.;
thence south 89°53'30" east along the southerly boundary of Charleston Boulevard,
a distance of 1405.00 feet of the northeast corner of the property of the under-
signed; thence south 0°6'30" west along the easterly boundary of the property of
the undersigned a distance of 10.00 feet to a point on the new southerly right
of way line of Charleston Boulevard; thence north 89°53'30" west a distance of
1405.00 feet to a point on the westerly boundary line of the property of the undersigned; 

thence north 0°6'30" east, a distance of 10 feet to the point of beginning; 

said right of way for highway purposes containing 0.329 acres, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging

or appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues

and profits thereof.

The undersigned covenants and agrees for himself, his heirs, executors, adminis-
trators, successors and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device,
other than those not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising
	articles produced or sold by the undersigned, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained

in or upon the remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately
adjoining the lands in said deed conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet
from the highway right of way line, measured at right angles to said line; and that no
building or permanent structure shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon
said remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining
the lands therein conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the exterior
boundary of the highway right of way. This provision is hereby declared to be a 

perpetual covenant and shall be construed as a real covenant attached to and running with
the land.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to
its successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed the
day and year herein first above written.

(S) William E. Ellis
(S) Florence Ellis______
319

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 26th day of April A. D. 1944, between WATT W. MARTIN and MASIE
MARTIN, hereinafter called first parties, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, a body politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH:

That the first parties, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar, lawful
money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to them in
hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners, the receipt 

whereof is hereby acknowledged, do by these presents grant, bargain, sell, convey, and
confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot, piece,
or parcel of land lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and being a portion of Lot 3, Section 4, T. 21 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B. & M., lying between the
present southerly 40 foot right of way line of Charleston Boulevard and a line parallel with
and 10 feet southerly at right angles from said southerly line, extending from the east
boundary line of the property of Gabriel Pahor at Highway Engineer's Station "P" 844204 P.O.T.
to the west boundary line of the property owned by Wm. E. Ellis at Highway Engineer's Station
"P" 85+62+ P.O.T.; said right of way for highway purposes containing an area of 0.033 of an
acre, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or appertaining, 

and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues and profits
thereof.

The undersigned covenant and agree for themselves, their heirs, executors, administrators,
successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device, other than those,
not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles produced or sold by
the undersigned, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon the remaining lands and
premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands in said deed conveyed
and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the highway right of way line, measured at right
angles to said line; and that no building or permanent structure shall be erected, permitted,
or maintained in or upon said remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately 

adjoining the lands therein conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from
the exterior boundary of the highway right of way. This provision is hereby declared to be a
perpetual covenant and shall be construed as a real covenant attached to and running with the
land.

TO HAVE AMD TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its 

successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first parties have caused this instrument to be executed the day
and year herein first above written.

Watt W. Martin (Signed)

Mazie Martin (Signed)

STATE OF NEVADA	)

)	ss.

County of Clark	)

On this 25th day of April, A.D. on thousand nine hundred and forty-four personally appeared 

before me, Dale B. Pruett, A Notary Public in and for the said County of Clark, WATT W.

MARTIN and MASIE MARTIN, known to me to be the persons described in and who executed the
320

foregoing instrument, who acknowledged to me that they executed the same freely and 

voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my 

office in the County of Clark, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

Dale B. Pruett (Signed)

Notary Public in and for the
County of Ormsby, State of Nevada.

(Notarial Seal)

No. 180120

Recorded at Request of
Dale B. Pruett, Apr 26 1944
at 05 min past 2 P.M. in
Book 35 Page 135-136 of Deeds
Clark County, Nevada, Records
David Farnsworth,Recorder
V. W., Deputy
Fee $ dh Compared Mbow

QUITCLAIM DEED

THIS DEED made this 10th day of January, 1944, by Ralph Francis Farley and Lillian
Mae Farley, husband and wife, hereinafter called the First Party, and the City of Las
Vegas, a municipal corporation, hereinafter called the Second Party:

Witnesseth, that the First Party for and in consideration of the sum of one dollar
($1.00) in hand paid by the Second Party, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged and
the Second Party released therefrom, hereby does remise, release, sell and convey and 

quitclaim unto the Second Party, all the right, title, interest, claim and demand which the
first party had in and to the following described property, situated in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and known and described as follows:

The Easterly ten (10) feet of Lot Nine (9), Block Eleven (11), Ladd
Addition to Lae Vegas, shown on map on Page 6, Book 1 of Plate, on
record in the Office of the Recorder, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, said lot having been extended easterly fifteen feet by vacation
of a portion of Fourteenth Street by resolution adopted by the Board
of City Commissioners, August 24, 1942.

To have and to hold the same, together with all and singular the appurtenances and
privileges thereunto belonging or in anywise appertaining, and all the estate, right,
title, interest and claim whatever of the First Party, either in law or in equity, to the
only proper use, benefit and behoof of the Second Party, assigns and successors forever.

Witness our hand, this 10th day of January, 1944.

Ralph FranciS Farley
Lillian Mae Farley

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

On this 10th day of January, 1944, personally appeared before me, the undersigned a
Notary Public in and for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, Ralph Francis Farley and
Lillian Mae Farley, known to me to be the persons described in and who executed the 

foregoing instrument, and who acknowledged to me that they executed the same freely and
voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Richard M.Simonton
Notary Public in and for the
County of Clark, State of Nevada.
(SEAL)

My commission expires:

Dec. 4, 1947.

No. 183048

Recorded at request of City of Las Vegas July 5, 1944 at 10 mi. past 1 :.M. in Book 35,

Page 395-396 of Deeds. Clark County, Nevada, Records. David Farnsworth, Recorder. V.W. Deputy.
Fee $1.65 Compared V.W. L.M.M. Indexed.
321 ]

QUITCLAIM DEED

THIS DEED, made this 8th day of January, 1944, by William H. Allen and Margaret Allen,
husband and wife, and Walter G. Pico and Alice Pico, husband and wife, tenants in common,
hereinafter called the First Party and The City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation, 

hereinafter called the Second Party:

WITNESSETH, that the First Party for and in consideration of the sum of one dollar ($1.00)
in hand paid by the Second Party, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged and the Second
Party released therefrom, hereby does remise, release, sell and convey and quitclaim unto the
Second Party, all the right, title, interest, claim and demand which the First Party had in and
to the following described property, situated in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
known and described as follows:

The Easterly ten (10) feet of Lota Thirteen (13), Fourteen (14), Fifteen (15),
and sixteen (16), Block Eleven (11), Ladd Addition to Las Vegas, shown on Map
on Page 6, Book 1 of Plats, on record in the Office of the Recorder, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, said lots having been extended easterly fifteen (15)
feet by vacation of a portion of Fourteenth Street by resolution adopted by
the Board of City Commissioners, August 24, 1942.

To have and to hold the same, together with all and singular the appurtenances and

privileges thereunto belonging or in anywise appertaining, and all the estate, right, interest,

and claim whatever of the First Party, either in law or in equity to the only proper use, benefit

and behoof of the Second Party, assigns and successors forever.

Witness our hand, this 8th day of January, 1944.

William H. Allen

Margaret Allen_____________

Walter G. Pico
Alice Pico

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

On this 8th day of January, 1944, personally appeared before me, the undersigned, a Notary
Public in and for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, William H. Allen, known to me to be the
person described in and who executed the foregoing instrument, and who acknowledged to me that
the executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the usee and purposes therein mentioned.

Richard M. Simonton
Notary Public in and for the
County of Clark, State of Nevada
(SEAL)

My Commission Expires: Dec. 4, 1947

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

On this 8th day of January, 1944, personally appeared before me, the undersigned, a
Notary Public in and for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, Margaret Allen, known to me to
be the person described in and who executed the foregoing instrument, and who acknowledged to
me that she executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein
mentioned.

Richard M. Simonton
Notary Public in and for the
County of Clark, State of Nevada
(SEAL)

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

On this 8th day of January 1944, personally appeared before me, the undersigned, a Notary
Public in and for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, Walter G. Pico, known to me to be the
person described in and who executed the foregoing instrument, and who acknowledged to me that
he executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Richard M. Simonton___________

Notary Public in and for the
County of Clark, State of Nevada
(SEAL)
322

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

On this 8th day of January, 1944, personally appeared before me, the undersigned, a
Notary Public in and for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, Alice Pico, known to me to be
the person described in and who executed the foregoing instrument, and who acknowledged to
me that she executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein
mentioned.

Richard M. Simonton

Notary Public in and for the

County of Clark, State of Nevada

My Commission Expires:	(SEAL)	

Dec. 4, 1947.

No. 183049

Recorded at Request of
City of Las Vegas
July 5, 1944
At 10Mi past 1P.M.

In Book 36 Page 396-397

of Deeds	

Clark County, Nevada, Records
David Fransworth, Recorder

V.W. Deputy

Fee $2.55 Compared VW - LMM

Indexed
Contract Dept. No. 11463-B

Deed from Las Vegas Land and Water Company to The City of Las Vegas	Dated July 30, 1942

Covering parcel of land in the NW 1/4 of the NW 1/4 of Section 26 T. 20 S., R. 61 E., MDB. & M., Clark
County, Nevada.

DEED

THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH:	That LAS VEGAS LAND AND WATER COMPANY, a corporation of the

State of Nevada, Grantor, in consideration of the sum of Tan and no/l00 ($10.00) Dollars, to
it in hand paid, the receipt whereof la hereby acknowledged, does hereby GRANT and CONVEY to
THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS, a municipal Corporation of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,

That certain parcel of land situated in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and being that portion of the NW 14 of the NW 1/4 of Section 26, T. 20	S., R. 61 E., M. D.

B. & M., described as follows:

Beginning at the northeast corner of that certain parcel of land described as the of
the of the NW 1/4 of said Section 26 in deed to the City of Las Vegas, recorded in Book 3, Page
345, of Deeds, records of said County, said point of beginning being distant easterly 660 feet,
measured along the north line of said Section 26 from a concrete monument set at the northwest
corner of said Section 26; thence southerly along the easterly line of said parcel of land 660
feet to the southeast corner of said parcel of land; then easterly parallel with the north
line of said Section 26, 660 feet; thence northerly parallel with the west line of said Section
26, 660 feet, to a point in the north line of said Section 26; thence westerly along said north
line 660 feet to the point of beginning.

TOGETHER with all and singular the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto
belonging or in anywise appertaining.

SUBJECT, HOWEVER, to the following exceptions, incumbrances, and reservations:

1.	All taxes and assessments levied or assessed against said land subsequent to the year

1941,	shall be paid by the Grantee herein, and not by Grantor.

2.	All water and water rights appurtenant to said land are hereby excepted from this
conveyance and are reserved by Grantor.

3.	The fee simple title to any and all coal, oil and other minerals within or underlying 

said land, intending thereby any and all inorganic substances (including oil and natural
gas) now known to exist or hereafter discovered upon or beneath the surface, having sufficient
value, separated from their situs as a part of the earth, to be mined, piped, pumped, quarried,
dug or otherwise removed for their own sake, or their own specific uses, is hereby excepted from
this conveyance and reserved by Grantor, it being the intention of the Grantor to convey surface
rights only. And Grantor hereby reserves the perpetual and exclusive right to remove any and
all such substances, the earth or other matter containing same necessary or convenient in the
removal thereof; it being understood, however, that neither Las Vegas Land and Water Company,
nor its successors, grantees or assigns, shall have the right to use any of the surface of said
land and that the mining and removing of said substances shall be carried on in such a way as
not to damage the surface of said land or to Interfere with the use of the surface of said land

	by the Grantee, its successors or assigns.

4.	This conveyance is made subject to the following lease heretofore granted by Grantor,
to-wit:

A lease dated September 1st, 1933, from Las Vegas Land and Water Company, Lessor, to Albert
Wittwer, Lessee (Las Vegas Land and Water Company Audit No. 9076) which expires August 31, 1943/.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD unto the said Grantee and its successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantor has duly executed this indenture this 20th day of July,

1942.

LAS VEGAS LAND AND WATER COMPANY

BY G. F. Ashby

Its Vice President

ATTEST:

Paul Rigdon
Assistant Secretary
(Seal)

STATE OF NEBRASKA	)

	)	SS:

COUNTY OF DOUGLAS	)

On this 31 day of July, 1942, personally appeared before me, Louis Scholnick, a Notary
Public in and for the County of Douglas, State of Nebraska G. F. Ashby known to me to be the
Vice President and Paul Rigdon, known to me to be the Assistant Secretary of the corporation
that executed the foregoing instrument, and upon oath did depose that they are the officers
of said corporation as above designated; that they are acquainted with the seal of said 

corporation, and that the seal affixed to said Instrument is the corporate seal of said corporation;

	that the signatures to said instrument were made by the officers of said corporation as 

indicated after said signatures, and that the said corporation executed the said instrument freely
and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.
 324

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal, the day
and year in this certificate first above written.

Louis Scholnick
Notary Public

(Notarial Seal)

No. 152445

Recorded at Request of City Clerk
Oct 22 l942 at 40 min. past 9 A.M.
in Book 31 Page 383-4 of Deeds

Clark County, Nevada, Records
David Farnsworth, Recorder
V. Wines Deputy

Fee $2.40 Compared lsvw

QUITCLAIM DEED

THIS DEED made this 31st day of July, 1944, by CLARK COUNTY, a political subdivision
of the State of Nevada, hereinafter called First Party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, hereinafter
called the Second Party:

WITNESSETH:

That the First Party for and in consideration of the sum of Ten Dollars ($10.00) in
hand paid by the Second Party, the receipt of which la hereby acknowledged and the Second party
released therefrom, hereby does remise, release, sell and convey and quitclaim unto the Second
Party, all the right, title, Interest, claim and demand which the First Party had in and to the
following described property, situated In the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and known and
described as follows:

1.	All of Lots 12 and 13, Block 5, Woodland Park Addition, as shown
on Plat of Woodland Park as recorded on page 117, Book 1 of Plats
in the office of the County Recorder, County of Clark, State of
Nevada.

2.	Beginning at a point which is the southwest corner of Lot 13,

Block 5, Woodland Park Addition, as shown on plat of Woodland
Park, as recorded on page 117, Book 1 of Plats, in the office of
the County Recorder, County of Clark, State of Nevada; thence

N 89° 55' 32" E along the southerly boundary of said Lots 12
and 13, Block 5, a distance of 282.20 feet to a point which Is
the southeast corner of said Lot 12; thence S 0° 10' 40" W a dis-
tance of 10 feet to a point; thence S 89° 55' 32" W a distance of
282.20 feet to a point on the projection southerly of the westerly
boundary of said Lot 13; thence N 0° 10' 58" E along the southerly
projection of the westerly boundary of said Lot 13, a distance of
10 feet to the point of beginning. Containing altogether 0.19586
acres of land, more or less.

To have and to hold the same, together with all and singular the appurtenances and privileges
thereunto belonging or in any wise appertaining, and all the estate, right, title, interest and
claim whatever of the First Party, either in law or in equity, to the only proper use, benefit
and behoof of the Second Party, assigns and successors forever.

Witness our hand, this 31st day of July, 1944.

James H. Down

Chairman of the Board of County

Commissioners, Clark County, Nevada

Lloyd S. Payne

County Clerk, County of Clark

State of Nevada

(Seal)
STATE OF NEVADA	)

County of Clark	)	ss.

On this 3lst day of July, 1944, personally appeared before me, the undersigned, a
Notary Public in and for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, James H. Down, Sr. and Lloyd
Payne known to me to be the persons described in and who executed the foregoing instrument,
and who acknowledged to me that they executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses
and purposes therein mentioned.

Perle S. Brown

Notary Public in and for the County
(Notarial Seal)	of Clark, State of Nevada

My Commission Expires:

Jan. 16, 1947

No. 184190

Recorded at Request of

City of Las Vegas

Aug 1-1944 at 20 min past

10 A.M. in Book 35 Page 493-494 of

Deeds, Clark County, Nevada, Records

David Farnsworth, Recorder

M.B. Deputy

Fee $1.35 Compared MB I MN
Indexed.

--------0----------

QUIT CLAIM DEED

THIS DEED made this 13 day of July, 1944, by Margaret Folsom, hereinafter called the First
Party, and the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation, hereinafter called the Second Party:

Witnesseth, that the First Party for and in consideration of the sum of one dollar ($1.00)
in hand paid by the Second Party, the receipt of which la hereby acknowledged and the Second
Party released therefrom, hereby does remise, release, sell and convey and quitclaim unto the
Second Party, all the right, title, Interest, claim and demand which the First Party had in and
to the following described property, situated in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and known
and described as follows:

The Easterly ten (10) feet of Lots ten (10), eleven (11), and twelve (12), Block
Eleven (11), Ladd Addition to the City of Las Vegas, shown on map on page 6, Book 1
of Plats, on record in the office of the Recorder, County of Clark, state of Nevada,
said lots having been extended easterly fifteen (15) feet by vacation of a portion
of Fourteenth Street by resolution adopted by the Board of City Commissioners,

August 24, 1942.

To have and to hold the same, together with all and singular the appurtenances and privileges
thereunto belonging or in any wise appertaining, and all the estate, right, title, interest and
claim whatever of the First Party, either in law or in equity, to the only proper use, benefit
and behoof of the Second Party, assigns and successors forever.

Witness our hand, this 13 day of July, 1944.

Margaret Folsom

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) SS.

On this 13th day of July, 1944, personallyappeared before me, the undersigned, a Notary
Public in and for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, Margaret Folsom, known to me to be the
person described in and who executed the foregoing instrument, and who acknowledged to me that
she executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Louis Wiener Jr.

Notary Public in and for the
County of Clark, State of Nevada

My Commission Expires:	(Notarial Seal)

Aug 13, 1946

No. 184053

Recorded Filed at Request of

City of Las Vegas Jul 27, 1944	*	0

at 45 min past 10 A.M. in Book 35
Page 472-473 Deeds Clark County,

Nevada, Records. David Farnsworth,

Recorder. V.W. Deputy
326

QUIT CLAIM DEED

THIS deed made this 18th day of October, 1944 by JAMES FILBEY, hereinafter called First
Party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, a Municipal Corporation, hereinafter called the Second Party:

WITNESSETH:_

That the First Party for and in consideration of the sum of Ten Dollars ($10.00) in hand
paid by the Second Party, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged and the Second Party released
Therefrom, hereby does remise, release, sell and convey and quitclaim unto the Second Party, all
the right, title, interest, claim and demand which the First Party had in and to the following
described property, situated in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and known and described as
follows:

The easterly 30.00 feet of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of then NW 1/4 of the SW 1/4 of Section 33,

Township 20 South, Range 61 East, MDB & M containing 0.2276 acres of land, more or
less.

To have and to hold the same, together with all and singular the appurtenances and
privileges thereunto belonging or in any wise appertaining, and all the estate, right, title,
interesting and claim whatever of the First Party, wither in law or in equity,to the only
proper use, benefit and behoof of the Second Party, assigns and successors forever.

Witness our hand, this 18th day of October, 1944.

James L. Filbey

STATE OF NEVADA	)

COUNTY OF CLARK	)	as.

On this 19th day of October, 1944, personally appeared before me, the undersigned, a
Notary Publicnin and for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, James Filbey, known to me to be
the person described in and who executed the foregoing instrument, and who acknowledged to me that
he executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

My Commission Expires:	F. E. Fennessy

July 31, 1948	Notary Public in and for the

(seal)	County of Clark, State of Nevada

No 187646

Recorded at Request of
City of Las Vegas
Oct 20 1944
at 35 min 3P.M. in
Book 36 Page 261
Deeds

Clark County, Nevada, Records
David Farnsworth, Recorder
VW Deputy

QUIT CLAIM DEED

THIS DEED made this 21st day of September, 1944, by JAMES L. FILBEY, hereinafter called
First Party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, a Municipal corporation, hereinafter called the Second
Party:

WITNESSETH:

That the First Party for and in consideration of the sum of Ten Dollars ($10.00) in hand
paid by the Second Party, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged and the Second Party released
therefrom, hereby does remise, release, sell and convey and quitclaim unto the Second Party, all
the right, title, interest, claim and demand which the First Party had in and to the following
described property, situated in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and known and described as
follows;

The easterly 30.00 feet of the NE 1/4 of the NW 1/4 of the SW 1/4 and the easterly

30.00 feet of the N 1/2 of the SE 1/4 of the NW 1/4 of the SW 1/4 of Section 33,

Township 20 South Range 51, East, MDB & M. Containing 0.6827 acres of land

more or less.

To have and to hold the same, together with all and singular the appurtenances and
privileges thereunto belonging or in any wise appertaining, and all the estate, right, title,
interest and claim whatever of the First Party, either in law or in equity, to the only property
use, benefit and behoof of the Second Party, assigns and successors forever.

Witness my hand this 21st day of September, 1944.

James L. Filbey

STATE OF NEVADA	)

COUNTY OF CLARK	)	ss.

On this 21st day of September, 1944 personally appeared before me, the undersigned,
a Notary Public in and for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, James L. Filbey, known to me
to be the person described in and who executed the foregoing instrument, and who acknowledged to
me that he executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

No. 187500 Recorded at Request of

G. F. Rittenhouse Oct. 18, 1944	T. E. Fennessy

Book 36 Page 255 - David Farnsworth,	Notary Public in and for the

Recorder	County of Clark, State of Nevada
327

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this _ 1st day of June . A. D.. 1945, between
CUBA CLOS and PETER CLOS, hereinafter called the first parties, and the CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, a body politic, the second party:

WITNESSETH

That the first parties, for an in consideration of the sum of Ten ($10.00)

Dollars, lawfuly money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable
consideration, to them in hand paid for an on behalf of the second party by and through
its City Commissioners, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, do by these presents 

grant, bargain, sell, convey and confirm unto the said second party, and to its
assigns forever, all that certain lot, piece, or parcel of land lying and being a
portion of Government Lot 2, Section 4, T. 21 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B. & M., lying between
the present southerly 40 foot right of way line of Charleston Boulevard and a line
parallel with and 10 feet southerly at right angles from said southerly line, extending 

from the west boundary line of the property owned by Wm. E. Ellis at or about
Highway Engineer's Station "P" 99 / 65 P.O.T. to the south-westerly boundary line of
the property owned by Nat and Jenney Mack and Murray Wollman at or about Highway
Engineer's Station "A" 87 / 82 P.O.T.; said right of way for highway purposes, 

containing 0.114 of an acre, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging 

or appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders,
rents, issues, and profits thereof.

The undersigned covenant and agree for themselves, their heirs, executors,
administ raters, successors, and a signs, that no billboard, signboard or advertising
device, other than those not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising 

articles produced or sold by the undersigned, shall be erected, permitted
or maintained in or upon the remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned,
immediately adjoining the lands in said deed conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12
feet from the highway right of way line, measured at right angles to said line; and that
no building or permanent structure shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or
upon said lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the
lands therein conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the exterior

boundary of the highway right of way. This provision is hereby declared to be a perpetual 

covenant and shall be construed as a real covenant attached to and running with the
land.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and
 to its successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first parties have caused this instrument to be
executed the day and year herein first above written.

/s/ E. E. Keller______________ /s/ Cuba Clos_____________________________________________

Witness

/s/ Peter Clos___________________

STATE OF NEVADA)

) SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK)

On this	1st___________day of June	A.D. one thousand nine

hundred and forty five, personally appeared before me, T. E. Fennessy a Notary Public
in and for said County of Clar, CUBA CLOS and PETER CLOS, known to me to be the
persons described in and who executed the foregoing instrument, who acknowledged to me
that they executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein 

mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at
my office in the County of Clark, the day and year in this certificate first above
written.

/s/ T. E. Fennessy
Notary Public in and for the
County of Clark, State of Nevada.

(NOTARIAL)

( SEAL )	My Commission Expires 7/30/48
328

QUITCLAIM DEED

ROMAN CATHOLIC BISHOP OF RENO, a corporation sole, THOMAS K. GORMAN, 

incumbent, the undersigned, for and in consideration of the sum of Ten Dollars ($10.00)
receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, do by these presents hereby release, remise,
sell and forever quitclaim unto the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation, of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, all our right, title and interest in and to the
following described property, to-wit:

The easterly ten (10) feet of the fifteen(15) foot strip
that was formerly a portion of South Fourteenth Street,
and being the easterly ten (10) feet of the fifteen (15)
foot portion of said Fourteenth Street that was vacated
by the Resolution of the Board of City Commissioners dated
August 24, 1942, and which fifteen (15) foot portion abuts Lots
Nine (9), ten (10), eleven (11), twelve (12), thirteen (13)
fourteen (14), fifteen (15) and sixteen (16) in Block 12
of Ladd Addition to the City of Las Vegas, as shown on map
on page 2, Book 1 of Plats, on record in the Office of the
Recorder, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

For the following described uses and purposes:

For road, street, or highway purposes.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD said above described premises unto said grantee, its
successors or assigns, as long as used for said road, street or highway purposes.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have hereunto set out hands this the 30th day of
April. 1945.	—-------

ROMAN CATHOLIC BISHOP OF RENO

By:	Patrick J. Connors_____________________

(attorney-in-fact)______________________


401 

LEASE - No. 1 (44)

This indenture made and entered into this 22nd day of January, 1944, by and between
the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation hereinafter sometime called LESSOR, and
M. E. Leavitt and Wes Neeley of Las Vegas, Nevada, sometime* herein after called LESSEES.

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is the owner of certain unimproved rental land,

WHEREAS, M. E. Leavitt and Wes Neeley desire to lease the same for farming purposes.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants of the parties
hereto, it la agreed as follows:

-	I -

LESSOR agrees to lease unto LESSEES the following described parcels of land, to-wit:

Parcel 1. The NW 1/4 of the NE 1/4, Section 36, Township 20 South, Range 61 East,

M.D.B. & M. excepting therefrom the westerly 55 feet, and the northerly 65 feet of said 40
acres tract of land containing an arable area of 37.2 acres, more or less.

Parcel 2. The S 1/2 of the NE 1/4, Section 36, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.& M.
excepting therefrom the Westerly 55 feet, and the easterly 55 feet of said 80 acre tract
containing an arable area of 77.8 acres, more or less.

Parcel 3. The N 1/2 of the SE 1/4, Section 36, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.&.M.
excepting therefrom the easterly 55 feet and the westerly 55 feet of said 80 acres tract
containing an arable area of 66.1 acres, more or less.

Parcel 4. The S 1/2 of the SE 1/4, Section 36, Township 20 South, Range 61 Bast, M.D.B.&M.
excepting therefrom the easterly 55 feet, the southerly 40 feet, and the westerly 55 feet of
said 80 acre tract containing an arable area of 45.5 acres, more or less.

-	II -

The term of this lease shall be 10 years with LESSEES having the right to renew
said lease upon the same terms and conditions as provided herein for an additional five
years, provided, however, that LESSEES herein, must give notice to LESSOR herein, of intention
to exercise said option at least 60 days prior to the expiration of this lease by directing
a letter postage prepaid and registered to the City Clerk, City of Las Vegas at the City
Hall in Las Vegas, Nevada, and provided further that the rental to be paid for the four
parcels hereinbefore described, during the period of five years following the expiration of
this lease, should the option be exercised, shall be $700.00 per year for all of said parcels,
and provided that said $700.00 shall be paid annually in advance.

The rental for the four parcels of land hereinbefore described, during the term of
this lease shall be as follows:

For the first three years of said lease the rental shall be $100.00 per year; for
the following two years the rental shall be $500.00 per year and for the remaining five years
the rental shall be $700.00 per year. The aforementioned rent shall be payable as follows, to-wit:]

The first years rent shall be paid on the execution of this lease-holding agreement
and the rental for the ensuing nine years shall be payable yearly in advance on January 22
of each and every ensuing year for the remaining nine years of said lease.

The LESSOR further agrees to deliver water from sewage disposal plant to said parcel
of land at the legal rate of one second foot per hundred acres per annum. This water to be
delivered at a wier box in the vicinity of the Northwest corner of the abovementioned parcel
of land at a maximum rate of five second feet.

The LESSOR further agrees to maintain the canal which delivers this water to the wier
box, and to maintain a ditch rider to deliver water in the amount and at the time requested
provided that the City shall not be liable for failure to deliver in case of breakdown beyond 

their control. The LESSOR AGREES to allow the LESSEE to move any equipment required for farming
402

purposes onto the above described land.

The LESSEES agree to maintain the property without nuisance and to hold the City
free of any damage resulting from negligence on this part or any damage resulting from
allowing water to pass beyond the boundaries of the land leased by him.

The LESSEES further agree to farm the above described land and to produce feed

crops.

The LESSEES further agree that they will not use the water for the production of	

crops for human consumption or the watering of dairy cattle.

The LESSEES further agree to make their requests for the delivery of water in
writing to the ditch rider not less than 15 days before delivery is desired.

The LESSEES, further agree that this lease will not be transferable without the
	approval of the LESSOR, and ho further agrees that a strip thirty feet wide, fifteen feet on	

each aide of the center line of the canals which may touch on or cross the parcel leased by
them shall be kept free of any obstruction for the purpose of maintenance of said canal, and
they further agree that right-of-ways along the borders of the E 1/2, Section 36, shall be left
free of obstructions for the maintenance of road-ways.

The LESSEES further agree to fence all of the property under subject of this
lease provided, however, that said fencing need only be done as rapidly as the land is put
into cultivation and further providing, however, that LESSEES herein are able to secure
priorities for the necessary fencing, provided, however, LESSEES shall have the right to
remove the fences and any other improvements at the expiration of this lease.

LESSEES further agree to hold the City free of any damage resulting from negligence
on their part on any damage resulting from permitting water to pass beyond the boundary of the
land subject to this lease.

____	E. W. Cragin

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed	Mayor

-------------City Clerk

M. E. Leavitt

(SEAL)

Wes Neeley

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

On this 24th day of January, 1944, personally appeared before me, the undersigned,
a Notary Public in and for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, M. E. Leavitt and Wes Neeley,
known to me to be the persons described in and who executed the foregoing instrument, and who
acknowledged to me that they executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and
purposes therein mentioned.

Richard M. Simonton

My Commission expires:	Notary Public in and for the

Deo. 4, 1947*	County of Clark, State of Nevada,

	(SEAL)	

——oOo——

LEASE No. 2. (44)

THIS AGREEMENT made and entered into this 7th day of March, 1944, by and between
the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation, hereinafter sometimes called lessor, and the
American National Red Cross, Las Vegas Chapter, sometimes hereinafter called lessee.

WHEREAS, the lessor is the owner of certain property, said property a portion of the
City known as the City Park, and

WHEREAS, the lessee is anxious to construct a building to house its local headquarters,

and
403

WHEREAS, it la acceptable to lessor that said building be constructed by lessee on
property owned by the City, to be hereinafter more fully described.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is agreed by and between the parties as follows, to-wit: Lessor
hereby agrees to lease to lessee the following described property for said lessee to erect a local
headquarters building for the use and purpose of lessee, said property being more fully described,
as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at a point which is the center line inter-section of
East Stewart Avenue and North Fifth Street, as shown on plat
of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, as recorded on page 37, Book 1
of Plats, in the Office of the Recorder, County of Clark, State
od Nevada; thence North 6l°-47' west along the center line of
East Stewart Avenue a distance of 970.00 feet to a point; thence
North 28°-13' East a distance of 290.00 feet to the northwest
(NW) corner of the Federal Building Site; thence South 6l°-47'

East along the northerly boundary of said Federal Building Site
a distance of 70.00 feet to the true point of beginning; thence
North 28°-13' East a distance of 132.26 feet to a point; thence
South 25°-02' East a distance of 68.09 feet to a point; thence
easterly along the arc of a circle of turning to the left and
tangent to the line last mentioned, with a radius of 352.22 feet
and an arc length of 64.68 feet to a point; thence South 28°-13'

West a distance of 57.39 feet to a point on the northerly boundary
of the Federal Building Site; thence North 61°-47' West along said
northerly boundary a distance of 110.00 feet to the true point
of beginning, containing 0.248 acres of land, more or less.

Paragraph 1. Lessor leases said property lessee for a period of ten years from date,
at rental of $1.00 per year, payable in advance.

Paragraph 2. Lessor makes this lease upon the conditions that prior to the erection
or construction of the building by the lessee that said lessees submit to lessor plans and
specifications for same, said plana and specifications to include type of building and style
of same in order that lessor might approve the plans of said building as to style and type of
construction. This lease and agreement between parties hereto is conditional upon the City
approving the type of construction of the building to be placed on the premises subject to this
lease.

Paragraph 3. Lessor to give the lessee an option to renew this lease upon the same terms and 
conditions as hereinafter and hereinabove set forth for a period of five years from the date of
expiration of this lease providing, however, that lessee shall give notice of its intention to
exercise the option at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the terms of this lease
by mailing to the lessor, registered mail, notice of said intention to exercise the option.

Paragraph 4. The lessee agrees to pay the sum of $1.00 per year under the terms of
this lease, as rental for the premises hereinabove described.

Paragraph 5. lessee further agrees to submit plans and specifications for building
to be erected on the premises prior to commencement of such construction, and lessee further agrees
that the benefits enuring to the lessee under the terms of this lease shall be and are dependent
upon the entire approval of the lessor of the type and plans of construction for said building.

Paragraph 6. Lessee further agrees to make all necessary connections to public utility
lines and to pay all expenses incurred in the use of said utilities.

Paragraph 7. It is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that lessee may at
the termination of this lease on any option exercised thereunder remove the building to be
hereinbefore described providing that at the time of such removal proper action is taken by the
lessee to leave the property of the subject in this lease in the same condition as the same was
prior to the construction and erection of the building by lessee.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have hereunto set our hands this 7th day of March, 1944.

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed	A. F. Smith. Sr.

City Clerk	Mayor Pro Tem, City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)
404

STATE OF NEVADA:)

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

On this 10th day of March, 1944, personally appeared before me D. C. Sutherland,

known to me to be the person who executed this for and on behalf of the American
Red Cross, Las Vegas Chapter, who acknowledged to me that he has read the foregoing instrument,
and that he executed the same free and voluntary for the uses and purposes therein stated, said
D. C. Sutherland being then and there the Chairman of the Board of Clark County Chapter for the 

Las Vegas Chapter of the American Red Cross.

S.	L. Butterfield

(SEAL)	Notary Public in and for the

My Commission Expires	County of Clark, State of Nevada

September 23, 1945

——oOo——



A LEASE
between

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA

and

UNITED SERVICE ORGANIZATIONS, INC.

THIS LEASE, made and entered into this 7 day of June in the year one thousand nine

hundred and forty-four, by and between city of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada whose address is
City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada for its heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns,
hereinafter called the Lessor, and UNITED service ORGANIZATIONS, INC., a corporation organized under 

the laws of the State of New York, hereinafter called the Lessee:

WITNESSETH:	The parties hereto for the considerations hereinafter mentioned covenant and

agree as follows:

1.	The Lessor hereby leases to the Lessee and the Lessee hereby hires from the Lessor the

following described premises, viz:	One story frame building with twelve windows on either end and

four doors, together with attached bath house and its appurtenances, situated in Block number 14,

Valley View Addition, Las Vegas, Nevada at # 311 Jefferson Street to be used exclusively for the
following purposes, to wit:	USO Club, and for any and all purposes for which the Lessee was 

incorporated.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the said premises with their appurtenances for the term beginning
January 38, 1944 and ending six (6) months after cessation of hostilities with Germany and its
allies, except and unless the Lessee prior thereto exercises its cancellation option hereinafter
provided

2. The Lessee shall pay to the Lessor for the use of the demised premises, rent at the
rate of one ($1.00) Dollars per annum to be paid at the beginning of the calendar year. and the
Lessee covenants and agrees to pay said rent as aforesaid, except such proportionate part thereof

as shall occur during such time as said premises shall be untenantable by reason of fire, act of
God, or public enemies.

3.	If the said premises be destroyed by fire, or other casualty, this lease shall immediately 

terminate. In case of partial destruction or damage, so as to render the premises untenantable, 

the Lessor, within ten (10) days after such damage or destruction, shall submit to the
Lessee a written estimate of the length of time required to put the premises into complete repair,
and the Lessee, within ten (lO) days thereafter, may in its sole discretion elect to continue or
terminate the lease by serving written notice of such election on the Lessor, either personally

or by registered mail. Should the Lessee elect to continue the lease, no rent shall accrue 

during the period of untenantability; nor, in case of termination, shall rent accrue to the Lessor
after said partial destruction or damage.

4. The Lessor shall maintain the said premises in good repair and tenant able condition	

during the continuance of this lease, except for damage arising from the act or the negligence
of Lessee's agents or employees. For the purpose of so maintaining the premises the Lessor 

reserves the right at reasonable times to enter and Inspect the premises, and to make any necessary
repairs thereto. The Lessor, however, shall not be required to make any interior repairs of a 

nonstructural nature, nor shall the Lessee be required to make any exterior or structural repairs,
or repairs to heating and plumbing equipment.

5.	The Lessor, during the occupancy of the premises, shall furnish: described property

and attached appurtenances only.	

6.	The Lessee agrees to pay the following bills chargeable against said premises during

the tenancy, to wit:	All coat of maintenance and repair to said building, provided however that

lessee shall not be responsible for payment of taxes. Installation of lawn or shrubs or 

installation of any improvements on said premises.

7.	The Lessee shall have the right, during the term of this lease, to make alterations,
attach fixtures, and erect additions, structures, or signs, in or upon the premises, inside and
outside, and to redecorate said premises, all in its own discretion and at its own expense, which
fixtures, additions, structures, signs, and/or decorations, unless readily removable, shall became
and remain the property of the Lessor.
405

8.	At the expiration of the term of this lease, the Leasee will quit and surrender the
premises hereby demised, in as good condition as that existing at the time of entering upon the
same under this lease; excepting, however, reasonable wear and tear, and damages by the elements
or by circumstances over which the Lessee has no control.

9.	Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Leaaee has a right to cancel this
lease upon sixty (60) days' written notice to the Lessor*

10. Paragraph "8" hereof shall not be construed so as to require the Leasee upon the 

expiration of this lease, to reconstitute any alterations or decorations, or to remove any of the 

additions, structures or permanent fixtures referred to in paragraph "7" hereof*

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties to this agreement have hereunto subscribed their names as of
the date first above written.

City of Las Vegas

E. W. Cragin, Mayor
Lessor

	In presence of:

Name Helen Scott Reed

Address	City Clerk	UNITED SERVICE ORGANIZATIONS, INC.

(Seal)	By Henry H. Gutterson, Reg. Exec.

Lessee

( IF LESSOR IS A CORPORATION)

I,	Helen Scott Reed certify that I am the City Clerk & Clerk of the Board of City 

Commissioners named as Lessor in the foregoing lease:	that E. W. Cragin who signed said lease on

behalf of the Lessor, was than and now is Mayor of said corporation; that said lease was duly
signed for and in behalf of said corporation by authority of the governing body, and is within
the scope of its corporate powers*

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada
(Place)

this 8th day of June 1944	Helen Scott Reed

 "Reviewed and Certified

as to Renovations, Alterations &

Equipment" D. Forbes
Assoc. Date 6-15-44

Director of Building Services
for Region XII

—-------0--------

LEASE

THIS INDENTURE OF LEASE made this 1st day of August, 1942, by and between the CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, a municipal Corporation, hereinafter called "Lessor", and WESTERN AIR EXPRESS
CORPORATION, a Delaware Corporation, hereinafter called "Lessee";

WITNESSETH:

	WHEREAS, the Lessee is now, and for many years last past has been, engaged as a common

carrier by air in the business of transporting passengers, property, and United States mail
by airplane between the cities of Los Angeles in the State of California and of Salt Lake City
in the State of Utah, via Las Vegas, Nevada; and

	WHEREAS, said Lessee up until the date of this indenture has been the owner of the
property hereinafter described; and

 WHEREAS, said Lessee has this day conveyed all of the property hereinafter described to
said Lessor in consideration of said Lessor granting to said Lessee a lease on said premises
and certain operating rights, all as herein aftermore fully set forth;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and in consideration of the covenants
and conditions herein contained, the parties hereto mutually agree as follows:
406

I.

Lessor does hereby demise, lease, and let unto Lessee, and Lessee does hereby hire
and take from Lessor, the following premises and facilities, rights, licenses, and
privileges in connection with and on the property and improvements of Lessor located
near the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and known as the Las Vegas
Municipal Airport, (which is more particularly described in Exhibit I hereto attached
	and made a part hereof), to-wit;	

A.

The use, in common with others authorized so to do, of said Airport and appurtenances,
together with all facilities, improvements, equipment, and services which have been or
may hereafter be provided at or in connection with said Airport from time to time,	

Including, without limiting the generality thereof, the landing field and any extension
thereof or addition thereto, runways, aprons, taxi-ways, sewerage and water facilities,
flood lights, landing lights, control tower, signals, radio aids, and allother conveniences
for flying, landings and takeoffs of aircraft owned or operated by Lessee which use, without
limiting the generality thereof, shall include:

(1)	The operation of a transportation system by aircraft for the carriage of persons,
property, or mail, including charter and sight-seeing flights, (hereinafter referred to

as 'air transportation').

(2)	The repairing, maintaining, conditioning, servicing, parking, or storage of
aircraft or other equipment.

(3)	The training on the leased premises of personnel in the employ of or to be
employed by Lessee and the testing of aircraft and other equipment; it being understood

	that such training and trusting shall be incident to the operation by Lessee of its air	

transportation system.

(4)The sale, disposal, or exchange of Lessee's aircraft, engines, accessories,
gasoline, oil, greases, lubricants, and other equipment, or other fuel or supplies provided
that the exclusive right of Lessee hereunder to sell gasoline, fuel, greases, and other
lubricants upon said premises shall be limited to a period of fifteen (15) years from
the date hereof, but the right to service by Lessee of Lessee's aircraft and of the air-
craft operated by Lessee or belonging to or operated by a subsidiary or affiliated company
of said Lessee shall continue during the life of this lease. Furthermore, such right shall
include without limiting the generality thereof the right to install and maintain on said
Airport adequate storage facilities for such gasoline, oil, greases, and other fuel or
supplies either underground or on the surface, together with the necessary pipes, pumps,
	motors, filters, and other appurtenances incidental to the use thereof and the exclusive	

right to the use of the storage facilities now installed on said premises for such
gasoline, oil, greases, and other fuel or supplies, together with the pipes, pumps, motors,
filters and other appurtenances connected therewith.

	(5) The landing, taking-off, parking, loading, and unloading of aircraft or other	

equipment owned or operated by Lessee.

(6)	The right to loaned and unload persons, property, and mail at said Airport by
such motor cars, busses, trucks, or other means of conveyance as Lessee may choose or
require in the operation of its air transportation system with the right to designate the
particular carrier or carriers who shall or may transport lessee's passengers and their
baggage to and from the Airport.
407

(7)	The right to install and operate advertising signs representing its business
on the leased premises at Lessee's expense, the general type, design, and location
of such signs to be subject to the approval of Lessor.

(8)	The right to install and maintain, operate such radio communications, 

meterological, and aerial navigation equipment and facilities at lessee's expense in, on,
about, or near the premises herein leased on said Airport as may be necessary or
convenient in the opinion of lessee for its operations.

(9)	The conduct of any other business or operations reasonably necessary to the
proper conduct and operation by Lessee of an air transportation system for the
carriage of persons, property, or mail by aircraft.

B.

The exclusive right for a period of ten (10) years from the date of this lease
to sell to owners and operators of transient aircraft gasoline, oil, greases, lubricants,
and other fuel; it being understood that the term "transient aircraft" shall not include
aircraft owned by any person using said Airport as a home base; and it being further
understood that the owners of aircraft using said Airport as a home base shall be permitted
to supply and service their own equipment, gasoline, oil, greases, lubricants, and other
fuel, if they so desire, but such owners shall not be permitted to sell to or service
with gasoline, lil, greases, lubricants and other fuel the aircraft of others on said
premises; and no vendor or supplier of gasoline, oil, greases, lubricants, or other fuel
other than Lessee will be permitted to sell such products or service aircraft on or
about said Airport during said period of ten (10) years.

It is further understood that after the expiration of said ten year period and for
the next ensuing five (5) years Lessee shall continue to have the exclusive right to sell
gasoline, oil, greases, lubricants, and other fuel as in the preceding period provided;
but Lessee agrees that during said period of five (5) years it will pay to lessor the
sum of two cents (2¢) per gallon for each gallon of gasoline so sold to such transient
aircraft, which payments shall not be added by Lessee to the sales price of gasoline
sold by it; and in this connection Lessee agrees to furnish to Lessor on or before the
15th day of each month an accurate statement of the amount of gasoline so sold during
the preceding calendar month, and at the same time will pay to the City the said sum of
two cents (2¢) for each gallon of gasoline sold as shown by said statement, provided
that such sum shall not be applicable to gasoline used by Lessee in connection with its
own operations.

C.

It is understood and agreed that Lessor reserves all other concessions at said
Airport, including the sale of food and beverages, notions, curios, magazines, newspapers,
and periodicals, and slot machines.

D.

upon completion by Lessor of a hangar upon said Airport, Lessee shall have the
exclusive use of sufficient space therein for housing and maintaining adequate facilities
for normal and routine repairs and maintenance of its aircraft. In addition, Lessor shall
make available to Lessee in said hangar, so long as unrented space shall be available
and until Lessee shall construct at said Airport its own hangar or other suitable building,
sufficient space for the storage of one airplane when required by Lessee. Lessor shall
make available to Lessee adequate space for parking and storing not to exceed four (4)
automobiles and for supplies used by Lessee in its operations, in said hangar or some
other building erected by Lessor on said Airport and adapted for that purpose; provided,
408

however, that Lessor shall not be required to furnish any such apace if and
when Leasee shall have constructed a hangar or other building at said Airport
in which such facilities, airplane, automobiles, and supplies may be respectively
housed, maintained, parked and stored.

:.

Lessor shall make available to Leasee on said airport adequate and sufficient 

space for the construction and installation of a hangar, shop, fuel tanks,
and other buildings, equipment, and facilities deemed required by Lessee in 

connection with its operations, the location on said Airport of such hangar, shop,
fuel tanka, and other buildings, equipment, and facilities to be subject to the
approval of said Lessor.



Lessee shall have the first choice of location and the exclusive use of not
leas than seven hundred fifty (750) square feet of apace in the administration building
on said Airport for such uses as Lessee may desire to make thereof in connection with
or incidental to its operations, such uses to include, without limiting the generality
thereof, the sale of tickets, manifesting of passengers and cargo, handling of mail,
baggage, and cargo, and the operation of general traffic, operations, and communications
offices; provided, however, if the construction coat of said administration building 

exceeded or exceeds $50,000.00., Leasee shall have the first choice of location and the
exclusive use of not less than one thousand (1,000) square feet of space therein.

G.

The use by Lessee, its employees, passengers, guests, patrons and invitees, in
common with others, of all public space in said administration building and additional	

public spaces which may hereafter be made available in said administration building
or any additions thereof, including, without limiting the generality thereof, the
lobby, waiting rooms, hall ways, rest rooms, and other public and passenger convenience.

H.

Lessee and its passengers, invitees, licensees, and employees shall have the use
in common with other air transportation companies, of an adequate vehicular parking
space located as near as possible to the administration building without charge to
such passengers, invitees, licensees, or employees; it being understood that "passengers"
as used in this paragraph includes persons calling for or delivering passengers.

I.

Lessee in common with other airlines shall have the right to erect, maintain, and
operate poles, antenna, equipment, and facilities on and about said Airport as in	

Lessee's opinion may be necessary or convenient for Lessee's operation of remote
control radio receiving and transmitting equipment, the location of said equipment
and facilities on or about said Airport shall be subject to the approval of Lessor.

Lessor agrees to zone areas under its control surrounding Lessee's radio transmitting
site to prevent the erection of poles, lines, power lines, buildings, and other
structures which would prevent the proper operation of Lessee's radio and transmitting
equipment.

J.

The full, unrestricted, and free access and ingress to and egress from the
premises outlined in "a" to "I" inclusive, above, for Lessee, its employees, passengers,
guests, patrons, invitees, suppliers of materials and furnishers of service, its or
their aircraft, equipment, vehicles, machinery, and other property without charge to
409

said employees, passengers, guests, patrons, invitees, suppliers of materials and
furnishers of service, or their said property.

II.

Lessor acknowledges that the transfer from Lessee to Lessor of the real property
on which said Airport is located constitutes full consideration for this lease; and
agrees that during the term hereof Lessee shall not be obligated or required to pay
any rents, tolls, charges, or license fees to Lessor, except as herein otherwise 

expressly provided.

III.

Subject to earlier termination, as hereinafter provided, the term of this lease
shall be for thirty (30) years from and after the date hereof.

IV.

Lessor represents that it has the right to lease said Airport, together with all
of the facilities, rights, licenses, and privileges herein granted, and has full
authority and power to enter into this lease in respect thereof.

V.

Lessee shall have the full right of purchasing at said Airport or elsewhere
gasoline, oil, fuel, lubricating oil, grease, or any other materials, equipment, or
supplies and aircraft from any person, or company of its choice, and no charges, fees,
or tolls of any kind shall be charged by Lessor, directly or indirectly, against
Lessee or its suppliers for the privilege of using, storing, withdrawing, handling,
consuming or transporting the same to, from, or on said Airport. Nothing in this
paragraph contained shall be construed as affecting the right of Lessor to keep in
force all ordinances in effect on November 1, 1940 Imposing license fees on persons,
firms, and corporations doing business in the City of Las Vegas, or similar ordinances.

VI.

Lessor agrees that no charges, fees, tolls, licenses, taxes, or assessments,
other than herein expressly provided for, shall be charged or collected by it, directly
or indirectly, from lessee or any other persons, including, without limitation, taxi
and limousine companies or operators, employees, suppliers of materials, or furnishers
of service for the privilege of serving Lessee or transporting, loading, unloading,
or handling persons, property, or mail to, from, into, or on said Airport in connection
with Lessee's business; provided, however, that Lessor shall not be prevented from
imposing upon and charging taxi and limousine companies or operators serving said
airport the same City license fee imposed upon and charged all taxicabs or taxicab
companies alike doing business in the City of Las Vegas. Nothing in this paragraph
contained shall be construed as affecting the right to Lessor to keep in force all
ordinances in effect on November 1, 1940 imposing license fees on persons, firms and
corporations doing business in the City of Las Vegas, or similar ordinances.

VII.

If lessee is required to procure any licenses or permits from the authorities
of the City of Las Vegas to authorize and permit it to carry on any of the activities
and operations which Lessee is authorized or permitted to carry on under this lease,

Lessee may deduct the cost of such licenses and permits other than those imposed by
ordinance in force at the execution of this lease from any rentals or fees payable by
it hereunder, and if Lessee is required to procure any such licenses or permits from
the County of Clark or the State of Nevada, Lessee may deduct from any rentals or
fees payable by it hereunder the portion, if any, of the cost of such licenses or permits
410

remitted by law or regulation to the City of Las Vegas or remitted for use in
connection with the construction, improvement, maintenance or operation of said
Airport.

VIII.

Lessor agrees that the runways on said Airport and the field lighting equipment 

now or hereafter constructed thereon, and all appurtenances, equipment, facilities,
and services of and at said Airport, shall at all times be maintained by and at the	

expense of Lessor and in such condition and up to such standard as may be required
by the Civil Aeronautics Board for the operation of aircraft now or hereafter operated
by lessee in the conduct of its operations; and Lessor further agrees that all buildings
belonging to Lessor and now or hereafter constructed on said premises shall be kept in
a reasonable state of repair by and at the expense of Lessor.

Lessor agrees to keep said Airport free from obstructions for the safe, convenient,
proper, and continuous use thereof by Lessee, and to maintain and operate said Airport
in all respects at least equal to the highest standards of ratings for airports of similar
size and character issued by the Civil Aeronautics Board and in accordance with all of the
rules and regulations of the Civil Aeronautics Board.

It is expressly understood that Lessor will keep the public space in the administration
building attractively furnished, and will provide and supply heat, light, electricity,
cooling, and water for the public space and Lessee's exclusive space in the administration
building; janitors or other cleaners necessary to keep the Airport and the said spaces in
the administration building at all times clean, neat, orderly, sanitary, and presentable;
all attendants necessary to facilitate the use of the Airport and the administration	as

building and the appurtenances, facilities, and services as aforesaid by anyone hereunder
entitled to use the same, and will also furnish the necessary electrical energy for the
operation of all field lights, it being understood that the coat of power and electricity
for the operation of Lessee's radio equipment, fuel distribution equipment, air compressors,
other ground equipment, and for charging batteries of Lessee shall be borne by Lessee.

It is further understood that Lessee shall pay for its own exclusive telephone service.

IX.

Lessor covenants and agrees to make available reasonable and adequate apace and
proper facilities in the administration building for the use of the United States Customs
and Immigration authorities, representatives of the United States Health Department, the
United States Department of Agriculture, the Civil Aeronautics Board, and the United States
Post Office Department upon such terms and conditions as may be acceptable to said	

agencies.

X.

lessee may, at its own cost and expense, erect on or install on said airport in
convenient spaces to be approved by the City any buildings or structures, including
storage tanks or equipment above, on or under ground that it shall determine to be	

necessary or convenient for use in connection with its operations. Any such buildings
erected shall be designed so as to harmonize with the other buildings adjacent thereto.

No restrictions shall be placed upon Lessee as to the architects, builders, or contractors
who shall be employed by it in connection with the erection of any such buildings, and
Lessor shall provide free ingress and egress to and from said spaces for any person or
411	

or material or thing connected with the erection of any such buildings or structures.

Any buildings, hangars, structures, fixtures, and equipment heretofore or hereafter 

erected or installed by Lessee are to remain the property of Leasee during the
term of this lease or any renewal thereof. All of said buildings, hangars, structures,
fixtures, and equipment hereinabove referred to may be removed by Lessee at any time
up to six (6) months after the termination of this lease, and if not so removed, shall
become a part of the land on which they are erected, and title shall thereafter vest
in the name of Lessor.

XI.

Leasee agrees to furnish sufficient personnel for the reasonable servicing of
transient aircraft at said Airport with gasoline, oil, grease, fuel, and other 

lubricants and for the operation of its fuel storage plant and equipment.

XII.

It is understood and agreed that if the requirements of Leasees are such that
additional space in said administration building or any addition thereto is needed by
Lessee, and if such apace is not already used by other paying tenants of Lessor, then
and in such event Lessee shall have the right to use such necessary additional space;
provided, however in the event Lessee shall be placed in possession of additional space
in the administration building under this paragraph and thereafter Lessor receives an
acceptable and bona fide offer from a prospective tenant to rent such space on a
revenue basis, Lessee shall have the option of dispossessing such space or remaining
in possession upon payment of the same revenue offered by the prospective tenant and
for the same term embraced in the offer.

XIII.

Lessor shall adopt and enforce rules and regulations which Lessee agrees to 

observe and obey with respect to the use of the Airport, which shall provide for the
safety of those using the same; provided that such rules and regulations shall be
consistent with safety and with rules, regulations, and orders of the Civil Aeronautics
Board with respect to aircraft operations at said Airport; and provided further that
such rules and regulations shall not be inconsistent with the provisions of this
lease or the procedures prescribed or approved from time to time by the Civil 

Aeronautics Board with respect to landing and taking-off of Lessee's aircraft at said
Airport.

XIV.

Lessor shall have no control whatsoever over the rates, fares, or charges that
Lessee may prescribe for any of its services by air or land to, from or through said
Airport, or between the Airport and its ticket offices or other stopping places in the
City of Las Vegas, the intent hereof being that Lessee may establish such rates, fares,
and charges as it, in its uncontrolled discretion, may desire to establish, subject,
however, to any, and all appropriate rules, regulations, or orders of the Civil 

Aeronautics Board.

XV.

If the administration building shall be damaged by fire or other casualty, the
same shall be repaired with due diligence by Lessor at its own cost and expense. In
case said administration building is completely destroyed by fire or casualty, or so
damaged that it cannot reasonably be repaired within thirty (30) working days, then
and in such event Lessee shall have the right to construct at a convenient place at a
412

upon said Airport a temporary building for the exclusive use of said Leassee, its
employees, patrons, paasengers and invitees. It is understood and agreed that
Lessor shall keep the administration building insured against fire, earthquake,
and elements at its highest insurable amount, and will pay the premiums on such 

insurance; and it is agreed that in case of loss under any such policy that the amount
recovered from such insurance companies shall be used exclusively in the repair and
reconstruction of the premises so damaged. It is further understood and agreed that
Lessor will also insure and keep insured any other building erected upon said premises
by Lessor, and that the proceeds derived from any loss under such policy shall be used
in repairing or replacing the property so damaged.

XVI.

In the event Lessee shall abandon and discontinue the conduct and operation of,
or be permanently prevented by any final action of any Federal or State authority from,
conducting and operating its air transportation system at the airport, or in case Lessee
shall fail to perform, keep, and observe any of the terms, covenants, or conditions herein
contained on the part of Lessee to be performed, kept or observed, Lessor may give Lessee
written notice to correct such condition or cure such default, and if any such condition
or default shall continue for sixty (60) days after the receipt of such notice by lessee,
then Lessor may, after a lapse of said sixty (60) days period, and prior to the correction 

or curing of such condition or default, terminate this lease by a thirty (30)
days written notice; and the term hereby demised shall thereupon cease and expire at the
end of such thirty (30) days in the same manner and to the same effect as if it were the
expiration of the original term.

XVII.

Lessor agrees that upon the performance of the conditions, covenants, and agreements
on the part of Lessee to be performed hereunder Lessee shall peaceably have and enjoy the
leased premises and all the rights and privileges at said Airport, its appurtenances and
facilities herein granted.

XVIII.

Whenever the term "Civil Aeronautics Board" is used in this Lease it shall be 

construed as referring to the Civil Aeronautics Board created by the Federal Government under
the Civil Aeronautics Act of 1938, or to such other Federal Government authority which may
be the successor thereto or be vested with the same or similar authority.

XIX.

Notice to Lessor provided for herein may be served by mailing the same by registered
mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the City Clerk of the City of Lae Vegas, Las Vegas,
Nevada; and notice to Lessee may be served by mailing the same by registered mail, postage
prepaid, addressed to Lessee at Burbank, California.

XX.

All the covenants, stipulations, and agreements in this Lease shall extend to and
bind the successors and assigns of the respective parties hereto.

XXI.

This lease shall be deemed to be made in and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of Nevada.
413

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation, has caused

this lease to be executed in duplicate by its Mayor and attested by its City Clerk under

the seal of said City, and said Western Air Express Corporation has caused this lease to

be executed in duplicate in its corporate name by its President, or one of its Vice-

Presidents, and its corporate seal to be hereunto affixed and atteated by its Secretary, or

one of its Assistant Secretaries, as of the day and year first above written.

THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS

BY; /s/ john L. Russell_________

Its Mayor

ATTEST:	Viola Burns______

City Clerk	Lessor

WESTERN AIR EXPRESS CORPORATION

BY: /s/ Charlie N. James________

its Vice President

ATTEST:	Paul E. Sullivan

Secretary

Lessee

STATE OF CALIFORNIA )

COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES ) SS:

On this 4th day of September, A. D., one thousand nine hundred and 42, personally
appeared before me, Earnest H. Brown, a Notary Public in and for the County of Los Angeles,

State of California, Charlie N. James known to me to be the Vice President of the 

corporation that executed the foregoing instrument, and upon oath did depose that he is the
officer of said corporation as above designated; that he is acquainted with the seal of
said corporation, and that the seal affixed to said instrument is the corporate seal of
said corporation; that the signatures to said instrument were made by the officers of
said corporation as indicated after said signatures, and that the said corporation 

executed the said instrument freely and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein
mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my Official Seal, the day
and year in this certificate first above written.

/s/ Earnest H. Brown

Notary Public in and for the County

of	____________________

State of

My commission expires Deo. 5, 1944.

EXHIBIT 1.

The following described real property situate in the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
to-wit:

The East half (E 1/2) and the East half of the Southwest Quarter (E 1/2of SW 1/4)
of Section Three (3); the West half of the Northwest Quarter (w 1/2 of NW 1/4);
the Northeast Quarter of the Northwest Quarter (NE 1/4 of NW 1/4); and the
Northwest Quarter of the Southwest Quarter (NW 1/4 of SW 1/4) of Section Two (2);
all in Township Twenty (20) South, Range Sixty-two (62) East, M.D.B. & M.;
also the Southeast Quarter (SE 1/4) of Section Thirty-Four (34); the West half
of the Southwest Quarter (SW 12 of SW 1/4); and the Northeast Quarter of the
Southwest Quarter (NE 1/4 of SW 1/4) of Section Thirty-five (35); all in Township
Nineteen (19) South, Range Sixty-two (62) East, M. D. B. & M.

Also the following described fixtures, appurtenances and personal property situate
on the above described peal property, to-wit:

1 Deep Well Deming water pump

1 Westinghouse motor 220V 2 HP with belt and pulley
1 Water Tower House 15 x 15 feet
1 General Electric rotating beacon 24"

1 Green rotating beacon 12" lite
1 Office Building 12' x 17' for CAA
1 Oarage 27" x 24'

1 Administration Building
 Kohler house 14' x 24'

1 Kohler plant complete 5KVA 220 V
1 Jeffries auto transformer for field lites
1 General Electric transformer 220 V 2KW
1 Fuse panel for entire field service
1 Switch box 110V single phase
1 Switch box 220 V three phase
1 Lighted wind sock complete on garage

1 Lighted wind sock on field - approx. 17296 feet parkway cable in field lite service.

52 Field lite cones complete with lites
3 extra cones
1 water tank 5000 gal.

1 LACO Model 12NL Oil Burned furnace complete with 500 gal. tank.

—00O00--
414

LEASE

This Indenture of leasehold, made and entered into this 4th day of June, A. D.,

1941, by and between the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, a Municipal
Corporation, as party of the first part, and the Las Vegas Gas Company, a Nevada 

Corporation, as party of the second part, for a period of twenty (20) years,

WITNESSETH:

That the Party of the first part, for and in consideration of the covenants and
conditions hereinafter to be kept and performed by the party of the second part and for
and in consideration of the rent hereinafter reserved to be paid does hereby lease, demise
and rent unto the party of the second part a plat of ground owned by said City, 

approximately 200 feet for the erection of a Gas Plant for the distribution of gas to the United	

States Government for use at the Gunnery School to be erected near the Airport owned by
the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, under such rules and regulations as may be
prescribed by the United States Government and the City of Las Vegas from time to time
should the exigency therefore arise.

The property leased to the party of the second part by the party of the first part
is described as follows:

"25 WEST OF THE EAST LINE OP THE NORTH WEST QUARTER OP THE NORTHWEST QUARTER OF	

SEC. 3 AND ADJOINING THE NORTH LINE OF ACCESS ROAD RIGHT OP WAY."

The rental for said premises la to be fifteen dollars per month commencing of the
tenth day of June, 1941, and fifteen dollars on each tenth day of each and every month
thereafter.

It is further agreed that in case the United States Government should abandon the
gunnery school at the said Army camp, then this lease may by mutual consent be cancelled
upon thirty days written notice given by one party to the other party.

At the expiration of the time of this lease the party of the second part shall have
the right to remove from said leased property the said gas plant at their own expense and
upon conditions that they leave said premises in as good order as they now are.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, A MUNICIPAL CORPORATION

BY:	Howell C. Garrison

Mayor

Las Vegas Gas Company, Party of the Second Part.

By:	Howard M. Lang

Vice-President

Attest:	Helen Scott

city Clerk	

SEAL

STATE OP CALIFORNIA ) ss.

COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES )

On this 20th day of Juno, A.D., 1941, before me, Orville A. Schulenberg, a Notary Public
in and for the said County add State, personally appeared Howard M. Lang, Vice-President
of las Vegas Gas Company, the Corporation that executed the within Instrument, known to
me to be the person who executed the within Instrument, on behalf of the Corporation
herein named, and acknowledged to me that such Corporation executed the same.

In Witness Whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day and
year in this certificate first above written.

Orville A. Schulenberg	

Notary Public in and for
Said County and State

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) SS.

On this 10th day of July, nineteen hundred and forty one, personally appeared before me,
a Notary Public in and for said County and State, Howell C. Garrison, Mayor of the City
of Las Vegas, and Helen Scott, City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, known to me to be
the person described in and who executed the foregoing instrument, who acknowledged to
me that they executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes 

therein mentioned.

Helen J. Redford
Notary public in and for the
County of Clark, State of Nevada
415

LEASE

Between City of Las Vegas and
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.

1.	THIS LEASE, made and entered into this 27th day of August in the year one
thousand nine hundred and forty-four by and between City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation 

in the State of Nevada whose address is Las Vegas, Nevada for its heirs, executors, 

administrators, successors, and assigns, hereinafter called the Lessor, and
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, hereinafter called the Government:

WITNESSETH:	The parties hereto for the considerations hereinafter mentioned

covenant and agree as follows:

2.	The Lessor hereby leases to the Government the following described premises,

viz:

That certain location now occupied by the former Civilian Conservation Corps,

buildings heretofore described as Las Vegas Camp 0-122.

to be used exclusively for the following purposes (see instruction No. 3):

Warehouse, repair shop, and equipment storage.

3.	To HAVE AND TO HOLD the said premises with their appurtenances for the term
beginning October 14, 1944, the date of acceptance of transfer of the buildings on the
land by the Acting Secretary of the Department of the Interior and ending with June 30,

1945.

4.	The Government shall not assign this lease in any event, and shall not sublet 

the demised premises except to a desirable tenant, and for a similar purpose, and
will not permit the use of said premises by anyone other than the Government, such sublessee, 

and the agents and servants of the Government, or of such sublessee.

5.	This lease may, at the option of the Government, be renewed from year to

year at a rental of Ten Dollars per annum and otherwise upon the terms and conditions
herein specified, provided notice be given in writing to the Lessor at least Thirty
days before this lease or any renewal thereof would otherwise expire: Provided that

no renewal thereof shall extend the period of occupancy of the premises beyond the
30th day of June 1949:	Provided that said option to renew the terms of this lease is

subject to revocation by the Lessor notifying the Lessee in writing at least thirty
(30) days prior to the expiration of this lease that the premises subject of this
lease are needed by the Lessor for Municipal purposes.

7.	The Government shall pay the Lessor for the premises rent at the following

rate:	Ten Dollars per annum.	Payment shall be made at the end of each fiscal

year.

8.	The Government shall have the right, during the existence of this lease, to
make alterations, attach fixtures, and erect additions, structures, or signs, in or upon
the premises hereby leased (provided such alterations, additions, structures, or signs
shall not be detrimental to or Inconsistent with the rights granted to other tenants on
the property or in the building in which said premises are located); which fixtures,
additions, or structures so placed in or upon or attached to the said premises shall be
and remain the property of the Government and may be removed therefrom by the Government
prior to the termination of this lease, and the Government, if required by the Lessor,
shall, before the expiration of this lease or renewal thereof, restore the premises to
the same condition as that existing at the time of entering upon the same under this
lease, reasonable and ordinary wear and tear and damages by the elements or by circumstances 

over which the Government has no control, excepted; Provided, however, that if
the Lessor requires such restoration, the Lessor shall give written notice thereof to
the Government Ninety days before the termination of the lease. The lessor shall allow 

the Government ninety (90) days after expiration of this lease or any renewal
thereof in which to remove all buildings situated on said premises.

9.	The Lessor shall, unless herein specified to the contrary, maintain the said
premises in good repair and tenant able condition during the continuance of this lease,
except in case of damage arising from the act or the negligence of the Government's
agents or employees. For the purpose of so maintaining the premises, the Lessor reserves 

the right at reasonable times to enter and Inspect the premises and to make any
necessary repairs thereto.

10.	If the said premises be destroyed by fire or other casualty this lease shall
immediately terminate. In case of partial destruction or damage, so as to render the
premises untenantable, either party may terminate the lease by giving written notice

to the other within fifteen days thereafter, and if so terminated no rent shall accrue
to the Lessor after such partial destruction or damage.

11.	No Member of or Delegate to Congress or Resident Commissioner shall be admitted
to any share or part of this lease or to any benefit to arise therefrom. Nothing, however, 

herein contained shall be construed to extend to any incorporated company, if the
lease be for the general benefit of such corporation or company.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have hereunto subscribed their names as
of the date first above written.

In presence of:	CITY OF LAS VEGAS

Helen Scott Reed	E. W. Cragin, Mayor, Lessor.

City Clerk

United States of America

by Hulig E. Ussery

Acting Regional Grazier
416

Between the City of Las Vegas, Nevada and The United States of America.

1. THIS LEASE, made and entered into this 14th day of July in the year one
thousand nine hundred and —43-- by and between The City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a mun-
icipal corporation, whose address is Las Vegas, Nevada, and whose interest in the
property hereinafter described is that of fee simple owner for itself, its successors,
and assigns, hereinafter called the Lessor, and THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, herein-
after called the Government:

	WITNESSETH:

The parties hereto for the considerations hereinafter mentioned covenant and
agree as follows:

2.	The Lessor hereby leases to the Government the following described premises,

viz:

All that certain real property situated in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, des-
cribed as follows:

All of Section 33, lying southwesterly of the Union Pacific Spur track right of way;
all of the southeast quarter (SE 1/4) of Section 34, lying southeasterly of Highway No. 91;
and the southwest quarter (SW 1/4) of Section 35, all in Township 19, South, Range 62 East,
M. D. B. & M., EXCEPTING THEREFROM the following Government owned Parcel of Land:	The

Southeast quarter (SE 1/4) of the Southwest quarter (SW 1/4) of Section 35, Township 19, South,
Range 62 East, MDB&M.

The North Half (N 1/2) of the Northwest quarter (NW 1/4), the Southwest quarter (SW 1/4) of the
Northwest quarter (NW 1/4), and the Northwest quarter (NW 1/4) of the Southwest quarter (SW 1/4)
of Section 2. all of Section 3; the East half (E 1/2) of Section 4, and the southwest
quarter (SW 1/4) of the Northeast quarter (NE 1/4) of Section 8; all in Township 20, South,
Range 62 East, MDB&M. All according to the United States Government Township Plats,
containing 1830 acres, more or less, of unimproved land.

to be used for the following purpose:

Military Reservation and Air Corps Activity.

3.	TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the add premises with their appurtenances for the term be-
ginning July 14. 1943 through June 30. 1944 provided that, unless and until the Gover-
ment shall give notice of termination in accordance with the provision 12 hereof, this
lease shall remain in force thereafter from year to year without further notice; pro-
vided further that adequate appropriation are available from year to year for the pay-
ment of rentals; and provided further that this lease shall in no event extend beyond
the Thirtieth (30th) day of June 1967. subject, however, to provisions of Paragraph 17.

4.	The Government shall pay the Lessor rent at the following rate:

One Dollar ($1.00) per annum; or any portion thereof. Payment shall be made at the
end of each fiscal year by the Finance Officer, United States Army, 450 Mission Street,
San Francisco, California.

5.	The Government shall not assign this lease in any event, and shall not sublet
the demised premises except to desirable tenants.

6.	The Lessor shall furnish to the Government, as part of the rental consideration,
the following:

Nothing.

7.	The Government shall have the right, during the existence of this lease, to make
alterations, attach fixtures, and erect additions, structures, or signs, in or upon the
premises hereby leased, which fixtures, additions, or structures so placed in, upon or
attached to the said premises shall be and remain the property of the Government and may
be removed or otherwise disposed of by the Government. The Government shall surrender
possession of the premises upon the expiration or termination of this lease, and, if re-
quired by the Lessor, shall, within 90 days thereafter, or within such additional time

as may be mutually agreed upon, return the premises in as good condition as that exist-
ing at the time of entering upon the same under this lease, reasonable and ordinary wear
and tear and damages by the elements or by circumstances over which the Government has
no control, excepted; provided that, if the Lessor requires the return of the premises
in such condition, the Lessor shall give written notice thereof to the Government at
least 30 days before the expiration or termination of the lease, said notice to specify
the exceptions of the Lessor to the then existing condition.

*********

Sections 8, 9, 10, and 11 not applicable to this lease.

************

12.	The Government may terminate this lease at any time by giving thirty (30)
days notice in writing to the Lessor, and no rental shall accrue after the effective
date of termination.

13. Any notice under the terms of this lease shall be in writing signed by a
fuly authorized representative of the party giving such notice, and if given by the
Government shall be addressed to the Lessor at Las Vegas, Nevada, and if given by the
Lessor sha11 be addressed to Division Engineer, Pacific Division, 351 California Street
San Francisco. California. Attention:	Heal Estate bivision.
417

14.	The Lessor Warrants that he has not employed any person to solicit or se-
cure this lease upon any agreement for a commission, percentage, brokerage, or
contingent fee. Breach of this warranty shall give the Government the right to annul
the lease, or, in its discretion, to deduct from the rental the a mount of such com-
mission, percentage, brokerage, or contingent fees. This warranty shall not apply to
commissions payable by lessors upon contracts or leases secured or made through bona
fide established commercial or selling agencies maintained by the Lessor for the pur-
pose of securing business.

15.	No member of or Delegate to Congress or Resident Commissioner shall be
admitted to any share or part of this lease or to any benefit that may arise there-
from, but this provision shall not be construed to extend to this lease if made with
a corporation for its general benefit.

16.	The Government, during the period that said premises are used exclusively
for military purposes, shall repair and maintain in serviceable condition the landing
areas and improvements, facilities and equipment thereon used by the Government; provided
that during the period of this lease or any renewal, whenever said premises are not used
exclusively for military purposes, the Government shall perform its proportionate share
of the repairs and maintenance of said premises to the extent made necessary by their
use by the Government, and the Lessor shall perform its proportionate share of addi-
tional repairs and maintenance.

17. From the date of commencement of this lease to a date six months after the
termination of the unlimited National Emergency declared by the President on May 27,

1941 (Proclamation N. 2487), the government shall have the exclusive use of the demised
premises; provided that the term of this lease or any renewal thereof shall expire six
months after the termination of the said unlimited national emergency, unless the said
lease, with the approval of the Secretary of War and the Administrator of Civil
Aeronautics, or successors, is further renewed annually under the provisions of Para-
graph 2 hereof; provided further that during the periods for which provision is made for
exclusive use of the premises for military purposes, the military commander may from time
to time permit by instruments in writing, the use by commercial, private or other-
none-military aircraft of landing areas whenever and no such periods of time as said use
does not interfere with military operations but all such uses shall be subject to such
rules, regulations and control as the military commander may prescribe, subject to the
provisions of Paragraphs 19 and 20.

18.	The Government, at its option, may leave in place the alterations and im-
provements made to landing areas in lieu of the restoration of landing areas, as
provided in Paragraph 8 of this lease.

19.	The Government covenants and agrees that none of the terms or provisions
of this lease shall abrogate the right of the lessor to continue the operation of
Las Vegas Airport as a civil airline airport and air terminal, neither shall any
provision of this lease abrogate any leases or agreements between Lessor and civil
airline and air transport operators authorized under Federal law to use the airport;
subject only to such emergency restrictions as may be placed on such operations by
military authority for reasons of national security.

20.	The Lessor agrees to continue to operate the Las Vegas Airport as a major
air terminal, together with all lighting, radio and other air navigation aids, faci-
lities and conveniences essential and common to such operation and not operated by the
Government, as Federal aids to air navigation.

21.	This lease superceded Lease No W 766 qm 5336 and Supplemental Agreement No.l
thereto, and add lease is hereby cancelled. Any additions, fixtures or structures
placed upon the demised premises during the term of that lease by the Government shall
remain the property of the Government.

Paragraphs 16, 17, 18, 19, 20 and 21 added prior to signature.

Paragraphs 8, 9, 10 and 11 deleted prior to signature.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have hereunto subscribed their names
as of the date written above:

In presence of :

/s/ Helen Scott Reed	The City of Las Vegas, Nevada

City Clerk	Lessor

Las Vegas, Nevada________ By:	/s/ E. W. Cragin_______

(Address)"	Mayor

/s/ M. Cazier________

Auditor	^

(Address)	———————————————

THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,

By:	/s/ Leo B. Varty

Contracting Officer

Leo B. Varty

Captain

Corps of Engineers

Contracting Officer
418

(If Lessor is a corporation, the following certificate shall be executed by the secretary
or assistant secretary:)

I,	A. F. Smith, Sr, Finance Commissioner,	certify that I am

the secretary of the corporation named as Lessor in the attached lease; that

E.	W. Cragin, who signed said lease on behalf of the

Lessor, was then and is now mayor of said corporation that said lease was duly signed
for and in behalf of said corporation by authority of its governing body, and is within
the scope of its corporate powers.

/s/ A. F. Smith. Sr.____________ 

(Corporate)

( Seal )

		

LEASE BETWEEN

City of Las Vegas, Nevada_________

AND

THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

This to notify the above-named lessor that under the provisions of paragraph
5 of Lease No. 1-3dg-3654, dated August 27, 1944 between City of Las Vegas, and
the United States of America for premises, viz:

That certain location now occupied by the former Civilian Conservation Corps,
building heretofore described as Las Vegas Camp G-122.

the United States of America this 1st day of May, 1945 elects to renew the said	

lease for the period of one year from and after June 20, 1945, and by these presents 

does renew, extend, and adopt the said lease and all the terms and conditions 

thereof for the period beginning July 1, 1945, and ending June 30, 1946.

The lessor is requested to acknowledge receipt hereof.

_____June 8, 1945

Date	THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT:	U.S. CRAZING SERVICE

The above notice or re-
newal is hereby accepted

CITY OF LAS VEGAS	By /s/ C. E. Dean.______________

By /s/ E. W. Cragin	C. E. Dean

Regional Office Manager

Title Mayor________________

------------0-------------


419

LEASE RENEWAL

DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
Civil Aeronautics Administration

May 27, 1944

City of Las Vegas	C

Las Vegas, Nevada

0

Dear Sirs:

	P

Contract No. C6ca-ll58__________ dated April 6. 1943

Y

covering Radio Range Control Quarters and teletype station

	is hereby renewed pursuant to the terms thereof for the period

beginning July 1, 19 44 and ending June 30, 1945	0

F

Annual rental $1.00	Area 336 Sq. Ft.

Address or location of property New Administration_______________

L

Building, McCarran Field, Las Vegas, Nevada.__________________

E

In the event this property has been sold by you, or

T

if you have changed your mailing address from that shown on

T

this notice, this office should be advised immediately.

E

This renewal is contingent upon funds being 

appropriated by Congress for the payment of the rental.	R

Very truly yours,

/s/ G. W. Hammond
Administrative Officer

---------0------

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE

WEATHER BUREAU
Washington 25

NOTICE OF RENEWAL -

City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

You are advised than, in accordance with the renewal option conferred upon the
Government by the following instrument:

A lease, dated May 25, 1943, the terms and conditions of which provide for this	

	notice and the leasing by you to the Government of one room, containing approximately 

374 square feet of office space on the ground floor of the new Administration
Building; approximately 150 square feet of roof space thereon for the exposure
of instrumental equipment, etc.; and between 150 and 250 square feet of ground
space for the location of Weather Bureau inflation building; together with sufficient
ground space for pilot balloon theodolite platform and the installation of ceiling
light projector, with cable connections; with ready and convenient access to all space
at all times; located at McCarran Field, Las Vegas, Nevada; for the period beginning
July 1, 1942, and ending June 30, 1943, subject to renewal thereafter in accordance
	with the terms thereof;

Which lease has been renewed through June 30, 1944:

all of the conditions and provisions of the said instrument are hereby extended to cover
the periods beginning July 1, 1944, and ending June 30, 1945, inclusive.

The considerations, acts, promises, agreements, and provisions to be executed and
performed by each party as originally provided therein shall remain in full force and
effect for the said extended period.

This renewal is conditions upon the passage of an appropriation by Congress from
which expenditures thereunder may be made and shall not obligate the United States
upon failure of Congress to so appropriate.

Sincerely yours,

Chief, U. S. Weather Bureau
420

LAS VEGAS INSTRUMENT LANDING SYSTEM
LOCALIZER AMD GLIDE PATH UNIT

AGREEMENT

Between

CITY OF LAS VEGAS
And

THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

L. THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into this 21st day of February
in the year one thousand nine hundred and forty five , by and between

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

whose address is 400 Stewart Avenue, Las Vegas, Nevada, for its administrators,
successors, and assigns, hereinafter called the grantor, and the

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, hereinafter called the Government.

WITNESSETH:	The parties hereto for and in consideration of the premises and other

good and valuable consideration covenant and agree as follows:

2.	The grantor hereby grants to the Government the right to install, operate,
and maintain certain units of an Instrument Landing System, known as a Localizer,

and Glide Path Unit and necessary control facilities at the following described
locations on the Las Vegas Municipal Airport, otherwise known as McCarran Field:

A.	LOCALIZER

From a 4"x4" post at the SW corner of Sec. 35, T19S, R62E, MDB&M go N47°

09' E, 976.2 Feet to a 1" iron pipe which is the point of Beginning,
thence N 40° 56' 52" E, 260 feet to a 1" iron pipe, thence S 49° 03' 08" E,
215 feet to a L" iron pipe, thence S 40° 56' 52" W, 260 feet to a 1" iron
pipe, thence No 49° 03' 08" W, 215 feet to the point of beginning com-
prising 1.28 acres, more or less.

B.	GLIDE PATH UNIT

This unit shall be located at a point which is 400 feet left (SE) of Runway 

Centerline Station 66/00 or the NE-SW Runway.

Together with the right to utilize any existing power lines, control lines,
conduits, or other facilities under the control or jurisdiction of the Grantor
which are adaptable to the purposes of the Government, and the right to install
underground cable, overhead power lines, conduit or other facilities as required
for construction, operation, and maintenance of the complete Instrument Landing
System. Such underground cable, overhead power lines, or conduit may be installed
on or in property of the Grantor along routes mutually agreed upon;

Together with right of ingress and egress to and from the premises.

3.	The Grantor hereby certifies that all lands used in the installation are
under the jurisdiction of the Grantor by virtue of a deed or grant of long-term
lease or other instrument and agrees to indemnify and save harmless the Government
and its agents from any and all claims which might arise from or in connections
with the installation, excepting claims for materials furnished or work performed
pursuant to authority given by officers, employees, or agents of the Government.

The Grantor further agrees to assist the Government in any manner feasible
in the construction, improvement, operation, and maintenance of the installation,
and to furnish the electric energy required for the operation of the installation.

The payment for electric energy used will become effective upon termination
of the existing airport lease between the City of Las Vegas and the War Department.

It is mutually understood that the Army will pay for all energy used in the operation
of the installation during the period of Army occupation of the Las Vegas Municipal
Airport.

The Grantor further agrees not to erect or allow to be erected any structures
of any kind or nature on the premises which will interfere with the proper operation
of this installation without the written consent of the Government.

4.	This agreement shall become effective March 21. 1945	and shall

remain in effect thereafter until further notice, upon the same terms and conditions
herein specified; PROVIDED HOWEVER, that either party may cancel this agreement

by giving notice in writing at least six months in advance, or at any date which may
be mutually agreed upon in writing between the parties. All equipment, appurtenances,
structures, or other property installed by the Government at any time after the
termination of the agreement.

5.	No Member or Delegate to congress or Resident Commissioner shall be
admitted to any share or part of this agreement or to any benefit to arise therefrom. 

Nothing, however, herein contained shall be construed to extend to any
incorporated company, if the agreement be for the general benefit of such 

corporation or company.
421

6.	Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary this agreement is subject
to all terms, rights and restrictions set forth in all prior leases, licenses,
and/or agreements between the Grantor and the War Department covering the same
property of the Grantor as long as such leases, licenses, and/or agreements are in
effect.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this instrument to be executed
by their duly authorized officers the day and year first written above.

	ATTEST:	CITY OP LAS VEGAS NEVADA

/s/ Helen Scott Reed	By /s/ E. W. Cragin. Mayor

City Clerk

THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

By /s/ W. C. Thompson_______________

W. C. Thompson

Contract & Service Officer

Civil Aeronautics Administration

AMENDMENT NO. I

AGREEMENT between CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, and THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
dated February 21, 1945 and involving the Las Vegas Instrument Landing System -

Article 7 shall be added to the above Agreement, to read as follows:

"7. Non-Discrimination:	The grantor shall not discriminate against

any employee or applicant for employment because of race, creed, color,
or national origin. The grantor shall include a similar provision in
any subcontract he may enter into in connection with the performance of
this agreement. (Executive Order 9346, dated May 27, 1943.)"

ATTEST:	CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

/s/ Helen Scott Reed_________ By /s/ E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

THE UNITED	STATES OF AMERICA

	By /s/ W. C. Thompson

Date:	3/26/45______________ ________________________________________*-----------

	Contract	& Service Officer

Civil Aeronautics Administration



