167

Las Vegas, Nevada	

November 26, 1947

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Office of the Mayor at the War Memorial Building on Wednesday, November
26th, 1947, at the hour of 9:30 A.M. to act upon the following:

Act op resolution re:	emergency loan for transfer of funds	

2.	Act on Resolution re:	S. George Gilson

E. W. Cragin

Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor and to C. R. Clark, R. T. Baskin, R. T. Moore, Reed Whipple, Com-
missioners; and J. M. Murphy, City Manager of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor
Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada will
be held in the office of the Mayor, at the War Memorial Building, on Wednesday, November 26th

1947 at the hour of 9:30 A.M. to act upon the following:

1. Act on Resolution re: Emergency loan for transfer of funds.

2. Act on Resolution re: S. George Gilson

Helen Scott Reed_________

City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned, Mayor, Commissioners and City Manager of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
do hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notices of Special Meeting.

Reed Whipple
Robert T. Moore
Pat Clark

J.	M. Murphy	

E. W. Cragin

Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 9:30 A.M.
with the following members present:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple, City Manager J. M.

Murphy and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin, and City Attorney,

C. Norman Cornwall.

RESOLUTION NO. 108 The following Resolution was presented to the Board for their consideration:

WHEREAS, no appropriations were made in the 1947 Budget of the City of
Las Vegas for the purpose of providing funds to meet the following obli-
gations and necessary general operating expenses of said City, to-wit:

1.	An accrued indebtedness and binding obligation
payable out of the Emergency Loan Retirement
Fund, incurred by reason of an emergency loan
authorized by resolution of the Board of Com-
missioners of said City dated the 9th day of
September 1946, to defray the cost of completing

the construction of the police station	$100,000.00

2.	Anticipated necessary expenditures, payable
out of the Street Department Expenses Account
of the General Fund, for the rental use of

equipment and the purchase of supplies	10,000.00

3.	Anticipated necessary expenditures, payable
out of the Motor Vehicles Account of the

General Fund, for the cost of repairs to
equipment, purchase of supplies, and sundry
operating costs	4,000.00

4.	Anticipated necessary expenditures, payable
out of the Sewage Disposal Account of the
General Fund, for the rental use of equip-
ment, purchase of supplies, and sundry

operating costs	4,000.00

5.	An accrued indebtedness and binding obligation,
payable out of the Swimming Pool Bond Interest
and Redemption Fund, for accrued interest
payments on the Las Vegas 1947 Swimming Pool

Bonds, Series A	1,218.75

and