30

CEMETERY DEPARTMENT Commissioner Clark moved that the purchasing procedure for the pur-

Black Top 	chase of forty-four hundred square yards of Black top at seventy-five

	cents a square yard for use at the Cemetery, and the City Manager

authorized to purchase same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Bates.

DISPOSAL PLANT 	Commissioner Baskin moved that the proposed contract with Ralph O'Neil

PLANNING 	for a disposal plant and out fall be referred to Mr. O'Neil for his

signature after which the Mayor and City Clerk are hereby authorized to
sign it on behalf of the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Bates.

LAS VEGAS BASEBALL	Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to

CLUB		sign that certain agreement heretofore presented to the Board between

Agreement 	the Las Vegas Baseball Club and the City of Las Vegas for the use of the

	City Park area.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bates.

POLICE STATION 	Commissioner Clark moved that the Claim of C. B. Bagnall for additional

CONTRACT		labor due to increase of labor rates on the City jail and Police Station

for the following months; be	approved subject to final audit:

December 1946	$4,850.65

January 1947	2,758.69

February 1947	1,082.71

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Bates.

STREETS & HIGHWAYS Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized to open the

necessary dedicated streets lying north of Charleston Blvd. between
tenth and fourteenth streets where projects are under construction.

That said streets be graded and graveled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

STREETS & HIGHWAYS The following recommendation was presented from the joint planning
Kline Condemnation Commission:

14th Street 

OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION

March 21, 1947

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Streets and Highways

Kline Condemnation
Fourteenth Street

Gentlemen:

In accordance with a request of the City Manager dated
March 17, 1947, we have considered the above mentioned subject with
respect to the re-adjustment of South Fourteenth Street.

It is the opinion of this Commission that the request of the
Defendant to readjust the alignment of said street 15.71 feet westerly
of the present mapped location (Exhibit "B") is reasonable and is recom-
mended. It is further recommended that consideration also be given to
the opening of Clark Avenue, within this property, to a uniform width of
sixty-five feet, but in no case less than sixty feet to produce a uniform
section. This street opening is indicated as fifty feet on Exhibit "B".

This action was made at a special meeting of the Joint Planning
Commission held March 20, 1947.

Respectfully,

LAS VEGAS—CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

s/c. G. Petrie
Planning Engineer