307



Hundred Dollars ($17,500) which is to be held by you pending compliance with the conditions
of this bid, and is only to be used as part payment for said bonds when approved and delivered
to us. Said check is to be returned to us if this bid is not Accepted, or if the above mentioned
attorneys should decline to approve the legality of this issue.

Respectfully submitted,

Paine, Webber, Jackson & Curtis
Stem Brothers & Company

By: P. K. Van Winkle

Manager, Municipal Dept.

eo

NOW, THEREFORE, be it further resolved that there shall be issued and delivered to the
purchasers, their agents or assigns, the $350,000 Las Vegas, Nevada, Sewage Disposal Bonds,

Series of May 1, 1948, as soon as legally possible, upon receipt of the purchase price therefor
plus accrued interest from the date of the bonds to the date of their delivery. Said bonds
are to bear interest as outlined in the bid of the successful bidder.

The Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada, does hereby find and declare that the
life of the improvements to be constructed out of the sale of the $350,000 Las Vegas, Nevada,
Sewage Disposal bonds, Series of May 1, 1948, shall and will be greater than twenty-years; that
all resolutions or parts thereof in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

This resolution shall become effective and be in force immediately upon its adoption.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 5th day of October, 1948.

/s/ E. W. Cragin



Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Shirley Ballinger

City clerk	

Commissioner Baskin seconded the adoption of the foregoing resolution, and the same on being
put to a vote was unanimously carried by the affirmative vote of all of the Commissioners present,
the vote being as follows:

Mayor	E. W. Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner	R. T. Baskin	"Aye"

Commissioner	Robert T. Moore	"Aye"

Absent:

Commissioner	C. R. Clark

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

ADOPTED AND APPROVED THIS 5th Day of October, 1948.

/s/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk -----------------------

On motion duly made, seconded and carried, the meeting adjourned.

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 7, 1948

A regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 7th day of October, 1948, was called
to order at the hour of 2:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members present:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore and Whipple. Also present:	City Manager J. M. Murphy, City

Attorney C. Norman Cornwall and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

PAYROLL WARRANTS Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1618, 1620 to 1628 inclusive in the net sum of
 $27,752.82 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Baskin,
Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.