525

L. G. McNeil, President, E. H. Davis, Secretary, John N. Bentley, Edmund Converse, Alan Hays,
and Frances G. Hays to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as there-
in set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and filed in the records of this Board.

oOo——

RESOLUTION NO. 125

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of December, 1948, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada that the deed dated the 29th day of October, 1947,
executed by Mastercraft Homes, Inc. to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and filed in the records of this Board.

RESOLUTION NO. 126

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of December, 1948, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 6th day of December, 1948,
executed by Carl A. Huffey and Julia S. Huffey to the City of las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the
purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to s aid deed, and that the
same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and filed in the records of this Board.

———oOo——

RESOLUTION NO. 127

WHEREAS, the CITY OF LAS VEGAS is the owner in fee of the land and premises embraced
within the municipal airport known as MCCARRAN FIELD in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and

WHEREAS, the Government of the United States is desirous of acquiring McCarran Field
as a permanent military establishment, for the United States Air Force and the training of its
personnel, and

WHEREAS, the creation and maintenance of such military establishment in such close
proximity to the City of Las Vegas constitutes a public use, and will greatly subserve the public
interest and result in a corporate benefit.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
at a special meeting thereof, held on the 9th day of December, 1948, that said City, unconditionally
and without restriction, except as hereinafter provided, donate by deed of conveyance all of said
City's right, title and interest in and to the land and premises comprising MCCARRAN FIELD,
situate as aforesaid, to the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA to be solely devoted by it to military
purposes as an air field for the United States Air Force and the training of its personnel, upon
the condition, however, that upon the abandonment and cessation of such use and purposes by the
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, said land and premises shall revert to the CITY OF IAS VEGAS, and there-
upon the said City shall have the right of immediate re-entry.

—- --oOo- ——

RESOLUTION NO. 126

BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of January, 1949, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 14th day of January,

1949, executed by Helen E. Tucker of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that the
same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
filed in the records of this Board.



RESOLUTION NO. 129

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of February, 1949, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 25th day of January, 1949,
executed by C. S. Wengert and C. Leland Ronnow to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes
and intentions as therein set forth; and,