143

RESOLUTION No. 104	On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Clark

RE: SEWER WAR PUBLIC carried unanimously the following resolution was adopted and order made:

WORKS PROJECT #Nev.

26-116-F	RESOLUTION #104

WHEREAS, the Government of the United States of America, during the recent war
time emergency, constructed, acquired and established Sewer War Public Works facilities
identified as Project No. Nev. 26-116-F and consisting generally of a disposal plant,
pipes, pipelines, accessories and facilities for the conveyance of sewage, together
with certain lands or interests in lands, in or near the City of Las Vegas, Clark County ,
Nevada, and

WHEREAS, the Government of the United States of America, by instrument in writing
dated July 1, 1946, leased the aforesaid Project to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
and by provision in said instrument granted to said City the option, during the original
term of said lease, or any renewal thereof, to purchase all of the Government's right,
title and interest in and to the leased property for the agreed and stipulated consideration
of the principal sum of Three Hundred twenty thousand Dollars ($320,000.00), less the
amount of all rental payments made under said lease, plus interest computed at the
rate of three per cent (3%) per annum on the principal sum or balances thereof, and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is now considering the acquisition of all of the
Government's right, title and interest in and to the aforesaid Project, by and through
its exercise of the option aforesaid, and

WHEREAS, a technical engineering investigation now discloses that the sewer works
of said Project have depreciated a far greater rate than that anticipated at the time
of the execution of the option agreement aforesaid and assumed as the basis for the
fixation of a fair valuation of said Project to be paid by the City of Las Vegas upon
the exercise of its option to purchase the same and

WHEREAS, in the light of the facts, revealed by said investigation, that deterioration
in said sewer works is progressing at a spiraling rate, resulting in an excessively
increased flow of infiltrated ground waters, necessitating the additional fixed cost of
treating the same, and that the utility life of said works is consequently considerably
shorter than that contemplated at the time of the execution of said option agreement,
obviously requiring an earlier retirement and replacement of said works, it now appears
that the valuation of said Project as reflected in the consideration expressed in the
option agreement for the purchase of said Project by the City of Las Vegas failed to
take into account circumstances subsequently developing and unforeseen at the time of
said agreement which would have materially effected a reduced and more accurate and
equitable valuation, and

WHEREAS, it was the intention of the parties at that time to express a consideration
which reflected a reasonably accurate, fair and equitable valuation of said Project, now,
therefore, be it

RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in regular
session this 29th day of September, 1947, that it respectfully urge and request the
Government of the United States of America, through its duly constituted agencies,
to re-open and re-consider the question of the valuation for the Project aforesaid, and
join with the City of Las Vegas in an examination of all the facts and circumstances
now known or available having any bearing upOn a determination of a more accurate, fair
and equitable consideration to be paid by said City upon the exercise of its option
to purchase said Project.

E. W. CRAGIN
Mayor

ATTEST:

HELEN SCOTT REED
City Clerk

(SEAL)

SWIMMING POOL BATH-	Commissioner Baskin moved that the claim of the N. P. Van Valkenburg

HOUSE CLAIM N. P.	Company contractors on	the	swimming pool bath houses in the sum of

VAN VALKENBURG CO.	$10,858.00 be approved	and	the mayor and City clerk authorized to

	sign the warrant when satisfactory to the Controller and City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

WOODLAWN PARK TRACT	Commissioner Whipple moved that the city accept easement across the

SEWER EASMENT	rear of Lots 1-9 incl,	Lots 18-23 incl, Lots 10-7 incl. in Block 2

	of Woodlawn Park Tract	for	sewer extension when satisfactory to the

Legal Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark.and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.