562

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, said City is authorized
to sell or set aside property for certain purposes, and

WHEREAS, it has been determined by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
that it is for the best interests of said City that the land hereinafter described be set
aside for the purpose of erecting a public library,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT resolved, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 13th day of December, 1950, that the fol-
lowing described land be set side for the purpose of erecting a public library, to-wit:

Beginning at the centerline intersection of Stewart Avenue
(formerly Stewart Street) and Fourth Street as shown on Map
of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, on file in the office of the
Clerk and Recorder of Clark County, Book No. 1 of Plata, Page
37; thence N 39°29'01"E, & distance of 491.73 feet to a
point, said point being the true point of beginning; thence
N 27°45'00" E, a distance of 140.00 feet to a point;
thence	N 62°15'	00"	W,	a distance	of 300.00	feet	to	a	point;

thence	S 27°45'	00"	W,	a distance	of 232.34	feet	to	a	point;

thence	S 61°23'	00"	E,	a distance	of 92.85	feet	to	a	point;

thence	along a curve to the left with a central	angle	of 34°

33' 00" and a radius of 210.00 feet a distance of 126.94 feet
to a point; thence N 83°59' 00" E, a distance of 104.97 feet
to the true point of beginning, containing 63, 097.94 square
feet or 1,449 Acres, more or less, said tract or parcel of
land being located in Section 34, Township 20 South and Range
61 East of Mount Diablo Base and Meridian. Basis of Bearings
from Map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

——oOo——

RESOLUTION 206

Commissioner Peccole introduced and moved the following resolution be adopted:

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of las Vegas by Emergency Ordinance
No. 436 passed, adopted and approved the 25th day of October, 1950, declared its determina-
tion to make certain public improvements as therein provided, and fixed a time in which pro-
tests against the proposed improvements or the creation of such district might be heard
and considered by said Board, and directed notice thereof to be given, and

WHEREAS, said Board determined that said notice was given in the manner prescribed
by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the owners of more than one-half the frontage to be assessed have not filed
written objections to the creation of said district, and

WHEREAS, no objections, suggestions, comments nor questions were made or raised at
the protest hearing, and

WHEREAS, said Board by Ordinance No. 443 created Sanitary Sewer Improvement District
No. 200-1 for the purpose of making said improvements, and

WHEREAS, said Board has done all things necessary and preliminary to the letter of the
contract for doing the work and making said improvements.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
at a regular meeting thereof held on the 20th day of December, 1950, that the City Engineer
be and he is hereby directed to give notice and advertise for bids for the furnishing of
all labor, material, transportation, and services for making the improvements in Assessment
District No. 200-1. Said notice shall be published once a week for three successive weeks
in the Las Vegas Review Journal a daily newspaper published in said City. Said Bids are
to be filed with the Board on or before 3:30 P.M., on the 10th day of January, 1951, at
which time they will be opened and publicly read aloud.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye: noes, none.

———oO^——

RESOLUTION 207

Commissioner Peccole introduced and moved the following resolution be adopted:

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas by Emergency Ordinance
No. 437 passed, adopted and approved the 25th day of October, 1950, declared its determination
to make certain public improvements as therein provided, and fixed a time in which protests
against the proposed improvements or the creation of such district might be heard and con-
sidered by said Board, and directed notice thereof to be given, and

WHEREAS, said Board determined that said notice was given in the manner prescribed
by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the owners of more than one-half the frontage to be assessed have not filed
written objections to the creation of said district, and

WHEREAS, no objections, suggestions, comments nor questions were made or raised at the
protest hearing, and

WHEREAS, said Board by Ordinance No. 444 created Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment
District No. 200-3 for the purpose of making said improvements, and

WHEREAS, said Board has done all things necessary and preliminary to the letting of the