424

VADA'S CAFE
WESTERN LIQUOR STORE

Hafen Leavitt
R. J. Stephens

New Applications

ASSOCIATED STATION
BILL'S LUNCH BAR
BROWNEES STEAK HOUSE
SNYDER'S

Earl E. Wilson
Robert Peccole
Abe Kroloff
L. L. Snyder

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that all renewal gaming applications be granted with the
exception of Twin Lakes Farm for two slot machines and Orange Julius application be approved for
eight (8) slot machines instead of thirteen (13), and further than inactive licenses be held in
abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the applications for gaming licenses for the third quarter, 1949, of	

the Western Club, the Westener, and the Nevada Biltmore Hotel be held in abeyance.

At this time Mr. Harry Claiborne requested that the action on new gaming Applications be held in
abeyance until July 7, 1949.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the applications of the Western Club, The Westerner, and
the Nevada Biltmore Hotel for gaming licenses for the third quarter of 1949 be denied.

Commissioner Bunker withdrew his motion as above stated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Moore, Peccole,
Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Moore moved that the applications for slot machines by the Western Club, The Westerner,
and the Nevada Biltmore Hotel for the third quarter of 1949 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

INACTIVE LICENSES	At this time discussion was held relative to a motion adopted by the Board on April 22, 1949, relative

Gaming & Liquor	to the revocation of liquor and gaming license, if said licenses were not active by the third quarter

of 1949.	

	Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved that these operators be notified of the action of the Board on

April 22, 1949, and given until midnight July 6, 1949 to make these licenses active or appear at the
meeting on July 7, 1949 to show cause why their licenses are not active.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Moore,

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting Aye; noes, none.

PAWNSHOP LICENSE	Commissioner Peccole moved that pursuant to the request of Glen Tondevold as contained in his letter of

Change of Address	June 27, 1949, he be allowed to move the Square Deal Loan Company from 109 South 1st Street to 117 Fremont

Street.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore,

Peccole, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CIVIL SERVICE TRUST-Commisioner Whipple moved that the following resolution be adopted:

EES

Resolution No. 146

RESOLUTION

	

WHEREAS, the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, as amended in 1949, provides in Section 5,
that from and after the first Monday in June,1949, the appointive officers of the City of Las Vegas
shall consist of: City Manager, City Treasurer, City Engineer, Comptroller, Chief of Police, Fire Chief,
and five (5) Civil Service Trustees, and

WHEREAS, Section 5-3/4 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, as amended in 1949, creates
a Department of Civil Service of the City applicable to and governing the employees of the Police and
Fire Departments of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, except the Police Chief and Fire Chief; and

WHEREAS, the Department of Civil Service shall be under the control and management of a Board
of five (5) Trustees, which said Board shall be appointed by the City Manager subject to the ratification
of the Board of Commissioners; and

WHEREAS, said appointments shall be made effective July 1, 1949 and shall be known and designate)
as the Board of Civil Service Trustees; and

WHEREAS, the first meeting of the Board shall be held on the first Monday following their
appointment and qualifications at which time they shall organize by selecting one of their number as
	Chairman; and

WHEREAS, the first Monday in July will be the 4th of July, a legal holiday, the said first
meeting of the Board is to be held on the day following, July 5, at 8 o'clock P. M. in the City Hall
Council Chambers, City of Las Vegas, Nevada; and

WHEREAS, the five (5) Civil Service Trustees shall be appointed for the following terms:
three shall be appointed for two-year terms and their office shall expire on the 1st day of July, 1951;
two of the Civil Service Trustees shall be appointed to serve four (4) years and their term of office
shall expire the 1st day of July, 1953; and

WHEREAS, any vacancy shall occur, a person shall be appointed to fill an unexpired term; and