447

subterfuge to obtain their rights. The traveling public is continually buying tickets
to all points on the compass to avoid the restriction. Obviously this results in con-
fusion, misunderstanding, and a waste of time and money for all parties concerned.

The Civil Aeronautics Board, by maintaining the restriction, is encouraging the voi-
lation of its own rules and regulations.

The existing air service between Las Vegas and Los Angeles is wholly in-
adequate to meet the requirements of the travelling public. The frequency of service
and the seats available have been on the decline for the past several years, and there
has been shown little disposition to stimulate the traffic. The only permanent cure to
this situation is to provide a competing service.

The City of Las Vegas respectfully pray your honorable Board, under the pert-
inent sections of the Civil Aeronautics Act, as amended, to grant its petition for re-
consideration, reargument, and rehearing of the City's application for the removal of
the restrictions on TWA's Route 2 which prohibits the carriage of local passengers and
property between Las Vegas and Los Angeles. Throughout this case, it has never been the
City's intention to support or oppose an individual airline but rather to direct the
City's efforts to correcting a situation which is contrary to public convenience and
necessity.

Respectfully submitted,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, LEVADA
Bv S/ E. W. Cragin

ATTEST:	Mayor

S/	Shirley Ballinger_______ S/ Howard W. Cannon

City	Clerk	City Attorney

SEAL 

DATED:	August 9, 1949.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the Mayor and City Attorney be authorized
to sign the foregoing petition.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	At this time the following applications for gaming license for the 3rd quarter of

1949 were presented to the Board for their consideration:

	L. P. Lawrence	Fisher Drug Company	502 North Main	1 slot

Vegas Enterprises Co. Sammy's Newsstand	109 South First 2 slots

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing applications for gaming li-
censes be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RECESS	The meeting recessed at this time until 8:00 P.M.

RECONVENED	His Honor Mayor Cragin called the meeting to order at the hour of 8:00P.M. with all

	members present as of the opening session with the exception of City Clerk Shirley

Ballinger.

APPOINTMENT OF CITY	Commissioner Peccole moved	that George 0. Treem be appointed as	Temporary City Manager

MANAGER	at a salary of $650.00 per	month, effective August 10, 1949.

Commissioner Moore stated that he would second this motion if Commissioner Peccole
would amend his motion that this temporary appointment not exceed sixty days. Com-
missioner Peccole agreed to this amendment.

Thereafter Commissioner Moore seconded the motion which carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole voting aye; noes: Commissioner Whipple and His Honor.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Peccole moved	that pursuant to the favorable recommendation of	the Police

Payless Liquor Store	Department the application	of Joseph Nosanchuck, Payless Liquor	Store, 1509	Fremont for

a Sealed Package Miniature liquor license for the third quarter of 1949 be granted.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner
Moore moved that this meeting adjourn until August 22, 1949 at 3:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST;		APPROVED:

Mayor

City Clerk