137

SIGNAL OIL COMPANY	Commissioner Moore moved that the request of the Signal Oil Company	

RE: CONSTRUCTION	for permission to construct a bulk plant on the western portion of	

BULK PLANT	their property, immediately north of the proposed Boston Street, be	

	referred to the Planning Commission for recommendation and that a	]

meeting be called jointly to discuss this matter. Motion seconded	

by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners	

Baskin, Moore, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	

Commissioner Clark.	

CONCESSION AGREEMENT	Commissioner Moore moved that the request of John M. Schoonover for	

Assignment	permission to sell all of his right, title and interest in and to that	

	certain Lease dated August 1, 1947 covering concession rights with the	

City of Las Vegas to Herbert F. Pracejus be approved and the city attorney be d]
directed to handle the assignment, Motion seconded by Commissioner	

Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Moore,	

Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark. 

NAVAL RESERVE ARMORY	Commissioner Moore moved that the City Manager be directed to obtain the	

information requested by the 11th Naval District at San Diego, relative	

	to the location of a Navy Reserve Armory in the City of Las Vegas and to	

submit his findings to the Board. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple 9
 and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple	

and His Honor voting aye.	Noes, none.	Absent: Commissioner	Clark.	

National Institute	Commissioner Moore moved that the application of C. Norman Cornwall for	

of Municipal Law	permission to attend the National Institute of Municipal Law Officers	

Officers	convention in Los Angeles commencing September 29th be approved. Expenses	

	allowed not to exceed $100.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple	

and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple	9

and His Honor voting aye.	Noes, none.	Absent: Commissioner	Clark.	

RESOLUTION NO. 103	The following Resolution was presented to the Board for their consideration:	

Public Housing	

Project No. NEV-26021 	RESOLUTION NO. 103	

WHEREAS, the United States of America, acting through the Housing	

and Home Finance Agency,	Public Housing Administration, owns permanent	

war housing now known as FHA project No. NEV-26021 consisting of approximately 

125 dwelling units located in the City	of Las Vegas, State of Nevada;	and	

WHEREAS, such housing	is no longer	needed for purposes of	war; and	

WHEREAS, there exists in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a serious	

shortage of decent, safe, and sanitary	housing, which	constitutes a	menace	

to the health, safety, morals and welfare of the inhabitants	of the	City,	

especially to the families of veterans	and servicemen	of low	income	and	

other families of low income; and 	

WHEREAS, if the Congress of the United States should authorize the	

conveyance of such housing to provide housing for families of low income,	

the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, proposes to acquire 

such housing and to operate it as low-rent housing;	

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE MAYOR AND CITY COUNCIL OF THE	

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA	

Section	1. That it is the determination,	finding, and declaration of	

the mayor and City Council of the City of	Las Vegas, Nevada, that it will	

be in the best interests of the community and of the families of veterans	

and servicemen to make such housing available as low-rent housing for	

families of low income.	

Section 2. That the Mayor and City Council of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, 
do hereby petition the Congress of the United States to authorize the 	

acquisition of such housing by the Housing Authority of the City of Las	

Vegas, Nevada, to be administered as low-rent housing for families of	

low income.	

section 3. That the Mayor of the City is hereby authorized and directed	

to execute in triplicate a contract on behalf of the City, and the Clerk	

of the City is hereby authorized and directed to impress the corporate	

seal of the City thereon and to attest the same, said contract to be sub-	

stantially in form, as follows:	

"COOPERATION CONTRACT. This Contract entered into this 23rd day of	

September, 1947, by and between the Housing Authority of the City of	

Las Vegas, Nevada, (herein called the "City"), witnesseth:

1.	Whenever used in this Contract:	

(a)	The term "Project" shall mean the war housing developed by the	

Federal Government, now known as	PHA project No. NEV.-26021,	

and hereafter to be administered	as low rent housing within	

the City by the Authority.

(b)	The term "Taxing Bodies" shall mean the State and every political
subdivision of taxing unit thereof (including the City) which
has authority to levy taxes or to certify taxes to a taxing

body or public officer to be levied for its use and benefit
and in which the Project is situated.

(c)	The term "Shelter Rent" shall mean the total of all charges
to all tenants for dwelling rents and non-dwelling rents
(excluding furniture rentals, the cost of all commercial

and non-commercial utilities, and all other non-rental income.)