378

GAMING APPLICATIONS The following renewal gaming applications for the second quarter of 1949 were presented

to the Board for their consideration.

Ted Patton	Andy's

Fred Kennedy	Fred's Liquor Store

Gerald Leavitt	Lincoln Market

Helen B. Kelly	Patsy's Rest.

Sam Taylor	Pioneer News

M. J. Howison	Self-Service Laundromat

Jack 0. Sloan	Desert Snack Bar

Swiss Village	Lawrence Henry

M. I. Horgan	Twin Lakes Farm

El Cortez Hotel

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing gaming applications be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Cragin.

The following new gaming applications for the second quarter of 1949 were presented to the
Board for their consideration.

Gayer Company	Herndon Confectionery

L. P. Lawrence	K & K Store

L. P. Lawrence	Uncle Andy's Chow Shop

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing new gaming applications be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Cragin.

BUSINESS LICENSE PENALTY Commissioner Moore moved that the City Clerk be instructed to inform Mrs. Loretta Goodfellow

of the Windsor Hotel that the Board had no authority to forgive penalties on delinquent
	licenses, and it would be necessary for her to comply with the city ordinances.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Cragin.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner Baskin
moved that this meeting adjourn until April 18, 1949 at 3:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Cragin.

ATTEST:	APPROVED: 

City Clerk

Mayor Pro Tem

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 18, 1949

A special meeting held this 18th day of April, 1949 was called to order at the hour of
	3:25 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members present:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple; City Manager J. M. Murphy, City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall and
City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

AMENDMENT TO LAND USE	This being the time set for the public hearing on an amendment to the Land Use Ordinance No.

ORDINANCE	378, His Honor read the notice published in the newspaper.

Thereafter His Honor asked if there were any objectors present. There being none, Commissioner
Whipple moved that Ordinance No. 378 be amended.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, the meeting adjourned.

ATTEST:	,	APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, CITY CLERK

Las Vegas, Nevada

A Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Office of the Mayor at the War Memorial Building on the 18th day of
April, 1949 at the hour of 3:40 P.M. to consider the following matters: