32(;

Also present:	(City Manager J. M. Murphy and City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Moore moved that Service & Material Warrant No. 1674) in the amount of

WARRANT	$4,331.80 for	the City's share of engineering cost in connection with contract dated

Payment to State on	September 16,	1948, covering additional underpass and drainage system on Charleston

Charleston Underpass Blvd. be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye) noes, none.

BID NO. 48.18	At this time the City Manager presented the	tabulation	on Bid No. 48.18 for four pick-

Awarded	up trucks and one business coupe, said bids	which were	opened on November 5, 1948 and

referred to the City Manager for recommendation.

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that the bid of A. C. Grant being the low bid in
	the amount of $1296.48 for each pick-up truck or a total of $5,l85.92 for four pickup

trucks, and $1317.35 for one business coupe, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHARLESTON SQUARE	The agreement	between the City of Las Vegas and Mastercraft Homes, Inc., Charleston

NO. 2 - Agreement	Square No. 2,	said final map which was approved at the Board of Commissioners meeting

held August 20, 1948, was presented. The Mayor and City Clerk were authorized to
	sign the aforementioned agreement at the said meeting held August 20, 1948.

CONSULTANT FEES	Commissioner Baskin moved that the request of the Planning Commission for payment of

C. G. Petrie	$250.00 to Mr. C. G. Petrie for consultant	fees heretofore denied at the Board of Com-

Approved	missioners meeting held October 22, 1948 be	approved.	Further that this be the final

	payment to Mr. Petrie for services to the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION - No. 122 Commissioner Baskin moved that the following resolution be adopted:

Representation

CAA Meeting	RESOLUTION



WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas appeared at the original CAA hearing petitioning
the CAA for additional air service to Las Vegas and Southern Nevada, and,

WHEREAS, the CAA Board is hearing all arguments on the 29th of November at
Washington, D. C.,

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED in the event that the City Attorney of the City of
Las Vegas is not present at the hearing to present the oral argument on behalf of
the City, Morley Griswold, Esquire, of Reno, Nevada shall be and he is hereby
authorized to appear before the Board and to make oral argument on behalf of the
City of Las Vegas in support of its position for additional air service to Las
Vegas and Southern Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NEVADA TAX COMMISSION Commissioner Whipple moved that	the City Council be	represented at	the hearing to be held

Meeting Re:	Race	by the	Nevada Tax Commission relative to Race Horse	Books, and the	Mayor be directed to

Horse Books	notify	the Commission that this	Board desires to be	present.

	Motion	seconded by Commissioner	Clark and carried by the following	vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the meeting adjourned.
ATTEST:		APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 22, 191)8

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 22nd day of November, 191)8 was
called to order at the hour of 2:15 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Cragin with the following
members present:	Commissioners Baskin and Clark. Absent:	Commissioners Moore and

Whipple. Also present:	City Manager J. M. Murphy, Deputy City Attorney S. George

Gilson and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.

AUCTIONEER LICENSES At this time a committee of local jewelers appeared before the Board protesting the

issuance of auctioneer licenses in the City, and asking that an ordinance be passed
	regulating this type of business. Mr. Louis Mack stated that he had given several

ordinances of other cities concerning auctioneers to the City Attorney's office.