280

PROPERLY RELATING THERETO, was read to the Board for a second time.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing Ordinance No. 36l be approved on
its second reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Baskin.

PAWNSHOP LICENSE	Commissioner	Clark moved that	the request of George	Harris, 119 South 1st Street to

George Harris -	transfer his	pawnshop license 	to Virginia Pavell be	referred to the Police Department

Transfer	for investigation and report.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Baskin.

LAND USE —	Commissioner	Whipple moved that the City Manager be	instructed to inform Mrs.

Non-Conforming	Vesta Purdy that her property	located at 1212 South	3rd Street may be used only in

Mrs. Vesta Purdy the conforming use unless a zone exception is obtained.

1212 South 3rd St.

,	Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

	sioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Baskin.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS Pursuant to the favorable recommendation of the Police Department Commissioner Clark
3rd Quarter — moved that the application of Harry Z. Clarke, Cut Rate Liquor Store, 132 South 4th
Cut Rate Liquor Store street for a sealed package liquor license for the 3rd quarter of 1948, said license
H. Z. Clarke	which was formerly owned by Josie Dondich, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Baskin.

TURF SALOON	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Charles R. Roper, Turf Saloon, 203

C. R. Roper	North 1st Street, for a Retail Tavern Liquor license for the 3rd quarter of 1948 be

denied by reason that license of the Turf Saloon was revoked at the meeting of the
	Board held August 6, 1948.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Baskin.

GAMING APPLICATIONS At this time the following gaming applications were presented to the Board for their

consideration:

L. P. Lawrence	Savoy Grill	624	South	5th Street	3	slots

K. A. Freeman	Monte Carlo	15	Fremont	1	slot

Pat Rozzelle	Orange Julius Co.	409 Fremont	2 slots

Kroloff Dist. Co.	Red & White Cafe	801	South	1st	1	slot

Kroloff Dist. Co.	Medical Arts	Pharmacy	131	North	3rd	2	slots

Nick Coroneos	Pauls Cafe	124 1/2 North 1st	2 slots

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing gaming applications for the
third quarter of 1948 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that additional gaming application of the Eldorado Club
Inc., 2nd and Fremont Street for one Chemin De Fer for the third quarter of 1948
be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Baskin.

MARYLAND PARKWAY At this time His Honor Mayor Cragin read a letter dated August 18, 1948 from the re-
sidents of the Maryland Parkway Circle and vicinity thanking the Board for trans-
ferring ball games from Huntridge Parkway Circle.

GOLF COURSE ROAD The following recommendation was received from the Planning Commission relative
Right of Way to the Golf Course Road right-of-way:

