115

a.	Adequate public domestic water supplies including
fire hydrants for fire protection - Fire Chief

to approve location and kind.

b.	Sanitary Sewer - City System

c.	Electricity.

d.	The subdivider or developer shall furnish
statements from the Utilities with which
agreements have been made to service the
tract, certifying that said Utilities will
furnish the services necessary.

4.	School Site

Establishment of adequate school site to be
accomplished if required by the School Board.

This matter will be considered through the office
of the Planning Commission and designated, if
required, for inclusion in the final map.

The installation of improvements is to comply with specifications
and standards of the City of Las Vegas.

Approval of the final subdivision map shall not be made until all
street profiles, cross sections, grading plans and architectural arrange-
ments of housing units are submitted to, and approved by the City Depart-
ments concerned.

It is further recommended that the owner of this subdivision shall
concurrently with the approval of the final subdivision map by the Board
of City Commissioners, enter into an agreement with the City, agreeing to
complete improvements designated. If the designated improvements have
not been completed within an agreed period of time, an extension may be auth-
orized at the discretion of the Board, or the Board shall cause such
improvements to be completed in accordance with the terms of the afore-
said agreement. Such agreement should be secured by a good and sufficient
performance bond or other negotiable guarantee, in an amount not in excess
of the cost of the improvements and approved by the Board of City Com-
missioners. Any application for the release of any such bond or guarantee
shall be accompanied by a certificate by the city engineer, stating that
all required improvements have been satisfactorily completed in accordance
with the terms of said agreement and no such bond or guarantee should be
released or returned until such certificate shall first have been filed
with the Board of City Commissioners.

Your approval of this tentative map together with a stipulation
for improvements and other requirements will be the basis for a final
record map and notice to the subdivider of those things to be demanded
of him in connection with the approval of the final subdivision map.

Respectfully yours,

LAS VEGAS.-- CLARK COUNTY

JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

/s/ C. G. Petrie

Planning Engineer

CGP:ms

Enclosure

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

VACATION—17th Street Commissioner Whipple moved that the following recommendation of the

	Planning Commission relative to the vacation of 17th Street be approved

and the City Attorney instructed to draw up the necessary papers:

OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION

August 6
19 4 7

Honorable Mayor and
Board of City Commissioners
City Hall
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Streets and Highways

Seventeenth Street
Petition for Vacation, Portion of

Gentlemen:

Under date of April 7, 1947, your Board forwarded the above mentioned
petition to this Commission for recommendation.

At a regular meeting of the Joint Planning Commission held July 30,
1947 final details of this matter were considered resulting in the
following recommendation:

The Vacation is not objectionable and is recommended, providing

a. That the petitioner and the owner of properties abutting

on the portion of street to be vacated replat the properties
affected so that all lots will have frontage or common
access to remaining streets.