279

The division (i), (j) and (k) of the law provided that the administrator of the law
might deny or revoke a license on proof that the applicant or licensee is (i) wil-
fully discriminatory, directly or indirectly, in price differences where it will
substantially lessen competition and thereby tend to create a monopoly or tend to
injure or destroy the business of the competitor, (j) willful discrimination be-
tween purchasers, or (k) willful discrimination in regard to trade-ins so as to
destroy a competitors business or tend to create a monopoly.

The Court pointed out that the constitutional guarantees contemplate that every
person legally possesses the right of acquiring the absolute and unqualified
title to every species of property recognized by law, with all rights incidental
thereto, and, in connection with the right to dispose of such property in such
innocent manner as he pleases, and to sell it at such price as he can obtain in
fair barter (28l N.W. 607). A person has a right to follow any lawful business
pursuit, not injurious to a community, which he may see fit, without being res-
tricted by arbitrary restraints. Incidental to this, he has the right to labor
or employ labor, make contracts in respect thereto upon such terms as the parties
may agree, and to purchase, sell, inherit, sell and convey property of all kinds.
Under the guise of regulation these agreements may not be arbitrarily abridged
(144 N.W. 795).

It will be noted, therefore, that in subdivisions (i) and (k) the prohibited
acts are unlawful only where the effect of such discrimination may be sub-
stantially to lessen competition or tend to create a monopoly, or to injure or des-
troy the business of a competitor.

The act itself is not prohibited (and I might point out in the instant case
that the act of selling the information - the dissemination of the news from
the owner of the wire service to the purchaser thereof - it not itself pro-
hibited - nor is it, unless it can be shown to be "affected with a public
interest" or "clothed with a public use" - subject to the type of regulation
that is proposed: it is the act accompanied by an intent to accomplish a
result made unlawful by the statute (which the legislative body attempted to
correct).

The Court in the foregoing Nebraska case goes on to state that as to subdivision
(j) the element of intent is lacking. The prohibition is against wilful dis-
crimination in favor of one purchaser against another in the respects noted
therein, without reference to the intent or motive of the person so doing.

It is a price fixing statute. It is violative of the holdings heretofore cited
and the constitutional prohibitions hereinabove referred to.

As stated in "STATE vs. RUBACK" (Neb. 28l N.W. 607), "the test to determine
whether a statute defining the offense is void for uncertainty (1) is whether
the language may apply to a particular act about which there can be little
or no difference in opinion, but equally to other acts about which there may
be radical differences, thereby devolving on the Court the exercise of arbi-
trary power as discriminating between the several classes of acts."

There is no question that the business of selling or disseminating the news to
be used in the gambling business is a business "affected with a public interest"
and/or "clothed with a public use."

It is my understanding that nearly fifty per cent or more of the revenue of the
City of Las Vegas is derived frcm gambling businesses, and the City of Las Vegas,
through its Board of City Commissioners, has the authority and power under its
Charter to regulate such a business and to pass an ordinance requiring the
seller thereof to furnish it to all applicants licensed by the City upon the
payment of the fee charged by the seller thereof, without discrimination.

However, the proposed ordinance does not set forth the reason for the particular
regulation and the evil which the regulation intends to overcome, nor does it
prescribe a penalty for violation thereof, and as drawn it is my opinion that
the proposed ordinance is unconstitutional and void.

Respectfully submitted,

C. Norman Cornwall /s

C. Norman Cornwall
City Attorney

CNC: kb

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Baskin.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that Ordinance No. 357 be approved on its
second reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark with the following vote:	Commissioner Whipple

and His Honor voting aye: Commissioners Clark and Moore voting nay. Absent:	Commis-

sioner Baskin. This ordinance was not adopted.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	The committee on Ordinance No. 362 amending certain portions of ordinance No. 349,

NO. 362		composed of Commissioners Clark and Moore asked for additional time to study ordin-

	ance before reporting.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE DECLARING CERTAIN TERRITORY ADJOINING AND CON-

No. 36l	TIGUOUS TO THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO BE ANNEXED TO THE CITY

2nd Reading	OF LAS VEGAS; ORDERING A PLAT SHOWING SAID TERRITORY TO BE RECORDED IN THE OFFICE

	OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF THE COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA; AND OTHER MATTERS