492

Motion seconded by Commissioner bunker and carrier by the following vote:

Commissioner Bunker,	Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

EASEMENT DEED -	Commissioner Whipple	moved that the Easement Deed of the City to the Aeroville

Aeroville Corp.	Corporation for land	adjoining Las Vegas Army Air Base be referred to the City

	Attorney to prepare the necessary resolution, to deliver this deed and obtain

	the exchange Easement Deed from the Aeroville Corporation to the City. Further

that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign the aforementioned Easement
Deed to the Aeroville Corporation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PETITION - Removal	of	Commissioner Whipple	moved that the petition heretofore received from property

Transformer So.	10th	owners regarding the	removal of the transformer located in the 700 block of South

10th Street be referred to the City Manager for handling.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPLICATIONS FOR LICENSE At this time the following applications for license for the retail sale of Cigarettes
Cigarettes & Tobacco	and Tobacco Products were presented to the Board for their consideration:

BILL'S LUNCH
BONANZA MARKET
CHARLESTON DRUG
CONEY ISLAND CAFE
DOLLAR MARKET
FISHER DRUG
MARKET SPOT
OVERLAND ARCADE
SAMMY'S NEWS STAND

R. L. Lewis
Mrs. Vesta Hamby
Bruce Kilpatrick
Jack 0. Sloan
Herman Silverman
Joe. L. Fisher

H.	Levy

Paul W. Warner & Sid Martin
Sammy Perlman

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that the foregoing application for Retail Cigarette
& Tobacco Products license be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CLEAN UP WEEK	Commissioner	Peccole moved	that the	Mayor be authorized to proclaim October 24 through

	October 31, 1949 as "Clean	Up Week"	in the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting: aye: noes, none.

CIVIL SERVICE	RULES	Commissioner	Whipple moved	that the	necessary notice of the intention	of the Board

& REGULATIONS	to adopt the	Civil Service	Rules and Regulations Code be prepared and	published.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners	

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye: noes, none.

SOUTHERN NEVADA INSURANCE At this time a group of representatives of the Southern Nevada Insurance Agents Assoc-
AGENTS ASSOCIATION	iation appeared before the Board. Mr. Charles Lee Horsey stated that the proposal of

City Insurance	the group was that the City allow the Association to take care of its insurance. In

this way the commission derived would be divided among the members of the organization.

After considerable discussion Commissioner Bunker moved that the proposal of the
Southern Nevada Insurance Agents Association to take care of the city of Las Vegas'
insurance be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT ROLL - District Commissioner Moore moved that the Special Assessment Roll covering the installation
#200-0, l4th St, A Boulder of sanitary sewers in the 14th Street Addition and Boulder Dam Homesite Additions as
Dam Homesite - Sewer submitted by the Assessor be number #6-1949 by the City Clerk and filed in her office.

Further that Notice of Public Hearing on said Assessment District be published for
two weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, setting November 9, l949 at 3:00 P. M. as
	the time for the hearing.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.	

CITY ENGINEER APPOINTED	Commissioner Whipple	moved that upon the recommendation of Acting City Manager George 0.	

Treem that Wilbur C. Anderson be appointed as City Engineer, effective November 1, 1949
at a salary of $500.00 per month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioner:

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES	Commissioner Whipple	moved that the Notice and Demand received from Grace Schloss	

Grace Schloss	asking for $3,500.00	for damages received on August 10, 1949 when she fell on the side-	

walk on the east side of North 4th street between Ogden and Fremont be referred to the	

City Attorney.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RINGSIDE LIQUOR STORE Commissioner Whipple moved that the investigation of Richard R. Russell, Ringside
Investigation	Liquor store, heretofore requested of the Police Department be ordered filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.