430

set the 12th day of July, 1949, at the hour of 3:00 P.M., at the Commissioners' Room
of the Board of Commissioners, in the War Memorial Building located at the Northwest
comer of Fifth and Stewart Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
as the time and place for a public hearing on said Petition and recommendation, and
Ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid street proposed to be vacated to be posted
with a Notice setting forth the time and place of the public hearing and the extent of
the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Bert Boyd, filed with the Clerk of this
Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which Notice is attached to
said affidavit, was posted on the 9th day of June, 1949, in the manner prescribed by
said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for vacation and
the recommendation of the Planning Commission, thereon, and this Board having heard evidence
in support of said Petition and recommendation and no evidence in opposition thereto haVing
been offered;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the portions of the street
proposed to be vacated is no longer required for the public use and convenience, that said
vacation will inure to the benefit of the City of Las Vegas, and is necessary for and by
reason of the public interest and convenience, and that the public will not be materially
injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portions of Ninth Street, to-wit:

Beginning at the Southeast comer of Block 17 Wardie Addition, as same appears in
Book 1 of plats, page 13, Clark County, Nevada, records; thence North 27° 43' 22" East a
distance of 416.12 feet to a point on the East boundary of said Wardie Addition; thence South
0° 08' 49" East, along the East boundary of said Wardie Addition to a point on the West bound-
ary of Ninth Street as shown on plat of Pioneer Heights Addition as same appears in Book 1 of
plats, page 35, Clark County, Nevada records; thence South 27° 43' 22" West a distance of
398.30 feet to a point on the extension of the South boundary of said Block 17; thence North
62° 17' 53" West along the said extension of the South boundary of said Block 17, a distance
of 9.42 feet to the point of beginning,

be, and the same are hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and Whipple, and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay":	None.

Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin_________________

ATTEST:	Mayor

S/ Shirley Ballinger_____________

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

At this time City Attorney Howard W. Cannon arrived.

LANDING PRIVILEGES	Mr. C. E. Duffy, Station Manager for TWA appeared before the Board and introduced Mr. Jack

TWA	Davis, Vice President for TWA. Mr. Davis requested the Board to ask for rehearing on the pet-

City to request re- ition before the Civil Aeronautics Board relative to landing privileges for TWA.
hearing

	Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the City Attorney be directed to take whatever

	steps are necessary for the rehearing of the Petition before the Civil Aeronautics Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time, the meeting adjourned.
ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Mayor

City Clerk:

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 22, 1949

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 22nd day of July, 1949 was called
	to order by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 3:15 P.M. with the following members

present: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole; City Manager J. M. Murphy, City Attorney
Howard W. Cannon and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger

USE PERMIT	At this time Mr. James C. Young and Rev. Thomas J. Daly representing the Lutheran Church in

Lutheran Church	the request for a Use Permit to construct a church on Lots 15, 16, 17, 18, 19 and 20 of

Block 21, Wardie Addition. They explained to the Board that their plans for the new church