355

NOTICE

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN:	That on the 14th day of March, 1949, at the hour of 3:00 P.M.

of said day, in the Commissioners' Room at the City Hall in the War Memorial Building
at Stewart Avenue and Fifth Street in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will hold a public hearing
upon a proposed ordinance amending Ordinance No. 378 which divides the City of Las Vegas
into districts, and regulates and restricts the erection, construction, reconstruction,
alteration, repair or use of buildings, structures, or land within such districts in
accordance with the Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas for land use, and all parties
in interest and citizens will be given an opportunity to be heard thereon at said time
and place.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

HEARING ON AMENDMENT Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Clerk, upon receipt of the certified copy of the

TO MASTER PLAN	amendments to	the Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas	which may be adopted by the

	Regional Planning Commission at	its meeting	to be held	on February 25, 1949, be directed

to publish the following notice for one publication in the Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal, setting March 14, 1949 at 3:00 P.M. as the time for hearing on said amendments
to the Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas:

NOTICE

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is in
receipt of a certified copy of amendments to the Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas
adopted by the Regional Planning Commission by Resolution at its meeting held on the
25th day of February, 1949, and that the Board of Commissioners of said City will hold
a public hearing on said amendments to the Master Plan at a meeting to be held on the
14th day of March, 1949 at 3:00 P.M. of that date in the Council Chambers in the War
Memorial Building, on Stewart Avenue at the comer of North Fifth Street, in the City
of Las Vegas,	Nevada, and after	such public	hearing at	said meeting will consider for

adoption said	amendments to the	Master Plan	as adopted	by the Regional planning

Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

GENERAL ELECTION	On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried

unanimously, the following Order was adopted:

It appearing that the Charter of the City of Las Vegas provides that a General Election
be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1949, for the election at
large by qualified voters of the City, of two commissioners of the second and fourth
class, respectively, a Judge of the Municipal Court, a City Clerk, and a City Attorney,
it is therefore,

ORDERED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, that such General
Election be held in the City of Las Vegas on May 3, 1949, at which election there shall
be elected at large by the qualified voters of the said City, two commissioners of the
second class and fourth class, respectively, who shall be elected and hold office for
a period of four years and until their successors are elected and qualified; a Judge of
the Municipal Court, who shall be elected and hold office for a period of two years and
until his successor shall be elected and qualified; a City Clerk, who shall be elected
and hold office for a period of four years and until his successor shall be elected and
qualified; and a City Attorney, who shall be elected and hold office for a period of
two years and until his successor is elected and qualified, and it is further

ORDERED that the places in said City for holding said election are hereby determined
as follows:

James Cashman Showroom, 109 North Main
City Library

Young Electric Bldg., 5 Lewis

Wm. Hinson Garage, 508 South 3rd

Mac Donald Hotel, 208 North 5th Street

Ted Wiens, Silver State Texaco Station, 5th & Fremont

Grammar School Office

Western Heating and Ventilating, 710 South Main
Royal Mattress Factory, 512 West Bonanza
Jeanne Roberts School of Dance, 203 North 9th
Clark County Welfare Building
Wengert's Garage, 6th and Charleston
Garage, 345 North 10th
High School Gym

LDS Warehouse, Welfare Bldg. 503 So 9th
E. J. Gilbreath Paint Co., Main & Charleston
Huntridge Fire Station

Rosevear's Paint Shop, 715 South 5th Street

White Bunny Ice Cream, 517 South 5th Street

Catholic Recreation Hall, 317 South 2nd Street

Packard Sales & Service, 1600 Fremont

Housing Authority, 1114 E. Mesquite

Westside School

War Memorial Building

Dance Hall, Helldorado Village

Lester E. Martin Garage, 1420 Jessica

John S. Parks School, 10th & Franklin

Gails Trailer Sales, 1730 Fremont

Herb Waldman Motor Co., 171$ Fremont

A. B. Hanks, 414 Madison

Werner-Griffith, 2000 South 5th Street

Jeffer Patton Store Bldg., 507 Jackson