577

any part thereof, within said period of one week should be conclusively considered an election on
the part of all persons interested to pay said assessment in tan substantially equal annual In-
stallments of principal, the first of which installments of principal shall be due end payable
on or before the 1st day of December 1, 1951, and annually thereafter on the same day in each
year until paid, at the seme rate interest as that provided for the special assessment bonds to
be thereafter authorized, sold, issued end delivered, but not to exceed seven per centum (7%)
per annum; and

WHEREAS, said City and the officers thereof have determined, end do hereby determine, that
it is necessary and for the best interests of said City and the inhabitants thereof that it
issue its Assessment District No. 100-2 Street Improvement Bonds, Series of January 1, 1951,
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of said unpaid assessments,
to-wit, $225,463.75, to defray said entire cost end expense of making said improvements, except
to the extent funds ere available therefor from the assessments which have been heretofore paid;
end

WHEREAS, said City end the officers thereof desire to sell said bonds after public adver-
tisement therefor, pursuant to the laws of the State of Nevada and the City of Las Vegas.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

NEVADA;

That the special assessment, negotiable coupon, Assessment District No. 100-2 Street Im-
provement Bonds, Series of January 1, 1951, of the City of Lea Vegas, in the aggregate principal
amount of $225,463.75 shall be sold at public sale to the person or persons offering the best
and moat advantageous terms to said City. The Mayor end the City Clerk be end they are hereby
authorized end directed to give notice offering said bonds for sale and calling for bids for
the purchase of said bonds by publishing a notice once a week for four consecutive weeks by five
insertions at weekly intervals in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, the official newspaper
of the City of las Vegas, and by mailing a copy of such notice at least three weeks prior to
the date fixed for the sale of said bonds to the State Board of Finance, Carson City, Nevada,
which said notice shall be in substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF SALE OF CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO.
100-2 STREET IMPROVEMENT BONDS SERIES OF JANUARY 1, 1951 $225,463.75

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
will on the 11th day of April, 1951, at 3:30 o'clock P.M., at the City
Hall in Las Vegas, Nevada, offer for sale, receive sealed bids and pub-
licly open the same for, the following described special assessment, neg-
otiable bonds of said City:

City of Las Vegas Assessment District No. 100-2 Street Improvement
Bonds, Series of January 1, 1951, in the aggregate principal amount of
$225,463.75, dated January 1, 1951, consisting of two hundred thirty-
one bonds numbered consecutively from 1 to 231, both inclusive, being
in the denomination of $1,000.00 and $500.00 each, except bond
numbered one, is in the denomination of $463.75, maturing serially in
regular numerical order on the first day of January, $22,963.75 in the
year 1952, and $22,500.00 in each of the years 1953 to 1961, both inclu-
sive, all bonds being subject to prior redemption on any interest payment
date in inverse numerical order at the option of the City whenever funds
ere available therefor, after fifteen days published notice, upon the
payment of the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the
redemption date, end bearing interest payable annually at a rate of not
exceeding seven per centum (7%) per annum, both principal and interest
being payable at the office of the City Treasurer at las Vegas, Nevada.

Said bonds and the interest thereon are payable from a special fund de-
signated "Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-2 Bond Interest
and Redemption Fund," containing the receipts upon the collection thereof
from the special assessments levied against and secured by a lien upon
property in Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-2 in said City,
said assessments bearing interest payable annually on each principal paying
date at the same rate of interest as borne by said bonds and being payable
in ten substantially equal annual installments of principal on or before
December 1, 1951, and on or before the seme day in each year thereafter
until paid in full, or, at the owner's option, the whole of the unpaid prin-
cipal with interest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date
being payable at any time; provided, however, that in the event said fund
shall be insufficient to pay said bonds and interest thereon as they
become due, the deficiency shall be paid out of the city's general fund.

Bidders ere required to submit a bid specifying (a) the lowest rate of
interest end premium, if any, above per at which the bidder will purchase
said bonds; or (b) the lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will
purchase said bonds at par. All of the bonds shall bear one rate of interest,
but said interest may be payable by one or more sets of coupons. The bonds
will be sold to the bidder making the best bid subject to the right of the
corporate authorities of the City of Las Vegas to reject any and all bids
and readvertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than per and accrued interest nor
will any discount or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds.

All bids shall be sealed and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall
be accompanied by a deposit of five percent, either cash or certified check,
of the amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is not accepted;
and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase
of said bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his bid, the
amount of his deposit shall be forfeited to the City of Lea Vegas, and, in that
event, the corporate authorities of said City may accept the bid of the
one making the next best bid, or if all bids are rejected, such authorities
may readvertise said bonds for sale. If there be two or more equal bids
and such bids are the best bids received, and are not less than par and accrued
interest, the corporate authorities will determine which bid shall be accepted.

The legality of the bonds will be approved by Messrs. Pershing, Bosworth,

Dick, and Dawson, Attorneys at Law, Denver, Colorado, whose opinion, together
with the printed bonds, will be furnished the purchaser without charge.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 9th day of March, 1951.

(Signed)

E. W. Cragin
Mayor