396

The following errors were found by the Board while canvassing the ballots:

Precinct #15 - For City Attorney, Howard Cannon received 71 votes instead
of 72 votes as denoted by the Election Board.

Precinct #16 - For Commissioner Second Class, R. T. "Bob" Baskin received

55 votes instead of 65 votes as denoted by the Election Board.

Precinct #20 - Ballots voted—Returned and Spoiled do not balance with
number Received. Difference of 16 too many.

Precinct #26 - Ballots Voted, Returned and Spoiled do not balance with
number received. Discrepancy of 1 Ballot.

Precinct #30 - Ballot Statement incomplete.

Precinct #31 - Ballots Voted, Returned and Spoiled do not balance with
number Received. Discrepancy of 2 ballots.

Precinct #32 - For City Attorney, Bill Ruymann received 24 votes instead of
64, and George E. Marshall had 64 votes instead of 24 as
recorded by the Election Board.

Also the total number of Ballots voted should be 288 instead
of 287 as recorded by the Election Board.

Thereupon it appearing to the Board that the plurality of all votes cast for their
respective offices, Commissioner Whipple moved that:

Wendell Bunker be and is hereby declared to be the duly elected Commissioner Second
 class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it is further resolved
that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election
to said Wendell Bunker.

William Peccole be and is hereby declared to be the duly elected Commissioner fourth
class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it is further resolved
 that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election
to said William Peccole.

Howard W. Cannon be and is hereby declared to be the duly elected City Attorney of
 the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing two years, and it is further resolved that the
City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to s aid
Howard W. Cannon.

Walter Richards be and is hereby declared to be the duly elected Municipal Judge of the
City of Las Vegas for the ensuing two years, and it is further resolved that the City
 Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to said Walter
Richards.

Shirley Ballinger be and is hereby declared to be the duly elected City Clerk of the
 City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it is further resolved that the
City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to said
Shirley Ballinger.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and

Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner
Moore moved that this meeting adjourn until May 20, 1949 at 2:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and

Clark.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Mayor

City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 20, 1949

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 20th day of May,
1949 was called to order at the hour of 2:00 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin
with the following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple;

City Manager J. M. Murphy and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	City Attorney

C. Norman Cornwall.

EMERGENCY LOAN	This being the time set for the acceptance of bids on the recent call of the Board

Call for Bids	of Commissioners to obtain a temporary emergency loan in the amount of $103,000.00,

the following action was taken.

On notion of Commissioner Baskin, seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried
unanimously, the following resolution was duly adopted: