

It was then moved by Commissioner Moore and seconded by Commissioner
Clark that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the
final passage and adoption of the foregoing resolution at this meeting be and
the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage
and adoption of said resolution at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension
of the rules, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting aye:	E. W. Cragin	Mayor

C. R. Clark	Commissioner

R. T. Moore	Commissioner

Reed Whipple	Commissioner

Those voting nay:	None

Absent:	R. T. Baskin	Commissioner

All members of the Board of Commissioners having voted in favor of said
motion, the Mayor declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said resolution be now place upon
its final passage. The question being upon the passage and adoption of said reso-
lution, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting aye:	E. W. Cragin	Mayor

C. R. Clark	Commissioner

R. T. Moore	Commissioner

Reed Whipple	Commissioner

Those voting nay:	None

Absent:	R. T. Baskin	Commissioner

The Mayor thereupon declared that all the Commissioners present having
voted in favor thereof, said motion was carried and the said resolution duly
passed and adopted.

On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner Moore and
unanimously carried, the meeting adjourned.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 27th day of August, 1948.

APPROVED

Attest;

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 8, 1948 

A regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 8th day of September,
1948 was called to order by His Honor Mayor Cragin at the hour of 2:15 P.M. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, and Whipple. Absent:	Com-
missioner Moore. Also present:	City Manager J. M. Murphy, City Attorney C. Norman

Cornwall, and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of August 20 and August 27, 1948 be approved
by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Moore.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1580, 1588 to 1590 inclusive, 1596,

	1597 and 1599 to 1603 inclusive in the net sum of $28,052.57 be approved and the Mayor

	and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Moore.