173

connection with this vacation, the Commission further recommend that
the petition comply with certain conditions before said vacation was
completed.

In accordance with Item A of said conditions, we have received a
proposed re-subdivision of Block 22, 14th Street Addition, a copy of
which is attached. At a regular meeting of the Joint Planning Commission
held November 25, 1947, this proposed re-subdivision was approved,
with the recommendation that your Board concur in this action.

When this matter has received your approval, the petitioner may proceed
to have a final map made for recording purposes." **

Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved that the matter be referred to
the City Manager. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING On motion of Commissioner Baskin duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple

DEED	and carried unanimously the following resolution is adopted and order made:

Right-of-way

	Be IT RESOLVED this 8th day of December, 1947 by the Board of Commissioners

	of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that a deed

dated the 2nd day of December, 1947, executed by William E. Ellis and
Florence Ellis to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the real property described therein be and is hereby accepted
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth, and be it further

RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder in the county
of Clark, State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	The following gaming applications were presented to the Board for their

	consideration:

Ruth E. Cannon -	All Nite	Market, 921 S.	Main	Street	1	5¢ Draw Bell

Harry I. Mangrum	-	Desert	Castle System,	Inc.	224	Fremont	3	slots

Harry I. Mangrum	-	Desert	Castle System,	Inc.	222	N.	Main	3	slots

J.	K. Houssels	-	Las Vegas Club, 23 Fremont	1-21 game

K.	A. Freeman - Showalter Co. 206 Wilson	1 slot

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing applications for gaming
be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

of F. P. Rinaldi

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Clark moved that the application for one Roto-lette 25¢

F. P. Rinaldi	machine at the Monte Carlo,	15 Fremont be	denied on the grounds that the

	Board of City Commissioners	feel that this particular type of machine

will displace three ordinary slot machines, thereby cutting down revenue
to the City of Las Vegas. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and

His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

AUDITING SERVICE FOR	Commissioner Baskin moved that Mr. George	H. Wood be retained as outside

1948	Auditor for the City of Las	Vegas for the	year 1948 on the following

George H. Wood retained basis:

	Supervising Senior in charge	$35.00 per day

Senior Accountants	30.00	"	"

Semi-senior accountants	25.00	"	"

Junior Accountants	20.00	"	"

Office Assistants in preparation

and report work	15.00	"	"

City to pay traveling and hotel expenses

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

RESOLUTION - Red	The following Resolution was presented to the Board for their consideration:

Federal Housing Author-
ity Office, City of	RESOLUTION NO. 110

Las Vegas	

	WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, like most communities in the United

States, is confronted with the problem of a serious housing shortage, and

WHEREAS, unlike most such communities in the United States, the housing
needs of the City of Las Vegas have been especially aggravated by its
ever increasing population and particularly by the War Department re-
activation of the Las Vegas Army Air Field which will bring several
thousand Army personnel with their families into the City of Las Vegas
seeking home accommodations, and

WHEREAS, the building industry in the City of Las Vegas is making a
prodigious effort to provide the necessary housing to meet the present
and ever increasing demand therefor, and

WHEREAS, the successful and timely prosecution of the aforesaid building
program depends in large measure upon the expeditious consideration by
the Federal Housing Administration of formal applications for building
loans, and

WHEREAS, under the present organizational distribution of Federal Housing
Administration field offices, the needs of the entire State of Nevada
are administered only by a branch office in the City of Reno which is
subsidiary to the main office in San Francisco, California, and