241

CLAIM:	CHIEF	Commissioner Whipple moved that the claim of Chief of Police Robert

MALBURG	F. Malburg in the sum of $50.53 covering expenses incurred in

	returning Robert L. Smith from Independence, California on a bad

	check charge be approved: Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore

and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent Commissioner
Clark.

ZONE EXCEPTION	Upon motion of Commissioner Baskin, duly seconded by Commissioner

CASE #41 - Harding	Whipple and carried unanimously the following recommendation of

Atkinson, Lot 11,	the Planning Commission was approved:

Blk. 18, H.F.M.&M.

ADDITION	May 6, 1948



Re:	ZONE EXCEPTION CASE NO. 41

Harding Atkinson

Lot 11, Block 18, H.F.M.&M. Addition

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your Honorable Board adopt an order
approving the recommendation of the Joint Planning Commission that the
above petitioner be granted permission to use the lot indicated above
as requested, such property being located in Residential Zone #4, on
the south side of Jefferson Street, between "F" and "G" Streets, as
legally described in the petition for exception, a copy of which is on
file in the Office of the Planning Commission. The approval of the use
requested is to permit the use of an existing building on said premises
for radio repairing, with no enlargement of said quarters for such use
and that such use be interpreted as a home occupation defined as follows:

HOME OCCUPATION

An occupation carried on by the occupant of a dwelling as an
incidental or a secondary use, in connection with which there
is no change in the character of the dwelling and there is no
display, no stock in trade nor commodity sold on the premises,
no assistants employed, and no mechanical equipment used except
such as is necessary for purely domestic purposes. Clinics,
surgeries, hospitals, barber shops, beauty parlors, business
offices, and professional offices shall not be deemed home oc-
cupations.

This approval specifically does not include an approval for general com-
mercial use of said premises.

This petition, involving property legally described therein and classified
in Residential Zone #4, was presented to and reviewed by the members of the
Joint Planning Commission on April 27, 1948.

After consideration of all factual data before the Commission, it was
determined that the exception here recommended under the conditions set
forth was consistent with the intent and purposes of the City Zoning
Ordinance.

Respectfully yours,

LAS VEGAS -- CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

/s/ C. G. PETRIE

C. G. Petrie
City Engineer

REGIONAL PLANNING	Commissioner Whipple moved that the proposed ordinance as recommended

COMMISSION	by the Joint Planning Commission for the creation of a Regional

	Planning Commission be referred to the City Attorney for preparation,

with the recommendation that Section 3 of said proposed ordinance be
amended to show that the appointive board consist of the governing
bodies of the County Commissioners and the Mayors of the Cities of
Las Vegas and North Las Vegas. Further that the City Attorney be
instructed to confer with the District Attorney and the City Attorney
of North Las Vegas so that the ordinances may be the same. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

SUBDIVISION	Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the Planning

BOULDER DAM	Commission as of September 19, 1947 relative to the Street improvements

HOMESITE TRACT #5	and acceptance of the final map of the Boulder Dam Homesite Tract #5

PROPOSED STREET	be approved when	an agreement is drawn up and entered into with

IMPROVEMENT AND	Mr. Van Patten.	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried

FINAL MAP	by the following	vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and

	His Honor voting	aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.