103

Thereafter, Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing recommendation
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

ZONE EXCEPTION CASE	The following recommendation from the Joint Planning Commission dated

NO. 31 —David O. Parks July 3, 1947 was presented to the Board for their consideration:

Lots 15 & 16-Block 1
Mayfair Tract #1

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Zone Exception Case #31

Mr. David 0. Parks
Lots 15 & 16, Block 1
Mayfair Tract No. 1

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your Honorable Board adopt an order
approving the recommendation of the Joint Planning Commission that the above petitioner
be granted permission to use the property indicated above for LIMITED MULTIPLE DWELLING
USE as described below. Such property is located on the east side of South fifteenth
Street, adjacent to the alley, just south of and parallel to Fremont Street, in
residence zone #1, as legally described in the petition for exception, a copy of which
is on file in the Office of the Planning Commission. The property is included in an
area which is being redistricted as a Limited Multiple dwelling District under the Land
Use Plan.

It is further recommended that your order include the following provisions:

1.	USE

That the property described be used only for limited multiple residential
dwellings subject to the limitations hereinafter specifically set forth.

2.	COVERAGE

The maximum coverage permitted under this use shall not exceed four dwellings
units (one-family) each per lot as platted, or one dwelling per each one thous-
and seven hundred fifty (1,750) square feet of lot area.

3.	BUILDING HEIGHT LIMIT

The maximum building height shall be two stories.

4.	YARDS REQUIRED

A.	No building shall be erected closer than twenty (20) feet to the
front property line of any lot fronting on South Fifteenth Street.

B. There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less
than ten percent of the width of the lot.

C.	There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty (20) feet in depth.

5.	DWELLING GROUPS

In the event dwelling groups are to be erected, plot plan shall first be
submitted to the Planning Commission for compliance with regulations for
such use permitted in such property.

6.	PROVISIONS FOR STORAGE OF AUTOMOBILE

There shall be provided at the time of the construction of any dwelling
units hereafter erected, minimum permanently maintained off-street parking
accommodations, with adequate provisions for ingress as follows:	There shall

be provided private automobile storage space, located on the same lot or parcel
of land, with a capacity of not less than one car for each dwelling unit.

7.	BUILDING AND PLOT PLANS.

Building and plot plans to be checked by Office of the Planning Commission
for compliance with above conditions.

8.	DEED RESTRICTIONS

It is not intended by the granting of this exception to interfere with, abridge, 

abrogate, or annul any private covenants, deed restrictions or other agreements
between parties effecting the lands concerned.

This petition involving property legally described therein and classified in
Residence Zone #1 was presented to and reviewed by members of the Joint Planning Commission
on July 1, 1947. After consideration of all factual data before members of the Commission,
it was determined that the exception here recommended under the conditions set forth was
consistent with the intent and purposes of the City Zoning Ordinance and amendments thereto
now being prepared.

Respectfully submitted,

LAS VEGAS --CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

s/ C. G. Petrie