410

FIRST ANNUAL ELKS CARNIVAL At this time the request of the Silver State Lodge No. 1158, I. B. P. 0. E. of W.
Request to Hold	under date of May 23, 1949, to hold "The First Annual Elks Carnival on the ground

adjacent to their Lodge at 504 Jackson Street from July 1st through July 4th, 1949,
	was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the foregoing request be granted. Commissioner
Peccole seconded the motion. Before the vote was taken on this motion, discussion
was held relative to the authority of the Board of Commissioners to approve certain
gambling concessions without requiring a license fee. Commissioner Peccole with-
drew his second.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker amended his motion, stating that the request of the
above mentioned Silver State Lodge No. 1158 to hold a carnival from July 1 through
July 4, 1949 be approved providing that none of the games, concessions, etc., sub-
mitted on the list with the request be played for money, rather for merchandise prizes
only.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HOUSING AUTHORITY	Commissioner Whipple moved that the appointment of a Commissioner of the Housing

Appointment of Member	Authority of the City of Las Vegas to fill the vacancy created by the expired term

of Commissioner Thomas B. Hanley as of June 6, 1949, be made an order of business
	on June 22, 1949.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 49.4 - Lamp Contract At this time the City Manager presented the following tabulation on Bid No. 49.4
Award	heretofore opened at this meeting and referred to him for recommendation:

Bidder	Trade Name	Discount

Standard Wholesale Supply	Co.	Westinghouse

Standard Wholesale Supply	Co.	Ken-Rad

Osborne & Kitchen	Sylvania

Nevada Electric	Westinghouse

Saviors Electric Corporation	Westinghouse

* F.O.B. Reno
Low Bidder:

Saviers Electric Corporation 34% - 5%

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing bid of Saviers Electric
Corporation being the low bid received for the furnishing of lamps to the City for
the period from June 15, 1949 to June 14, 1950 inclusive, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TAXI CAB STANDS	At this time Mr. Harry Clairboume, attorney, appeared before the Board represent-

Protest of Union Cab Co.	ing Messrs. Christmas and Brewer, owners of the Union Cab Company of this city.

Mr. Claiboume stated that his clients were protesting the fact that their application
	for a taxicab stand in front of the Greyhound Bus Terminal had been denied with no

reasons for denial given by the City Engineer or City Manager. Further, that they
believed this application should be granted because it would be for public convenience
being in close proximity to the bus terminal and secondly this is the only application
that has been denied since the adoption of Ordinance No. 358.

After considerable discussion which was entered into by His Honor Mayor Cragin, the
City Manager and the two present owners of the Union Cab Company, the Board decided
to refer the matter to the City Attorney for investigation and recommendation to the
Board.

BID NO. 49.4 - Telegram	At this time a telegram dated June 7, 1949, 3:00 P.M. received from General Electric

Company, Salt Lake City, Utah by Dean N. Jenks, Lamp Department, regarding Bid No.
49.4. This telegram was read to the Board and ordered filed.



There being no further business to come before this meeting Commissioner Peccole moved
that this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor