122

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS The following gaming applications were presented to the Board for their

consideration.

Walter Mills Elimo-Slave Laundry
F. A.	Wells	Betty's Cafe

W. E.	Green	Mandalay Bar

C. B.	Hammer	Topper's Kitchen

K. A.	Freeman	Chicago Villa

Sam Taylor	Chicago Villa

K. A. Freeman Ted's Grill

Thereafter, Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing applications
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

$125,000.00	Commissioner Baskin moved that the city clerk be instructed to notify

BOND ISSUE	E. L. Burton Co., to make the $125,000.00 bond issue payable in twenty

payments commencing in 1948. The 1948 payment to be in the amount of
	$11,000.00 and the remaining payments in the amount of $6,000.00 per

annum.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

RESIGNATION	At this time the written resignation of T. E. Fennessy, city manager, was

T. E. Fennessy	presented to the Board for their consideration.

	Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved that the resignation of T. E. Fennessy

city manager, be accepted and that he be granted his earned salary to
date in the sum of $162.50 plus three months salary covering earned
vacation and overtime in the sum of $1,950.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

ACTING CITY MANAGER Commissioner Baskin moved that Geo. 0. Treem be appointed acting city
Appointed	manager as of this date.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

REPORT OF POLICE At this time, Captain Slark together with Sergeant of Detectives Handlon,
DEPARTMENT	Detective Woofter and Captain Hornar; all of the Police Department, appeared

Re: Officer Parrish before the Board relative to the suspension of Officer Parrish from the
	Police Department.

FIRE PROTECTION	Commissioner Baskin moved that fire chief Case be authorized to protect

Los Angeles High-	the Los Angeles Highway as far as the Flamingo Club, and that negotiations

Way 	be started for payment	thereof.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

ADJOURNMENT	There being no further business to come before this meeting, Commissioner

	Whipple moved that	this	meeting adjourn until September 5, at the hour of

	2:00 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Attest:	approved:

City clerk

Mayor

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 5, 1947

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 5th day
of September, 1947. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem	

Clark at the hour of 2:00 p.m. with the following members present:	Com-

missioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple, Acting City Manager George 0. Treem,

Deputy City Attorney, G. Wm. Coulthard, Esq., and City Clerk Helen Scott
Reed. Absent:	Mayor E. w. Cragin and City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved that the Minutes of August 22nd be approved by

	reference and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same. Motion

	seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor pro tem Clark voting
aye. Noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Whipple moved that payroll claims Nos. 1250,1254-1259 inc.,

	and 1261 in the net sum of $25,131.68 be approved and the Mayor and City

Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and