170

SERVICE & MATERIAL Commissioner Clark moved that service and material warrants Nos. 1330
CLAIMS	and 1332 to 1337 inclusive in the sum of $139,045.61 be approved and

	the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark moved that payroll	claims Nos.	1323 to 1328 incl.,

	and 1331 in the net sum of $21,017.10	be	approved	and the Mayor and

City Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark,

More, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT Commissioner Moore moved that the Special Assessment Roll covering

Biltmore Addn. Annex	street improvements in Biltmore Addition	Annex #1	and Biltmore Addition

#1 & 2, Street Impr.	Annex #2 as submitted by the Assessor	be	numbered	4-l947 by the City	

	Clerk and filed in her office. Further that Notice of Hearing on said

	Assessment District be published for two consecutive weeks in the Las

Vegas Evening Review Journal setting December 29, 1947 at 2:00 P.M.
as the time for the hearing. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.	

KELSO TURNER	Pursuant to the joint meeting held with Brigadier General McDaniel,

	M. C. Redman of the Public Housing Administration, Army Personnel,

	Las Vegas Housing Board and the City Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas, the Board of City Commissioners have met informally many times
and at regular meeting of the Board held on December 8th, went on
record as follows to substantiate their former request that the Kelso
Turner Housing in Las Vegas be turned over to them through their
Housing Board for administering.

1.	As early as October 1945 the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
became interested in the Disposal of the Kelso Turner
Housing and arran ed a meeting with Mr. John Berger of
the National Housing agency and followed the procedure
outlined by him and moved as rapidly as possible to
create a Housing Authority in Las Vegas and take over
the operation of the Housing in question.

2.	The Army did make a request for this housing before
the City made its formal request but the City was
moving as fast as possible to get itself in a position
to make a formal request to have this housing turned
over to them.

3.	If the City of Las Vegas can continue to operate this
Housing through its Housing Board - in a period of years
this housing will become the property of the City of
Las Vegas for low cost housing.

4.	If the Army would take over and operate this housing and
for any reason abandon its operations in Las Vegas or be
provided with permanent housing - this housing would be
disposed of and could be disposed of in such a manner

that would be detrimental to the best interests of the City.

5.	If the City of Las Vegas can operate this housing it will
receive funds from the Government in lieu of taxes amounting
to approximately $5,000.00 per year (see letter from Housing
Board) and will be paid for other services performed, and
the State, County and Schools will also benefit from funds
paid in lieu of taxes. The City of Las Vegas has expanded so
fast and is continuing to expand so fast, the City must

look to every source of revenue if we are to progress and
maintain good sanitation, fire protection and law enforcement.

6.	The City of Las Vegas in turning over to the Army, the Las
Vegas Army Airfield will lose rental income exceeding $10,000.00
per year and will turn buildings and land over to the Army

in excess of $15,000.00.

7.	This housing being situate within the City limits of Las

Vegas, the City can better serve the Army personnel living	

therein by using the services now maintained by the City.

8.	The Housing Board set up to operate this housing is an
appointive Board subject to the will of the City Commission
and the City can and will guarantee that any Board operating
this housing will give all available housing in this project
to Army personnel.

9.	Approximately 50 units are now being occupied by persons	

other than Army, Navy, Veterans and Army Field employees

and the City will take the necessary steps to evict the
tenants and make this housing available for the Army.

RESOLUTION RE:	The following Resolution was presented to the Board for their consideration:

EMERGENCY LOAN

	STATE BOARD OF FINANCE

Meeting held December 1, 1947 RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas to MAKE TEMPORARY EMERGENCY LOAN

WHEREAS, it being made to appear to the satisfaction of the State Board of
Finance, duly called and met in session under and pursuant to the provisions
of that certain Act of the Legislature of Nevada entitled "An Act Regulating
the fiscal management of Counties, Cities, Towns, School Districts and other