417

NOTICE

Notice is hereby given that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, having ordered the codification and revision of the ordinances of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, did, on the 4th day of June, 1949, pass Ordinance No. 385 entitled
"An Ordinance Adopting A New Revision and Codification Of The Ordinances Of The City
Of Las Vegas, Nevada, Providing For the Repeal of Certain Ordinances Not Included
Therein And For Other Purposes As Hereinafter Set Forth", thereby adopting said code.

That more than fifty (50) copies of the said code known as "The Code of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949" have been printed in book form, and three (3) copies
thereof are now on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada.

That pursuant to section 30 of Chapter II of the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, as amended, 1949 N.C.L., the said codification and revision shall
become effective immediately after the second publication of this Notice.

Dated this 22 day of June, 1949*

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye: noes, none.

BONDS OF NEWLY	At this time a memorandum under date of June 9, 1949 from Howard W. Cannon, City Attorney

ELECTED OFFICERS	was received, stating that he had checked the bonds of the newly elected officers and

found that these bonds comply with the requirements of the Charter of the City of Las
	Vegas. Bonds from following officers were submitted for consideration by the Board:

Howard W. Cannon	City Attorney

William Peccole	Commissioner

Wendell Bunker	Commissioner

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing bonds be approved and ordered
filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioners Bunker and Peccole
passed their votes.

GRIFFITH-KALTENBORN Commissioner Whipple moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional Planning
TRACT	Commission under date of June 8, 1949, the tentative subdivision map of a portion of the

Tentative Map	Griffith-Kaltenbom Tract located in the of the NE 1/4 of Section 32, T. 20 S., R. 61 E.,

M.D.B. & M., be approved subject to the usual conditions set forth by the Regional Planning
Commission in Subdivisions.

V

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ZONE VARIANCE #70	Commissioner Whipple moved that upon the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission

Howard Burgess	under date of June 22, 1949, the request of Howard W. Burgess for Zone Variance Case No. 70,

	changing Lots 4, 5, and 6 of Block 20, Original Las Vegas Townsite from R-2 Two-Family Zone

to the R-4 Apartment Zone be approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Planning
Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VACATION R/W -	Commissioner Peccole moved that the City Clerk be directed to post notice of the intention

Church & Noblitt	of the Board to vacate certain portions of streets and alleys in the Church and Noblitt

Additions	Additions as shown by petition on file and pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional

Planning Commission dated June 22, 1949. Further that the date for public hearing on this
	vacation be set for July 28, 1949 at 3:00 P. M.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ADVERTISEMENT FOR BIDS	Commissioner Bunker moved that the City Clerk be instructed to publish an advertisement

Special Assessment	calling for bids for the furnishing of labor, material, transportation and services for

District #200-0	the construction of a sanitary sewer in Special Assessment District No. 200-0 located in

the 14th Street Addition, said bids to be received and opened at a regular meeting of the
	Board to be held on July 22, 1949.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TAXI APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Whipple moved that the applications of Tanner Motor Tours of Nevada for license

Tanner Motors	to operate taxis, two additional cabs and two replacement cabs, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1050 through 1055 in the net sum of

$27,050.43 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RECESS	Commissioner Whipple moved that this meeting recess until 8:00 P. M. this date.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

**********

Meeting called to order at the hour of 8:00 P. M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin will all
Board members present together with City Manager J. M. Murphy, City Attorney Howard W.
Cannon, Comptroller Harold A. Laird and George H. Woods, Auditor. Absent:	City Clerk

Shirley Ballinger