408

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 7, 1949

A regular meeting of the Board of commissioners held this 7th day of June,

 1949 was called to order at the hour of 3:20 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W.

Cragin with the following members present :	Commissioners Bunker, Moore,

Peccole, Whipple; City Manager J. M. Murphy, City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

His Honor greeted the numerous people at the meeting and asked if there were
any present who would like to take up any matter with the Board. There being
no one present addressing the chair, His Honor stated that the Board would proceed
with business presented on the agenda.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1046 through 1049 in the

net sum of $26,602.05 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 49.4 - Lamp Contract This being the time set for the opening of the Bid No. 49.4 concerning the

Opening	furnishing of lamps to the City from June 15, 1949 through June 14, 1950, said

bids having been received on June 6, 1949 as stipulated in the Invitation to
	Bid and the opening deferred until this regular meeting, bids were opened from

the following concerns:

Standard Wholesale Supply Co.	Las Vegas, Nevada

Osbourne & Kitchen	Reno, Nevada

Nevada Electric Co.	Las Vegas, Nevada

Saviors Electric Corp.	Las Vegas, Nevada

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the
City Manager for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ZONE VARIANCE NO. 69	Commissioner Whipple moved that upon recommendation of the Regional Planning

Marie Turman	Commission as contained in their letter of June 6, 1949 the request of Marie

Turman, Lot 2, Block 28, H.F.M. & M. Addition for a zone variance, Case No. 69,

	be approved subject to the conditions set forth by the said Planning Commission

in the aforementioned letter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHARLESTON SQUARE	Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional

Final Map Approved	Planning Commission as contained in their letter of June 6, 1949, the final map

of Charleston Square #4 be approved, subject to check by the City Engineer.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT - Dr. E. T. Martin Commissioner Moore moved that upon recommendation of the Regional Planning Commis-
sion as contained in their letter of June 6, 1949, the request of Dr. E. T. Martin
	for a "Use Permit" in order to operate a small animal hospital at 1203 South Main

Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AMENDMENTS TO MASTER PLAN	At this time letters of recommendation from the Regional Planning Commission under

Public Meeting	date of June 6, 1949, relative to the proposed re-zoning of

	a) properties between 5th Street and the alley between 12th and 13th

	Streets and Stewart Avenue and Fremont, and

b) properties on 13th, 14th and l5th Streets between Stewart Avenue
and Bonanza Road,
were read to the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the Board of Commissioners being in
receipt of certified copies of proposed amendments to the Master Plan of the
City of Las Vegas, the City Clerk is hereby directed to publish the following
notice for one publication in the Las Vegas Review Journal, setting June 22,

1949 at the hour of 3:00 P.M. as the time for hearing on said proposed amendments:

NOTICE

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
is in receipt of several certified copies of maps rezoning certain properties which
are changes in the Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas adopted by the Regional
Planning Commission by resolution at its meetings held on the 25th day of February,
1949, the 18th day of April, 1949, the 26th day of April, 1949, and the 31st day of
May, 1949, and that the Board of Commissioners of said City will hold a public
hearing on said amendments to the Master Plan at a meeting to be held on the 22nd
day of June, 1949, at 3:00 o'clock, P.M. of that date in the Council Chambers in
the War Memorial Building, on Stewart Avenue at the comer of North Fifth Street,
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and after such public hearing at said meeting
will consider for adoption certain changes to the Master Plan as adopted by the
Regional Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.