213

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved that the Minutes of February 6, 20 and 27th

	be	approved by reference and the	Mayor and City Clerk authorized

	to	sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried

by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims #1396-1403, both

	inclusive, in the net sum of $25,188.85 be approved and the Mayor

and City Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by Commis-
sioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes,

None.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL Commissioner Clark moved that service and material warrants #1404
WARRANTS	to	1407, both inclusive and 1409	and 1410 in the sum of $22,963.57

	be	approved subject to dispersal	by the comptroller; and the Mayor

and City authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall appeared.

SCHOOL SITE	Commissioner Whipple moved	that the City is willing to deed	five

CCC CAMP	acres, as requested by the	Las Vegas Union School District,	and

	direct the City Manager to	have the necessary Plat prepared	together

	with an agreement that in the event the land is not used for school

purposes, it will revert back to the City of Las Vegas. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

$350,000 SEWAGE	Commissioner Clark moved that the Edward L. Burton Company be

DISPOSAL PLANT BONDS	notified that it is the wish of the Board that the maturity

schedule on the $350,000 sewage disposal plant bonds be as follows:
$8,000 maturing the first year and $18,000 maturing each year
for 19 additional years and that the matter be handled by a regular
ordinance instead of an emergency ordinance. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ZONE EXCEPTION CASE On motion of Commissioner Moore duly seconded by Commissioner Clark
#45—Lots 19-20-21-22	and unanimously carried the following recommendation of the Planning

Block 7, Pioneer	Commission was adopted:

Heights Addn.

	1. USE

That the property described be used only for limited
multiple residential dwellings subject to the limitations
hereinafter specifically set forth.

2.	COVERAGE

The maximum coverage permitted under this use shall
not exceed four dwelling units (one-family) each per
two lots as platted, or one dwelling per each one
thousand seven hundred fifty (1,750) square feet of
lot area.

3.	BUILDING HEIGHT LIMIT

The maximum building height shall be two stories.

4.	YARDS REQUIRED

a.	No building shall be erected closer than twenty
(20) feet to the front property line.

b.	There shall be a side yard on each side of a
building of not less than ten percent of the
width of the lot.

c.	There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty
(20) feet in depth.

5.	DWELLING GROUPS

In the event dwelling groups are to be erected,
plot plan shall first be submitted to the Planning
Commission for compliance with regulations for such
use permitted in such property.

6.	PROVISIONS FOR STORAGE OF AUTOMOBILE

There shall be provided at the time of the construction
of any dwelling units hereafter erected, minimum
permanently maintained off-street parking accom-
odations with adequate provisions for ingress, as follows:

There shall be provided private automobile storage
space, located on the same lot or parcel of land,
with a capacity for not less than one car for each
dwelling unit.

7.	BUILDING AND PLOT PLANS

Building and plot plans to be checked by Office
of the Planning Commission for compliance with
above conditions.