452

ANIMAL SHELTER	Commissioner Bunker moved that the letter of August 10, 1949, received from the Health

Communication from	Department regarding inspection of all dogs brought into the Animal Shelter be referred

Health Department	to the City Manger.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TAXICAB FARES	At this time His Honor read an opinion under date of August 11, 1949 from the City Attorney

	relative to the regulation of fares charged by Taxicabs. The City Clerk was directed to

	notify all taxicab companies and the Teamster's Union that the Board would like to meet with

them on this matter August 30, 1949 at 3:30 P.M.

SETBACK VARIANCE	At this time Mr. Oscar Logan appeared before the Board relative to	his request for	a

Oscar Logan	Setback Variance, Lots 1 and 2, Block 7 of Pioneer Height Addition	which was denied	on

	July 22, 1949.

After considerable discussion was held Commissioner Peccole moved that the action of the
Board taken on July 22 be rescinded and this setback variance be reconsidered and approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker, and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT ROLL -	Commissioner Whipple moved that the Special Assessment Roll covering street lighting improvements

Biltmore Addition	in Biltmore Addition, Biltmore Addition Annex #1 and Biltmore Addition Annex #2 as submitted by

Annex 1 & 2 Street	the assessor be numbered 3-1949 by the City Clerk and filed in her	office. Further	that

Lighting	Notice of Hearing on said Assessment District be published for two	weeks in the Las	Vegas

Evening Review-Journal setting Sept 15, 1949 at 3:00 P.M. as the time for the hearing.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PETITION FOR REHEARING Mr. Vern Willis representing Western Air Lines, Inc., appeared before the Board at this time to
TWA Lending Privileges request the Board to withdraw the resolution petitioning the Civil Aeronautics	Board	for	rehearing

	on the request of TWA for landing privileges, at Las Vegas.

Mr. Jack Davis of TWA was also present and asked that the Board continue their support of
this petition.

After discussion was held His Honor, speaking for the Board of Commissioners, stated that
this matter would be taken under advisement,
the

ADVERTISING ON GARBAGE	The opinion	of/City Attorney relative to	whether the City can enter into a contract	allowing

CANS	advertising	on garbage cans, as recently	requested by Mr. M. M.	Zenoff, was read to	the Board.

	Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that the proposal of Mr. M. M. Zenoff be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TRACTOR & BULLSCLAM	Commissioner Whipple moved that the Conditional Sales Contract between Clark County Wholesale

SHOVEL	Mercantile and the City be referred to the City Manger for investigation.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners	Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHARLESTON SQUARTER	#3	His Honor read a letter dated August 12,	1949 from the Regional	Planning Commission	recommending

Sidewalk Relocation	approval of	request of Mr. J. S. Chapman,	Charleston Square No.	3 for relocation of	sidewalk.

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation of the Regional
Planning Commission, the foregoing request for relocation of sidewalk in Charleston Square No. 3
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TIVOLI TAVERN	Commissioner Peccole moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation of the Police Department

Marvin M. Wells	that the application of Marvin M. Wells and Joyce Primrose Lane, Tivoli Tavern, 126 No. 1st Street,

for Retail Tavern Liquor License, 3rd quarter of 1949 be approved.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LOG CABIN BAR	Commissioner	Moore moved that Mr.	Sam Taylor be notified that the	Retail Tavern liquor license of

Rufus M. White	the Log Cabin Bar, 122 North 1st,	to Mr. Rufus M. White cannot be	transferred until	Mr. White

has been a resident of City for six months.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MIKE'S LIQUOR STORE	Commissioner Bunker move that the application of M. H. and Sallie J. Gordon, Mike's Liquor Store,

106 Fremont for a Sealed Package Miniature liquor license for the third quarter of 1949 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WESTERN CLUB	At this time	the applications for	Bennie Binion and J. S. Pappas,	Western Club, 109	Fremont for

Gaming & Liquor	for a Retail	Tavern liquor license and 22 slot machines, 1 Race Book, 1 Crap table,	2 "21" games,

 1 Roulette and 1 Faro bank for the third quarter of 1949 were presented to the Board for their
	 consideration.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing applications for liquor and gaming licenses be
denied on the grounds as stated before that in the opinion of the Board there are sufficient gambling
and liquor licenses in existence to take care of the present population and until the population
justifies it, all new applications will be denied.