93

#3

ORDER FOR EXTRA WORK
or Changes to Original Contract

To:	N. P. Van Valkenburgh -	Office of Richard Stadelman, A.I.A*

1014 Yucca Street, Las Vegas, Nevada	Las Vegas, Nevada

job:	Las Vegas Bathhouse	Date:	June 19, 1947

Provide and install a 6" W. F. beam 6' long over tunnel to bear 8" concrete block wall.
Over remaining portion of wall run another 6" W.F. beam into above "I" beam and field
weld with bead over entire contact surface. Where beams fit into existing concrete
wall same shall be properly fitted and grouted.

(Correction necessary to work executed by Runyon.)

Dollars $205.00

s/ N.p. Van Valkenburgh Co.

By:	H. W. Polk	s/ R. Stadelman

Thereafter, Commissioner Whipple moved that change Orders Nos. 1
in the sum of $82.00, Change Order No. 2 in the sum of $105.00,
and Change Order No. 3 in the sum of $205.00 be approved. Further
that Change Orders Nos. 2 & e be deducted from the final payment to
N. P. Van Valkenburgh Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

BATHHOUSES --	The following credit order No. 4 was presented to the board for

Credit order	their consideration:

CREDIT ORDER

To:	N. P. Van Valkenburgh	Office of Richard Stadelman, A.I.A.

1014 Yucca , Las Vegas	Las V gas, Nevada

Job:	Las Vegas Bathhouse	Dated:	June 19, 1947

The plate glass and iron entrances at front of building and on the
pool side of building shall be replaced with 2 x 6 D.F. clear S4S
jambs, mullions, and sills. A 1/2 x 1 1/4 door stop will be used each
side of plate glass around entire area. All cross members shall be
gained into jambs and vertical mullions except on the sill which
shall be rebatted.

Dollars $500.00

s/ N. P. Van Valkenburgh Co.	s/ R. Stadelman

By:	H. W Polk

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that Credit Order Nor. 4 be
approved and accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION Commissioner Moore moved that the application of Dave Stearns for
Dave Stearns transfer of his Race Horse Book license from 116 Fremont to 104

Fremont be granted, for the reason that Mr. Stearns has lost his
lease at the former location, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

ADJOURNMENT	There being no further business to come before this meeting Com-

missioner Whipple moved that this meeting recess until June 27th
	at the hour of 3:00 p.m. for the purpose of acting on gaming and

liquor applications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City clerk	Mayor