356

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that pursuant to the provision of the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas the Mayor shall forthwith make proclamation of said election.

TERMINATION OF	The copy of the termination agreement with the Union Pacific Railroad for	the	furnishing

AGREEMENT_________	of standby electric service to the Police Department was ordered filed.

RR ELECTRIC, SERVICE

V

TEACHER BUILDING CO. Commissioner Baskin moved that the complaint of the Teacher Building Co. against the
Complaint	City of Las Vegas relative to the vacation of a portion of A Street be referred to the

	City Attorney to answer and defend.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

PROPOSED 1949	 BUDGET	Commissioner Whipple moved that the proposed 1949 Budget of the City of	Las	Vegas	be

	referred to Mr. George H. Wood, accountant, for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

SALE OF CITY LAND	Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Attorney be instructed to prepare the necessary

L. A. Highway	notice and bids for the sale of City property located on the Los Angeles Highway.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

AUCTIONEERS ORDINANCE Commissioner Whipple, member of the committee for report on the proposed Auctioneers

ordinance, asked for additional time before reporting.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner Clark
moved that the meeting adjourn until March 7, 1949 at the hour of 2:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Mayor

City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 8, 1949

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 8th day of March, 1949
	was called to order at the hour of 3:30 P. M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the

	following members present:	Commissioners Moore and Whipple; City Manager J. M. Murphy,

City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	Commissioners

Baskin and Clark.

BID NO. 49.1	At this time City Manager J. M. Murphy presented the tabulation on the Bids No. 49.1 which

were opened March 7, l949. Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that the City Manager be
	directed to contact the Wilshire Oil Company to ascertain if the necessary amount of

gasoline can be delivered to the City before the contract is signed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Moore and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and

Clark.

RESOLUTION -	On motion of Commissioner Moore, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the

Emergency Loan	unanimous vote of the members present, all action on the resolution for an emergency loan

introduced by Commissioner Baskin at the special meeting of the Board held on February 18,

	1949,	was tabled until March 17, 1949 at a special meeting to be called	for that	date	and

	for that purpose for the reason that two commissioners were absent, all	of which	was

publicly announced by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin.

There	being no further business to come before the meeting at this time,	Commissioner	Moore

moved	that this meeting recess until March 10, 1949 at the hour of 3:00	P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

City Clerk



Las Vegas, Nevada
March 10, 1949

A recessed regular meeting of the Board held this 10th day of March, 1949 was called to order
at the hour of 3:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark with the following members present:
Commissioners Baskin and Whipple. City Manager J. M. Murphy and City Clerk Shirley
Ballinger. Absent:	Mayor Cragin, Commissioner Moore and City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.

The Minutes of March 10, 1949 ere continued on page 357