508

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS there is now pending the Legislature of the State of Nevada a bill
providing for taxation on the gross revenue of gaming clubs, and

WHEREAS, the Board of the City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas feels that
such a tax la at the present time unnecessary,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas that the Clark County delegation to the State Legislature in hereby notified
to fight against the bill now pending in the State Legislature providing for the tax-
ation of the gross revenue of gaming clubs, and

RE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that if it shall appear that the passage of such a bill
is eminent that the Clark County Delegation attempt to administrate said bill to pro-
vide that fifty per cent (50%) of the tax so collected shall go to the City, twenty-five
per cent (25%) to the County and twenty-five (25%) to the State as is the case in the
present tax collected by the County.

This resolution war read and adopted March 7, 1945.

—ooOoo—

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, it has come to the attention of the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada that the local troop of Girl Scouts in Las Vegas gave
great aid and encouragement and spent a great amount of time and energy in the drive
for Cadet Nurses in Las Vegas, Nevada,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas that a vote of gratitude by extended to the local Girl Scouts in Las Vegas,
Nevada for their aid and assistance in the recent drive for Cadet Nurses in the Las
Vegas Area.

This resolution was adopted on March 21, 1945.

---------0---------

RESOLUTION

At the last meeting of the Board of Directors of the Clark County Humane Society,
held March 24th, 1945, it was moved, seconded and carried that the following
Resolution be adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED that the Board of Directors of the Clark County Humane Society
hereby authorize the President, Mrs. Earnest Amante, and the Secretary, Lois Craig,
to sign the Contract for the year 1945, between the Clark Couth Humane Society and
the City of Las Vegas, and any other papers required by the City to complete the
agreement, and secure the monthly payments from the City as therein agreed.

Signed:	Lois Craig, Secretary

His Honor, Mayor Cragin, ordered the foregoing Resolution filed.

RESOLUTION :

BE IT RESOLVED, this 9th day of May, 1945, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
30th day of April, 1945, executed by Roman Catholic Bishop of Reno, a corporation
sole, Thomas K. Gormen, incumbent, to the city of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the county Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

This resolution was unanimously adopted May 9, 1945.

----ooOoo--—