248

PETITION TO VACATE A At this time a petition signed by interested property owners in and near 334 North 6th
NUISANCE 	Street relative to the operation of a truck line in a residential area was presented to the

	Board for their consideration, after some discussion the matter was referred to the

City Attorney.

NATIONAL GUARD	Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign the deed

ARMORY	for a site for a National Guard Armory covering land to be deeded to them when the deed

	is ready. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following

vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

WAR MEMORIAL BLDG. A letter dated May the 24th, 1948 addressed to the Board from the "40 & 8" American

	Legion protesting the use of the War Memorial Building for political meetings on Memorial Day

was read to the Board. Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the War Memorial
Building is no longer a War Memorial but is a public building and therefore the Board
cannot deny requests for public use. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	The following	gaming applications were presented to	the Board for their	consideration:

	C. W. Ansley,	Toppers Kitchen, 419 So. 5th	3 slots

L. P. Lawrence, Park Market, 428 No. 5th	4 slots

Norman M. Keller, Golden Nuggett, 2nd & Fremont	3 slots

Pat Rozzell, Orange Julius Co., 409 Fremont	1 slot



Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing applications be granted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that service & material warrant #1493 in the	sum of	$544.70

WARRANTS	covering cost	of installation of intercommunication	systems in the City	Hall be	approved,

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

COMMUNICATION	A letter dated May 27th, 1948 directed to the Board of City Commissioners and signed

Irvin A. Stephens	by Mr. Stephens relative to his installing wiring in some residences he is building

	himself was read to the Board, and after considerable discussion, Commissioner Moore moved

	that the matter be referred to the City Attorney. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark

and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and

His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time, Commissioner
Baskin moved that this meeting adjourn until June the 2nd, 1948 at the hour of 3:30 P.M.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:	

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 2, 1948

The Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada, met in recessed regular session,
pursuant to due, legal notice and call, at the regular meeting place of said Board in
Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 2nd day of June, 1948, at the hour of 3:30 o'clock p.m.

The following members of the Board of City Commissioners were present:

Mayor	E. W. Cragin

Commissioner	Robert T. Moore

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Absent:

Commissioner	C.	R.	Clark

Commissioner	R.	T.	Baskin

City Attorney	C. Norman Cornwall

Also Present:

City Manager	J.	M.	Murphy

City Clerk	Helen	Scott Reed

His Honor, E. W. Cragin, called the meeting to order and stated that in accordance
with the provisions of an ordinance passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City
 of Las Vegas, Nevada on April 23, 1948, that there had been published in full compliance
with law, a notice advertising for sale $350,000.00 general obligation bonds, such notice
____	of sale being as follows: