55

Dick & Dawson, Attorneys at Law, Denver, Colorado, will be furnished us without
charge.

We are prepared to take up and pay for said bonds in accordance with our bid and
in accordance with your Notice of Sale whenever the completed bonds are ready for
delivery.

As evidence of our good faith in making this bid, we enclose our certified check
payable to the City Treasurer, Las Vegas, Nevada, drawn on the American Trust
Company, in the amount of Six Thousand ($6,000.00) Dollars. This check is to be
retained by you as part payment for the bonds in the event we are the successful
bidders. If not, we would appreciate your returning it to us promptly.

Respectfully submitted,

BLYTH & CO. INC.

By R. W. Borden
R. W. Borden
Municipal Department

RMB:IDM

FIRST NATIONAL BANK
OF

NEVADA

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 25, 1947

Honorable Board of City Commissioners
Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

As per your Notice of Sale for $100,000 Las Vegas, Nevada, General Obligation
Swimming Pool Bonds, Series A, dated April 1, 1947. in the denomination of
$1,000 each, maturing serially in numerical order $5,000 on the first day of
April, in each of the years 1948 to 1967, both inclusive, bonds numbered 26
to 100, both inclusive, maturing on the first day of April, 1953 to 1967,
being subject to redemption in inverse numerical order at the option of the City
on the first day of April, 1952, or on any interest payment date thereafter,
for bonds bearing interest at the rate of 2   1/2% per annum, we will pay you upon
delivery of the bonds to us at Las Vegas, Nevada, their par value, plus accrued
interest from the date of the bonds to the date of their delivery to us, plus
a premium of $500.

The bonds are to be delivered to us as soon as legally possible, and if not
delivered to us on or before June 25, 1947, acceptance of delivery thereafter
shall be at our option only.

This offer is made with the understanding that at the time of the delivery
of the bonds you will supply us with the favorable approving opinion of
Pershing, Bosworth, Dick and Dawson, bond attorneys, of Denver, Colorado,
and is subject to our being furnished with this opinion.

Attached is our Cashier's Check payable to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the
amount of $5,l00, being 5% or more of the amount of our bid, which check is to
be held as an evidence of our good faith in this transaction, and applied as part
payment on the bonds when they are delivered to us in accordance with the terms
of our bid therefor. If our bid is rejected, or if the bond attorneys fail to
issue their approving opinion as to the legality of the bonds, or if the bonds
are not delivered to us on or before June 25, 1947, you agree upon demand by us,
to promptly return our check to us.

Respectfully submitted,

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF NEVADA
Las Vegas Branch

By H. Manente
Manager

The above and foregoing offer is hereby accepted for and on behalf of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, by order of the Mayor and City Commissioners in legal session
this	day of	1947.

(SEAL)

MAYOR

After careful consideration by the Board of City Commissioners of the
various bids, Commissioner	Clark	introduced and moved the