373

CANARY COTTAGE
(Formerly Tillie's Grill)

EL PONTE'S CAFE
(Formerly Val's Cafe)

FALLWELL SERVICE
(Formerly Wells & Oerter, Inc.)

FRONTIER TURF CLUB

IDLE HOUR

LU ROY'S CAFE
(Formerly Snappy Snacks)

MEXICAN KITCHEN
SPUDNUTS

Gayer Co.-Lee Hughes
Gordon W. Potter
G. G. Fallwell

Moe Sedway-Wm.I.Alderman

Russell Knecht
(Formerly Frank Gordon)

Kroloff Distr. Co.

Mrs. Marian Beltran
(Formerly Candelario
Beltran)

R. H. Russey

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing renewals be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

EL MOROCCO CLUB	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of the El Morocco Club, 1322 E Street,

Gaming	Frank Wilson, for 1 Crap, 2 Poker, 1 "21", for the second quarter of 1949, said license

	having been reinstated by the State after a year's abatement, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple passed
his vote.

GAMING - New	Commissioner Moore moved that the following new gaming applications be granted.

Gayer Co.- Lee Hughes	El Morocco	Club

Vegas Enterprises	Co.	Main Liquor Store

Patsy Malpede	Nevada Bar

Chas. M. Travis	perfection	Delicatessen

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

M.	C.	KRESS	-	Gaming	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Mathew C. Kress, 20 Fremont for one crap

game be tabled until study can be made of gaming licenses issued but not being used.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin.

	Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Mathew C. Kress, 20 Fremont for one crap

game be denied.

Commissioner Clark withdrew his former motion.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Baskin.

LIQUOR	APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of L. Wayne Stewart, Western Liquor Store,

	6 E. Charleston for a Sealed Package Mina. Liquor license for the second quarter of 1949

in place of his Retail Package Liquor license be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of F. E. Wadsworth, Beverage Distributors,

422 South Main for a Wholesale Liquor and Beverage License for the second quarter of 1949
be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Patsy Malpede and Joseph Bartoli, Nevada
Bar, 115 North 1st for a retail tavern liquor license for the second quarter of 1949 be referred
to the Police Department for investigation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the letter received from Mr. Homer Gaese of this City relative
to the naming of the Los Angeles, Salt Lake Highway as Nevada Way, be referred to the Chamber
of Commerce.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time meeting was adjourned.
ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor