323

for redemption, and shall further state that on such redemption date there will become
and be due and payable upon each bond so to be redeemed at the office of the City Trea-
surer the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption date, and
that from and after such date, interest will cease to accrue. Notice having been
given in the manner hereinbefore provided, the bond or bonds so called for redemption
shall become due and payable on the redemption date so designated and upon presenta-
tion thereof at the office of the City Treasurer, together with all appurtenant coupons
maturing subsequent to the redemption date the City of Las Vegas will pay the bond or
bonds so called for redemption."

Section 2. That Section it of Emergency Ordinance No. 353 duly adopted by the
Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas on the 23rd day of April, 1948, be and the
same is hereby amended to read as follows, to-wit:

"Section 4. That said bonds and the coupons attached thereto shall be in
substantially the following form:

"UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA

LAS VEGAS SEWAGE DISPOSAL BONDS
SERIES OF MAY 1, l948

No. ______ $1,000.00

"The City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for value
received, hereby acknowledges itself indebted and promises to pay to bearer the sum of

ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,000.00)

on the first day of May, A.D. 19____, with interest thereon at the rate of________per

centum (______%) per annum, payable semiannually on the first days of May and November

in each year upon presentation and surrender of this bond and the attached coupons as
they severally become due, both principal and interest being payable at the office of
the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada, in any coin or cur-
rency of the United States of America which, on the respective dates of payment is
legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.

"(This bond is subject to redemption at the option of the City of Las
Vegas on the first day of May, 1953, or on any interest payment date thereafter at
a price equal to the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption
date. Redemption shall be made upon not less than thirty days' prior notice by pub-
lication in a newspaper of general circulation in the City of Las Vegas in the manner
and upon the conditions provided in the ordinance authorizing the issuance of this
bond.)

"This bond is one of a series of bonds of like tenor issued by the City of
Las Vegas for the purpose of constructing a sewage disposal plant as part of and in
connection with the sewerage system of said City, for the use of the City of Las
Vegas and its inhabitants and for defraying the cost thereof under the authority of
the Charter of said City and of an ordinance duly enacted pursuant thereto by the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. It is hereby certified that
all acts and things required to be done and all conditions and things required to
exist precedent to and in the issuance of this bond to render the same lawful and
valid have happened, been done and performed and did exist in regular and in due form
and in every manner as required by law and that the total indebtedness of the City
of Las Vegas including the indebtedness evidenced by this bond does not exceed the
statutory or constitutional limitations under the constitution and laws of the
State of Nevada and of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and it is further
certified and recited that provision has been made for the levy and collection of an
annual tax sufficient to pay the interest on this bond and to discharge the principal
thereof when and as the same severally becomes due.

"The full faith and credit of the City of Las Vegas are hereby pledged for
the punctual payment of the principal of and the interest upon this bond.

"IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas has caused this bond to be
signed by its Mayor and by its City Clerk and countersigned by the City Treasurer
under the seal of the City of Las Vegas, all this first day of May, A. D. 1948.

Mayor

Countersigned:

ATTEST:	City Treasurer

City clerk

"*(To be inserted in bonds numbered 176 to 360, both inclusive, maturing
on and after May 1, 1954.)