136

1.	Streets

(a)	. Graded and improved to widths as indicated on

map, thirty-six (36) ft. minimum paving width,
curb to curb.

(b)	Curbs and gutters - concrete, "L" type.

(c)	Driveways - where car storage space on any lot
is accessible from the street provision should
be made for driveways extending from the street
pavement to garage including approved surfacing
where driveways may slope to street, and in all
cases between curb and property line. Where
there is no garage such driveways should be
provided at least to the building line or

any car port or automobile storage space be-
hind said building line.

Sidewalks - concrete - Four (4) ft.minimum	

width located one (1) ft. from property line.

(e)	Alleys - to be minimum width of twenty (20) feet.

(f)	Street trees - if planted by the developer
shall be of approved hardy, uniform variety,
planted along all streets at intervals of not
less nor more than forty (40) ft. (except where
such interval may be varied due to driveways,
etc.)

(g)	City engineer to approve all profiles, cross
sections and construction specifications.

2.	Lots

(a)	All lots within this tract shall be platted
with minimum of fifty (50) ft. frontage.

3.	Utilities

All lots improved shall be served with:

(a)	Adequate public domestic water supplies including
fire hydrants for fire protection - Fire Chief

to approve location and kind.

(b)	Sanitary sewer - city system.

(c)	Electricity.

(d)	The subdivider or developer shall furnish
statements from the utilities with which
agreements have been made to service the
tract, certifying that said Utilities will
furnish the services necessary.

The installation of improvements is to comply with specifications
and standards of the City of Las Vegas.

Approval of the final subdivision map shall not be made until all
street profiles, cross sections, grading plans and architectural arrange-
ments of housing units are submitted to, and approved by the City
Departments concerned.

It is further recommended that the owner of this subdivision shall
concurrently with the approval of the final subdivision map by the Board
of City Commissioners, enter into an agreement with the City, agreeing to
complete improvements designated. If the designated improvements have
not been completed within an agreed period of time, an extension may be
authorized at the discretion of the Board, or the Board shall cause such 

improvements to be completed in accordance with the terms of the afore-
said agreement. Such agreement should be secured by a good and sufficient
performance bond or other negotiable guarantee, in an amount not in excess
of the cost of the improvement and approved by the Board of City Com-
missioners. Any application for the release of any such bond or guarantee
shall be accompanied by a certificate by the City Engineer, stating that
all required improvements have been satisfactorily completed in
accordance with the terms of said agreement and no such bond or guarantee 
should be released or returned until such certificate shall first have
been filed with the Board of City Commissioners.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.