453

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;,noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Moore moved that the application of the Eldorado Club, 128 Fremont Street for 14 slot

machines, 1 Race Horse Keno, and 56 additional Tango chairs, additional gaming license for the
	third quarter of 1949 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Moore moved that the application of the Nevada Biltmore, 600 North Main for 6 slot
machines for the third quarter of 1949 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

DELINQUENT SEWER RENTAL Commissioner Moore moved that the City Attorney be directed to proceed as authorized in Section 4,
FEES	of Ordinance No. 364 for the enforcement of the payment of sewer rental fees due the City.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrant No. 1837 in the total sum of $220.00
WARRANTS	be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 1826 and 1836 in nil amount be
approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore, and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye, noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time, Commissioner Moore moved
that this meeting recess until August 23, 1949 at 2:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED

Mayor

City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

	August 23, 1949

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 23rd day of August, 1949
was called to order at the hour of 5:15 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following
members present:	Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple; Acting City Manager George 0.

Treem, City Attorney Howard W. Cannon and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Also present:	City

Comptroller Harold A. laird and George H. Wood, CPA.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrant No. 1838 in the amount of $45,718.80

WARRANT 	to the First National Bank of Nevada, payment for the retirement of Emergency Loan and interest,

	be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

EMERGENCY LOAN	Commissioner Peccole moved that the City Clerk be instructed to publish the following notice:

	NOTICE OF INTENTION TO ACT ON

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING EMERGENCY LOAN

	NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN: That on the 12th day of September, 1949, at the hour of 3:00 P.M.

of said day, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will, in
the Council Chambers of the City Hall at Stewart Avenue and Fifth Street, in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, act upon a resolution reciting the character of the necessity for and authorizing
a temporary emergency loan in the sum of One Hundred Twenty Thousand Dollars ($120,000.00) for
the purpose of securing funds to meet certain accrued and bidding indebtednesses and obligations,
and necessary expenditures of the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

	Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner Whipple
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker
Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Mayor

City Clerk