506

WHEREAS is necessary to procure certain personal services of doctors and
nurses, etc, for the treatment and prevention of such disease, now

BE IT RESOLVED that the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation does hereby
agree to pay to the Clark County Hospital Board, as the City's share in the coat of treat-
ment and prevention of venereal disease, the sum of Two Hundred Dollars($200.00) per month
said payments to continue indefinitely or until such time as the City Commission and the
Board of County Commissioners of Clark County feel that the necessity for the educational
and preventative program is no longer necessary.	

(Adopted June 22, 1944)

—00O00—

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, The United States of America has on this date made a grant offer to the
City of Las Vegas of F. W. A. Project Nevada 26-120-N, wherein the United States of America
offers to the City of Las Vegas a grant of $32,440.00 to aid the City of Las Vegas to fin-
anceing, acquiring, and constructing public works consisting of fire station facilities, in-
cluding necessary land and equipment, and

WHEREAS, all contribution of said grant offered as fully set forth in F.W.A. Form
No. W-100, dated October 15, 1943, are acceptable,

NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved by the City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

that said offer be and the same is hereby accepted and the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

together with the City Clerk thereof are empowered to execute the acceptance of said offer

and any other document or documents necessary to be executed in order to complete the

acceptance of said grant offer.	

	(Adopted August 22, 1944)

--00O00--

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS there is a great necessity and emergency for the accruing of cash to con-
tinue the program for repair and maintenance of streets within the confines of the City of
Las Vegas for the remaining portion of 1944, and

WHEREAS, the 1944 Budget of the City of Las Vegas does not have adequate funds to
meet the necessary expenditures for the maintenance and repair of said streets, and

WHEREAS, the delay of repair and maintenance to such streets will be unwise and
uneconomical, and

WHEREAS, the only method of supplying funds for doing this work is through an em-
ergency loan,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners that the City of
Las Vegas do borrow the sum of Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000.00) or whatever part
thereof the Board of Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas finds necessary or expedient
to borrow, at an Interest rate of not to exceed eight percent (8%) per annum, and provide
in the subsequent annual budgets for the repayment thereof, of both principal and interest,
within the period of two (2) years from the date of borrowing said sum, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor and City Clerk, be and they are hereby au-
thorized and empowered to make, execute, and deliver such promissory note or notes and
other evidence of indebtedness as may be necessary from time to time to carry into effect
this resolution, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas execute and
deliver a certified copy of this resolution to the State Board of Finance of the State of
Nevada.

The foregoing resolution was read aloud and adopted at the regular meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the seventh day of September, 1944.

Voting Aye:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting No :	None

Absent :	None

Signed:	E. W. Cragin

ATTEST:	Mayor

Signed; Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

—ooOoo—

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the proposals received for the construction of two fire stations
(Central Fire station and Sub Fire Station) at Las Vegas, Nevada, F.W.A. Project Nev. 26-
130-N, have been duly opened, read and compared, and

WHEREAS, it appears that Ira Coldring, doing business as Pioneer Construction
Company, lathe low bidder in the amount of $56,916.00 based upon his low base bid of