491

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 21, 1949

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 21st day of October
	1949 was called to order at the hour of 3:25 P.M. by His Honor Mayor &. W. Cragin

with the following members present: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple;

Acting City Manager George 0. Treem and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon.

MINUTES	Commissioner Bunker moved that the Minutes of October, 3, 7, 10 and 13, 1949 be

	approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1082 to 1084 inclusive in

the net sum of $25,509.18 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore, and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 1866 and 1867 in

WARRANTS 	the total amount of $l4,399.77 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized

to sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BIDS - Purchase of City This being the time set for receiving bids to purchase land owned by the City on
Land on LA Highway	the Los Angeles Highway, there were no bids presented to the Board for their con-

sideration.

SALES AGREEMENT - Tractor	Commissioner Moore moved that the Sales Agreement to purchase a tractor and bull

& Bull Clam Shovel	clam shovel from the Clark County Wholesale Mercantile Company in the total amount

of $l4,277.75 at fifteen monthly installments of $951.85 commencing on January 10,

1950 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion: seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE -	Commissioners Bunker, and Peccole, committee for report on the proposed ordinance

Special Assess. District	creating	a special assessment district #200-3 concerning the installation	of

#200-3 - Meadows Addn.	sanitary	sewers in the Meadows Addition, asked for additional time before	reporting.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Moore moved that	the application of Catherine Horden, Lloyd M. Speer

The Westerner	and Lloyd D. Speer for 1 Race	Book, 1 Roulette, 1 Craps, and 1 "21" Game at the

	Westerner, 23 Fremont for the	fourth quarter of 1949 be denied due to the resolution

on file limiting game licenses.

This notion lost for lack of a second. Commissioner Moore withdrew his motion.

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that the foregoing gaming application be denied. 

This motion lost for lack of a second. Commissioner Moore withdrew his motion.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Whipple moved that the following applications for renewal of	gaming

Renewals	licenses	for the fourth quarter of 1949 be granted:

	DESERT SNACK BAR	Jack 0. Sloan	200 North Main	4 slots

JOES LUNCH	Joe Levine	119 North 1st	1 slot

THE MARKET SPOT	H. C. Levy	117 Carson	7 slots



Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioner
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.	

Additional	Commissioner Moore moved that the application of Clayton Bunnell, Canary Cottage,

121 South 5th Street for 1 additional slot machine for the fourth quarter of 1949
	be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor Voting aye; noes, none.

Change of Operator	Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Robert Cardinal and J. Emmett

Sullivan for 3 slot machines at Hafe's Cafe. 1519 South Main for the fourth quarter
	of 1949 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Commissioner Moore left the meeting.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Whipple moved that the following applications for liquor licenses for

the fourth quarter of 1949 be approved:

	HAFE'S CAFE	Hafen Leavitt	1519 So. Main	Ret. Rest. Pev.

BONANZA MARKET	Vesta Hamby	508 W. Bonanza	Retail BeVerage

FRONTIER DELICATESSEN Lester Goldring	117 Fremont	Ret. Rest. Bev.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker,	Peccole. Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

Commissioner Moore returned to the meeting at this time.

TAXI APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of	A. Christmas and J. C. Brewer,

	Union Cab Company, for one additional taxicab license for the fourth quarter of 1949

be granted.