216

SUBDIVISIONS	The following recommendation of the Planning Commission relative

CHANNEL TRACT	to the Channel Tract was received:

SEC 33, T. 20S

R.	61 E.	Transmitted herewith is a tentative map for a proposed Subdivision

	of a portion of the SW 1/4 of Section 33, T. 20 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B.

	& M., which is approximately ten (10) acres of unsubdivided land

located on Tonopah Drive approximately three-eights of a mile
north of the Clark County General Hospital. A City map is enclosed
to show the general location.

On February 26, 1948, the Joint Planning Commission conditionally
approved this tentative map and transmits same, designating improve-
ments which are recommended be made by the sub-divider. Other
requirements are also indicated which are recommended in connection
with approval of the final sub-divisions map.

CONDITIONS

1.	Streets

a.	Graded and surfaced, thirty (30) ft. minimum paving width.

Such roadway width may include twenty-four (24) ft. of
pavement surface with three (3) ft. oil penetrated shoulders.

b.	Driveways and private entrances - where ear storage
space on any lot or parcel of ground is accessible
from the street, provision should be made for drive-
ways extending from the street pavement to garage,
including the surfacing thereof between the roadway
and property line or street line. Where there is no
garage, such driveways should be provided at least
to the building line or any car port or automobile
storage space behind said building line.

The City Engineer to approve all profiles, cross sections,
and construction specifications.

2.	Utilities

All lots shall be served with:

a.	Adequate water supply including fire hydrants for
fire protection - Fire Chief to approve location
and kind.

b.	Sewage facilities - either by City sewer or septic
tank as approved by the City Health Officer.

c.	Electricity

d.	The subdivider or developer shall furnish statements
from the utilities with which agreements have been
made to service the tract, certifying that said
utilities will furnish the services necessary.

The installation of improvements is to comply with specifications
and standards of the City of Las Vegas.

Approval of the final subdivision map shall not be made until all
street profiles, cross sections, grading plans and architectural
arrangements of housing units are submitted to and approved by the
City Departments concerned.

It is further recommended that the owner of this subdivision shall
concurrently, with the approval of the final subdivision map by
the Board of City Commissioners, enter into an agreement with the
City, agreeing to complete improvements designated. If the designated
improvements have not been completed within an agreed period of
time, an extension may be authorized at the discretion of the Board
or the Board shall cause such improvements to be completed in
accordance with the terms of the aforesaid agreement. Such agree-
ment should be secured by a good and sufficient performance bond
or other negotiable guarantee in an amount not to exceed the cost
of the improvement and approved by the Board of City Commissioners.

Any application for the release of any such bond or guarantee shall
be accompanied by a certificate by the City Engineer, stating that
all required improvements have been satisfactorily completed in
accordance with the terms of said agreement, and no such bond or
guarantee should be released or returned until such certificate
shall first have been filed with the Board of City Commissioners.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the
Planning Commission relative to Channel Tract be approved together
with the tentative map thereof. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

SUB-DIVISION	The following recommendation from the Planning Commission relative

RUSSELL TRACT	to the Russell Tract Was received:

SEC. 32 T 20,

S.	R. 61 E.	CONDITIONS



1. Streets 

a.	Graded and surfaced, thirty (30) ft. minimum paving
width. Such roadway width may include twenty-four
(24) ft. of pavement surface with three (3) ft. oil
penetrated shoulders.