350

1. Hearing on the Vacation of portions of 13th Street,

Bonneville Street and an alley in Black 26 of Pioneer
Heights.

Shirley Ballinger /s
SHIRLEY Ballinger, City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners and City Manager of the City of Las Vegas,
do hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special Meeting:

E. W. Cragin /s	Reed Whipple /s

Robert T. Moore /s	Bob Baskin /s

Pat Clark /s_________________________ _____________________

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 24th day of January, 1949,
was called to order at the hour of 3:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with
the following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple; City

Manager J. M. Murphy, City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	City Attorney C.

Norman Cornwall.

VACATION OF 13th This being the time set for the hearing on the petition for the vacation of certain
BONNEVILLE & ALLEY portions of 13th Street, Bonneville Street and the alley in Block 26 of pioneer
IN PIONEER HEIGHTS Heights Addition, there being no one present to protest against said vacation,

Commissioner Baskin moved that the following order be made:

O R D E R

A Petition, dated the 3rd day of December, 1948, signed by three (3) freeholders residing
in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation
of those portions of 13th Street, Bonneville Street and the Alley in Block 26 of Pioneer Heights
Addition hereinafter described and said Petition having been by Order of this Board referred to
the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas for its recommendation in the premises, and
said Planning Commission having filed its report dated December 21, 1948, with the Board approving
and recommending said vacation;

And this Board, by an Order made at its regular meeting on the 22nd day of December, 1948,
set the 24th day of January, 1949, at the hour of 3:00 P.M., at the Commissioners' Room of the
Board of Commissioners, in the War Memorial Building located at the Northwest comer of Fifth and
Stewart Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and place for a
public hearing on said Petition and recommendation, and Ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid
streets proposed to be vacated to be posted with a Notice setting forth the time and place of the
public hearing and the extent of the proposed vacation.

And it appearing from the affidavit of L. R. Bechtel, filed with the Clerk of this Board,
that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which Notice is attached to said affidavit, was
posted on the 23rd day of December, 1948, in the manner prescribed by said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for vacation and the
recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having heard evidence in support
of said Petition and recommendation and no evidence in opposition thereto having been offered;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the portions of the streets proposed
to be vacated are no longer required for the public use and convenience, that said vacation will
inure to the benefit of the City of Las Vegas, and the public will not be materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following portions of 13th Street, Bonneville Street and the Alley
in Block 26 of Pioneer Heights Addition to-wit:

PARCEL NO. 1

Beginning at a point in the North line of said Block 26 distant thereon South 62° 15' East 10 feet
from the Northwest comer thereof; thence North 27° 45' East and parallel with the West line
of said Block 26 a distance of 20 feet to a point; thence South62° 15' East and parallel with
the North line of the said Block 26 a distance of 290 feet to its intersection with the Northerly
prolongation of the East line of said Block 26; thence South a distance of 133.03 feet to a point
distant 90 feet Northerly from the South line of said Pioneer Height Addition measured at right angles
thereto; thence Westerly and parallel with the last mentioned South line to its intersection
with the aforementioned East line of Block 26; thence North 27° 45' East along the last mentioned
East line to the Northeast corner of said Block 26; thence North 62° 15' West along the North line
of said Block 26 a distance of 140 feet to a point in the East line of the Alley thereof; thence
South 27° 45' West along the East line of the said Alley to a point distant 90 feet Northerly and
measured at right angles from the South line of the said Pioneer Heights Addition; thence Westerly
and parallel with the last mentioned South line to a point in the West line of the said Alley;

	thence North 27° 45' East along the last mentioned West line to a point in the North line of

	said Block 26; thence North 62° 15' West along the last mentioned North line a distance of 130 feet
to the point of beginning.

PARCEL NO. 2

Beginning at a point on the center line of Bonneville Street distant 90 feet Northerly measured at
right angles from the South line of said Pioneer Heights Addition; thence North 62° 15' West along
the said center line of Bonneville Street a distance of 237.85 feet to a point in a curve having
a radius of 160 feet, the curve at said point being tangent to a line bearing North 13° 06' 15"

East; thence in a Southerly direction along the said curve an arc length of 36.64 feet to a point;
thence, tangent to said curve, due South a distance of 6.06 feet to an intersection with the
North line of Block 27 in said Pioneer Heights Addition; thence South 62° 15' East along the last

Minutes of January 24, 1949 continued on Page 351