554

(a)	The customary method of paving streets and providing sidewalks 

and other improvements in the City is to create an
assessment district with the property on each side of the
street bearing one-half of the cost of improvements. In
the case of streets bounding the proposed project the
private property abutting the said streets on the opposite
sides is not high enough in value to support an assessment
district and pay its one-half share of improvements.

(b)	The City does not have general funds presently budgeted and
available for such street improvements.

WHEREAS, in view of the inability of the City to presently fulfill its obligations
under the Cooperation Agreement with respect to the said bounding streets, the Authority
is willing, in connection with its overall construction program, to provide sidewalks for
and pave one-half of the above-mentioned three bounding streets, provided the City will:

(a)	On or before the completion of the proposed project gravel
and oil coat the other one-half of the said streets.

(b)	On or before July 1, 1953, either by assessment or through

funds provided in the regular budget, complete the paving	'

of the remaining one-half of the said three bounding streets.	

WHEREAS, since the cost to the Authority for paving one-half of the three bounding streets
in connection with its overall construction program will be approximately the sane amount
as if the City paved all of said streets and assessed the Authority for its share, the
Authority should not be assessed any further amounts by the City when the said City
completes the other one-half of the paving;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED:	That if the Authority acquires the approximate twenty

(20) acres on the Westside, and commonly known as the Harper Property, and constructs thereon
a low-rent housing project and in connection therewith provides sidewalks and paves one-
half of the three bounding streets known as H Street, Washington Avenue and McWilliams
Street, that the City will:

1.	On or before the completion of said project gravel and oil coat
the other half of said streets.

2.	On or before July 1, 1953, either by assessment or through funds provided

in the regular budget, pave the remaining one-half of the said throe streets
bounding the project.

3.	Will consider the funds spent by the Authority for paving the one-half of said
streets as being in lieu of what the Authority would have been required to pay
if the City had paved all of said streets and assessed the Authority for its
share, as if privately owned and will, therefore, not make any assessment
against the said Authority when the other one-half of said three streets are
paved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor
Cragin and Commissioner Peccole.

RESOLUTION 186

Commissioner Peccole introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

WHEREAS, the Board of commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have received numerous
complaints of sub-standard buildings being moved into the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, past experience has proved that it is often impossible to make these buildings
comply with the Building Code of the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, such non-conforming buildings tend to increase the fire insurance rates in the
City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, it has been determined that it is for the best interest of the citizens of the City
of Las Vegas that all buildings and structures entering the said City to be so constructed as
to comply with the Building Code of the City of Las Vegas,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at a
meeting thereof held on the 4th day of October, 1950 that the City Building Inspector be and
he is hereby directed not to issue any moving permit for any building or structure being
brought into the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, unless and until it complies with all provisions
of the Building Code of the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.