459

PROPOSED ORDINANCE - Commissioners Bunker end Peccole, committee for report on the proposed ordinance on Special
Assessment District Assessment District #200-0, 14th Street Addition Sewer, asked that additional time be

#200—0 	granted until the State Board of Equalization meeting now in session has adjourned, before

making their report.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE — Commissioners Bunker and Peccole, committee for report on the proposed ordinance on Special
Assessment District Assessment District #100-1, Street Paving, asked for additional time before reporting.

#100-1



PROPOSED ORDINANCE Commissioners Whipple and Moore, committee for report on the proposed ordinance adopting
Civil Service	rules and	regulations for the Civil Service Board asked for additional	time before report-

	ing until	they have had an opportunity to meet with the Board of Civil	Service Trustees,

	the Police Department and the City Attorney.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE Commissioner Bunker and Peccole, committee for report on the proposed ordinance for licensing
Cigarette Sale	the sale of cigarettes asked for additional time before making their report.

Licensing

TAXICAB OWNERS -	The Clerk was instructed to notify owners of taxicab companies that there will be a meeting on

Meeting re: Stands	September	12, 1949 at 3:30 P.M. to discuss taxicab stand locations.

DRIVEWAY PERMIT - Commissioner Moore moved that the application of L. B. Scherer & Associates, by L. 0. Waddell
L. B. Scherer	for a driveway permit on Ogden Avenue just off of First Street, said application	dated August

	22, 1949 not be allowed due to the fact that it is in conflict with existing ordinances.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

DESERT PLAZA - Streets The request of the Engineering Department, dated August 9, 1949 relative to the acceptance of Street
	surrounding Desert Plaza was ordered filed.

REGIONAL PLANNING	At this time letters of recommendation from the Regional Planning Commission all	dated September

COMMISSION 	2, 1949 relative to the following subjects were presented to the Board for their	consideration.

High School Parking	(l) Request of the High School for off-street parking on the school

	property on the west side of South 9th Street between Clark and

Lewis Streets.

bakery - 400 Blk	(2) Request of Mr. Vernon Sties, owner of property in the 400 Block

North 5th	of North 5th Street, east side, to construct a bakery.

Zone Variance Case #74	(3) Request of Mr. Al Carlone, Lot 24, Block 11, Clark's Las Vegas

	Townsite for Zone Variance Case No. 74.

Thereafter Commissioners Moore moved that upon the favorable recommendation of the Regional
Planning Commission that the above three requests be approved, subject to conditions set forth
by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING * Bonanza	Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission

Road, North Side	as contained in their letter of September 1, 1949 the request for rezoning of certain properties

fronting on the north side of Bonanza Road from "H" Street to the center section line of Section
28, T. 20 S., R. 61 E. be considered at a public hearing on September 28, 1949 at 3:00 PM.

	Further that the City Clerk be instructed to publish the proper notice of this public hearing.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS Commissioner Moore moved that the application of the las Vegas Club, 18 Fremont for 14 additional

slot machines for the third quarter of 1949, and the application of Sam Taylor, Swinging Door
Saloon, 111 North 1st Street for 4 slot machines for the third quarter of 1949 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPERTY BY CITY Commissioner Moore moved that the letter received from Messrs. Wollman and Mack dated August

DUMP	30, 1949, concerning their property adjoining the City Dump be referred to the City Manager.

Wollman & Mack

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SLOT MACHINE	Commissioner Moore moved that the resolution limiting slot machines in certain areas of the

RESOLUTION	City, heretofore adopted by the Board on June 22, 1949 remain in effect.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

DEPOSIT ON PLANS Commissioner Bunker moved that the letter received from the Las Vegas Builder's Exchange con-
& SPECS	cerning the deposit required by the City on the Plans and Specifications for the Sewage Plant

Sewer Plant	Construction be referred to the City Manager.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 49.9 	Commissioner Moore moved that the bid of Hoagland-Findlay Engineering Company in the amount of

Sewer Plant Constr. $494,180.00 for the First Unit of the Sewage Disposal Plant be accepted and the Consulting
Awarded	Engineer, Mr. Ralph W. O'Neill and the City Manager be instructed to prepare plans and

	specifications as soon as possible for the Second Unit so the same may be let for bid as soon

Unit #2 Plans & Specs as possible.

To be prepared