482

RESOLVED, By the State Board of Finance, that said act and resolution of said BOARD
OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, State of Nevada, authorizing a temporary
loan of ONE HUNDRED TWENTY ($120,000.00) DOLLARS as in said resolution set forth and
authorized, be and the same is hereby approved; and be it further

RESOLVED, That a duly certified copy of this resolution be transmitted by the Secretary
of the State Board of Finance to said BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
in order that the same may be recorded in the minutes of the meeting of said BOARD OF CITY
COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, as provided by law,"

which certified copy was upon motion duly made, seconded and unanimously carried by the said Board of
City Commissioners, ordered to be recorded in the minutes of this Board of City Commissioners, and;

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners being authorized to make an emergency loan in the sum
of One Hundred Twenty Thousand Dollars ($120,000.00) to meet the emergency set forth in the resolu-
tion by this Board adopted at its meeting held on the 22nd day of September, 1949, as aforesaid, and
did on the 25th day of September, 1949, pursuant to such resolution, cause to be published a notice
in the Las Vegas Review Journal calling for invitations for bids on said emergency loan, and;

WHEREAS, the time and date for the opening of bids for said emergency loan was set at
3:00 o'clock P.M. on the 28th day of September, 1949, and;

WHEREAS, on the 3rd day of October, 1949, the Board of Commissioners accepted the bid on
the said emergency loan by the State of Nevada Public Employees Retirement Commission in the amount
of One Hundred Twenty Thousand Dollars ($120,000.00) to mature not later than two and one-half (2 1/2)
years from the date of issuance and to bear interest not to exceed three percent (3%) per annum and
be redeemable at option of the City of Las Vegas at any time when money is available.

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Commissioners accept the bid of the State
of Nevada Public Employees Retirement Commission to lend the amount of One Hundred Twenty Thousand
Dollars ($120,000.00) to mature not later than two and one-half (2 1/2) years from the date of issuance
and to bear interest not to exceed three percent (3%) per annum, and be redeemable at option of the
City of Las Vegas at any time when money is available.

NOW THEREFORE BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign
the promissory notes for and in behalf of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, evidencing the amount loaned.

NOW THEREFORE BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that at the first tax levy of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, following the creation of the emergency indebtedness aforesaid, the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas will levy a tax sufficient to pay the same.

E. W. Cragin_____________________

ATTEST:	Mayor

Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

Commissioner Peccole moved the foregoing resolution accepting said bid be adopted and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION - Pawnbrokers The following resolution was presented to the Board for their consideration:

NO. 157

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, thieves and the receivers of stolen property often dispose of the fruits of their
crimes by pledge or sale to pawnbroking businesses; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners feels that in order to properly police and control pawn-
 broking businesses the same should be limited to the number operating as such this date; and

WHEREAS, to further protect the health and welfare of the citizens of the City of Las Vegas,
the Board of Commissioners feels that the area in which this type of business is permitted to operate,
be restricted;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at a
regular meeting thereof held on the 3rd day of October, 1949, that the number of pawnbroking businesses
in the City of Las Vegas be limited to the number operating as such this date, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the area for which a license may be issued for a pawnbroking
business is confined to the district bounded by the east side of Main Street, the south side of
Stewart Avenue, the west side of Second Street, and the north side of Carson Avenue, and also on both
sides of West Jackson Avenue between North D Street and North F Street.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the foregoing resolution be adopted and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPLICATION FOR PAWNSHOP Commissioner Moore moved that the application of J. D. Bentley, 205 Fremont for a pawn-

LICENSE - J.D. Bentley	shop license be denied.

	Motion seconded by Commissioners Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.