551

RESOLUTION 178

On motion of Commissioner Moore, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple, and carried
unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of September, 1950, by the board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 5th day
of September, 1950, executed by Ray H. & Myrtle 0. Smith, John W. & Dorothy M. Simpson,

Wayne E. & Frieda Strom, and Harry W. & Nola H. Hanson to the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

——oOo---—

RESOLUTION 179

Commissioner Peccole moved the following resolution be accepted amending the description
of the Air Base land, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same:

WHEREAS, THE City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 7th day of July, 1950, was the owner of
certain property under lease to the United States Government for military aviation purposes,
and

WHEREAS, under provisions of Chapter 11 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
the said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, did, by a resolution passed and adopted by the Mayor
and Board of Commissioners on the 7th day of July, 1950, at a regular meeting thereof,
convey to the United States Government the above mentioned property, copy of which is
attached hereto and by reference made a part hereof to the same extent as if it were set
forth herein in full, and

WHEREAS, subsequent to the passage and adoption of the above mentioned Resolution an
actual field survey was had and it was determined that Exhibit "A" attached to the said
Resolution should be amended, and

WHEREAS, it has been determined by the Board of Commissioners that Exhibit "A" as attached
and made a part of the Resolution of July 7, 1950, should be amended to read as shown by
Exhibit "A" as attached and made a part of this Resolution.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Mayor and Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, that the Exhibit described and known as Exhibit "A" attached to the
Resolution passed and adopted by the Mayor and Board of Commissioners and by reference made a
part thereof, is hereby amended as indicated by Exhibit "A" attached hereto, which Exhibit
is hereby made a part of this Resolution to the same extent as if it were set forth herein in
full, the same to be substituted for and take the place of Exhibit "A" as attached to the
Resolution dated July 7, 1950.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION 180

Commissioner Bunker moved a resolution be adopted commending City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
and expressing the appreciation of the Board of Commissioners for his efforts at the Public
Service Comission hearing on water service in the City held September 21, 1950; further
that said resolution be made a part of the record.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, for several years last past, and acute shortage of water has existed in the City of
Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, to alleviate this shortage, a hearing was had before the Public Service Commission on
the 21st day of September, 1950, attempting to secure an order to compel the Las Vegas Land
and Water Company to augment the present supply of water, and

WHERE, Howard W. Cannon, City Attorney, ever mindful of this great need and necessity of the
City of Las Vegas, through his efforts and abilities, was instrumental in obtaining for the
City an order which will augment the City's water supply,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
at a meeting thereof held on the 22nd day of September, 1950, that said City, by this Resol-
ution, expresses its gratitude and appreciation to Howard W. Cannon for his efforts in obtaining
this result, and thereby insuring to the citizens of Las Vegas, Nevada, the future growth and
development of the said City, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to spread a copy of
this Resolution on the Minute Books of the said City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.