414

The cost and expense of making the improvements of said district described in
the foregoing paragraph shall be paid by special assessment to be made, according to
the benefits, against the owners and upon the taxable lots and premises embraced within
the special assessment district as created by Ordinance No. 383. Diagrams and estimates
of cost are	on	file in the Office of the City Clerk.

The Board	has set Thursday, the 16th day of June,	1949,	at the hour	of 3:00	P.M.,

as the time	for the hearing of suggestions and/or objections	that	may be	made by	parties

in interest	to	the proposed improvements, said hearing	to be	held	in the	Council	Chambers

in the City Hall at the corner of Stewart and Fifth Streets in the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada.

Thereafter His Honor asked if there were any present who wished to suggest or object to
the aforementioned proposed improvements.

Mr. Ambrose Murphy stated that he was present, not to protest these proposed improve-
ments to this district, but to ask a question relative to the leader line to the
property owners on l5th, 16th, and 17th Streets. At this time Howard Geer, City
Engineer discussed this matter with Mr. Murphy.

At this time Commissioner Moore arrived.

After all discussion had been held, and there being no one present who objected to this
proposed improvement, Commissioner Peccole moved that the City Attorney be instructed
to commence the necessary proceedings for this improvement..

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting the meeting adjourned.
ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 22, 1949

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 22nd day of June, 1949 was
called to order at the hour of 3:10 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the
 following members present:	Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple; City Manager

J. M. Murphy, City Attorney Howard W. Cannon and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

At this time His Honor welcomed those present at this meeting and stated that due to
the fact that there were so many present, a portion of this regular meeting will be
held in the Auditorium, after which the Council will reconvene in the Council Chambers
for the remainder of the meeting.

City Hall Auditorium

His Honor Mayor Cragin called the meeting to order with all members present as of the
opening session, and asked those present who desired to address the council to do so.

At this time V. Gray Gubler, Esquire, representing Catherine and John P. Horden,

APPLICATIONS	applicants for gaming and liquor licenses at 23 Fremont, appeared before the Board requesting

LIQUOR 	favorable action on these applications. Mr. Ryland Taylor, Esquire, also representing

the aforementioned applicants for licenses addressed the Board and verified Mr. Gubler's
appeal.

	The next speaker was Harry Claibourne, Esquire, representing J. S. Pappas, applicant

for liquor and gaming licenses at 109 Fremont, the present location of the White Spot
Cafe.

His Honor at this time read the list of applicants for liquor licenses for the 2nd
Quarter 1949 which are as follows:

Abe & Robert Kroloff	Lucky Strike Bar

Catherine & John P. Horden The Westerner

Raymond Salmon	Boulder Liquor Tavern

J. S. Pappas	The Western Club

Golden Nugget Partnership	Golden Nugget

Eldon Jones & R.D. Bingham Modern Market

Syl Gregory	First Street Liquor Store

Ruth Lafer	B. & H. Market

Thomas A. Oakey	Huntridge Theatre Building

Geo. G. Fortson	Westside Liquor Store

Harvey Jones	Westside Shopping Center

Walter G. Abies	Nevada Biltmore

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that because of the many applications before the
Board to be considered, no additional applications for liquor be granted until in the
opinion of the Board it is felt that the population warrants it.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.