

Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Baskin.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
February 6, 1948

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 6th
day of February, 1948. Meeting hailed to order by His Honor Mayor
E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2:00 P.M. with the following members
present:	Commissioners Baskin, Whipple, C. Norman Cornwall, City

Attorney, C. G. Petrie, City Engineer, and City Clerk Helen Scott
Reed. Absent:	Commissioner Moore and J. M. Murphy, City Manager.

Also present:	Commissioner Clark.

BOY SCOUTS	At this time Dan Lee Davis and Craig Solomon representing the Boy

Scouts of the City of Las Vegas appeared before the Board and as
	a part of the 38th Anniversary Week Celebration of the Boy Scouts of

America, the theme of which is, "The Scout Citizens at Work", they
presented a report to the members of the Board outlining services
the Scouts had done in and for the City of Las Vegas in the year
1947. The report was well received and the boys were congratulated
by Mayor E. W. Cragin and requested to convey the appreciation of
the Board of City Commissioners to the Boy Scouts in the City of
Las Vegas for the splendid work they had accomplished in 1947.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims #1372 and 1374-1379,

both inclusive, in the net sum of $24,285.36, be approved and the
	Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His honor voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved that service and material warrants #1373,

WARRANTS	1380-1382, both inclusive, and 1348 in the sum of $42,839.37 be

	approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner	Moore.

HYNDS PLUMBING AND	Commissioner Clark moved that the Hynds Plumbing & Heating Company

HEATING COMPANY	be notified that the City is not interested in leasing the seventy-

Request for lease	five foot square of land located at the northwest corner of Park and

Twenty-Sixth Streets just south of the old C.C.C. Camp in Sunrise
	Acres as requested in their letter of January 22nd, 1948.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner	Moore.

E. W. ALLEN offer to	Commissioner Clark moved that Mr. E. W. Allen be notified that the

purchase city owned land City does not wish to sell Lots No. 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 in Blk. No. 2,
	Lots No. 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 in Blk, No. 33, all in the original Las

	Vegas Townsite.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner	Moore.

MOTOR GRADER	Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Comptroller be directed to

	let invitations to bid for the purchase of a motor grader for the

	street department. Specifications to be obtained from Mr. Murphy.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner	Moore.

U. S. GRAZING SERVICE	Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Manager be directed to

Termination of Lease	contact the U. S. Grazing Service relative to termination of their

	lease at the CCC Camp.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

WILDCAT LAIR	At this time a letter dated January the 20th, 1948 addressed to the

CONCESSIONAIRE	Board of Commissioners relative to the sale of Coco-Cola by the

	Concessionaire at Wildcat Lair from the Recreation Department was

read to the Board after which a letter dated January 29th, 1948, also
addressed to City Manager, J. M. Murphy and signed by the Concessionaire,
Mr. Herbert F. Pracejus answering the statements made by the Recreation
Department was read to the Board. Thereafter Commissioner Whipple
moved that the letter of the Concessionarie be referred to the
Recreation Committee for their information.