441

Section 1. That the sewage disposal bonds of the City of Las Vegas, Series
July 1, 1949, be sold at public sale to the person or persons offering the best and
most advantageous terms to said City. The Mayor and the City Clerk be and they are
hereby authorized and directed to give notice offering said sewage disposal bonds for
sale, and calling for bids for the purchase of said bonds, by publishing a notice once
a week for four consecutive weeks ty five insertions at weekly intervals in the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, the official newspaper of the City of Las Vegas, which
notice shall be in substantially the following form:

notice OF SALE
CITY of LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
Sewage Disposal Bonds
Series July 1, 1949
$350,000.00

NOTICE iS HEREBY GIVEN that
the City of Las Vegas. Clark County.
Nevada. will on the 7 day of Sep-
tember, 1949. at the hour of 3 o'clock,
P. M., at the City Office In Las Ve-
gas, Nevada, offer for sale the follow-
ing described general obligation bonds
of said City:

City of Las Vegas Sewage Dis-
posal Bonds. Series of July !. 1949.
dated July 1. 1949, In the aggre-
gate principal amount of $350,-
000.00, In denominations of $1,000.00
each maturing serially $8,000.00
July 1. 1950 and $18,000.00 In each
of the years July 1. 1951 to 1969,
both Inclusive. all bonds maturing
on and after the first day of July,
1955, being subject to redemption
In Inverse numerical order at the
option of the City on the first day
of July. 1954, or on any Interest
payment date thereafter, and all 

of said bonds to bear Interest at a
rate of not more than three per
centum per anum. payable semi- 

annually on the first days of Jan-
uary and July In each year, both
principal and Interest being pay-
able at the office of the City
Treasurer Las Vegas, Nevada.
Said bonds will constitute the gen-
eral obligation bonds of the City
of Las Vegas, payable from ad
valorem taxes which may be lev-
led subject to the limitations Im-
posed by the laws of the State of
Nevada.

Bidders are required to submit a bid
or bids specifying (a) the lowest rate
of Interest and premium. If any, above
par at which the bidders will purchase
said bonds, or (b) the lowest rate of
Interest at which the bidders will pur-
chase said bonds at par. Bidders may
submit a bid or bids for all or a part
of the Issue. If the City makes an
award to more than one bidder. It will
average the maturities as between
bidders. The bonds will be sold to the
bidder or bidders making the best bid.
subject to the right of the City Of-
ficials to reject any and all bids and
readvertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at
less than par and accrued Interest, nor
will any discount or commission be al-
lowed or paid on the sale of such
bonds. All bids shall be sealed and.
except the bid of the State of Nevada,
shall be accompanied by a deposit of
five per cent, either cash or certified
check, of the amount of the bid.
which will be returned If the bid is
not accepted; and If the successful
bidder shall fail or neg!ect to com-
plete the purchase of said bonds
within thirty days following the ac-
ceptance of his bid. the amount of his
deposit shall be forfeited to the City
of Las Vegas and. In that event, the
corporate authorities of said City may
accept the bid of the one making the
next best bid: or if all bids are re-
jected. such authorities may readver-
tize said bonds for sale. If there be
two or more equal bids, and such bids
are the best bids received and are not
less than par and accrued Interest, the
corporate authorities will determine
which bid shall he accepted. The legal- 

ity of the bonds will be approved by
Messrs. Pershing, Bosworth. Dick &
Dawson. Attorneys at Law. Denver.
Colorado, whose opinion, together with
the printed bonds, will be furnished the
purchaser without charge.

Dated at Las Vegas. Nevada, this
5th day of August. 1949.

(SEAL)	/s/ E. W. CRAGIN,

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER.

City Clerk.

Section 2. That a copy of said notice of sale shall be mailed at least
three weeks prior to the date fixed for the sale of said bonds to the State Board
of Finance, Carson City, Nevada.

It was then moved by Commissioner Moore and seconded ty Commissioner Peccole that
all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless, suspended, the final passage
and adoption of the foregoing resolution at this meeting be, and the same are hereby
suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said re-
solution at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules,
the roll was called with the following result:

Those Voting Aye:	Mayor E. W. Cragin

Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner Robert T. Moore
Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner Reed Whipple

Those Voting Nay:	None

All members of the Board of Commissioners having voted in favor of said motion, the