206

/s/ C. G. Petrie
C. G. Petrie
City Engineer

CGP'dmn

Attachment

Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing recommendation of the
Planning Commission relative to the vacation of South Ninth Street
be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

At this time Commissioner Clark reappeared at the meeting.	

DAVE STEARNS	At this time Commissioner Moore stated that he wished to withdraw

GAMING APPLICATION	his motion relative to denial of Dave Stearns application for a

	Race Horse Book at the Santa Anita Turf Club and Bar located at

	113 Fremont Street and that this application be held up for further

study. Commissioner Clark consented to the withdrawal.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

LAND USE: ZONE EXCEPTION The following letter relative to zone exceptions and administrative
Administrative Procedure procedure was received from the Planning Commission:

	OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION

January 30
19	48

Honorable Mayor and
Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	LAND USE

Zone Exceptions
Administrative Procedure

Gentlemen:

This is to advise you concerning your recent request that the Plan-
ning Commission consider the possibility of stream-lining the pro-
cedure in connection with the processing of applications for zone
exceptions.

At a regular meeting of the Planning Commission held January 27,

1948, it was established by chair order that any application for zone
exception be approved with waiver of all signature requirements of
surrounding property owners (present policy and procedure), provided
said application involves a use as established in the recommended
land use plan now being considered for adoption, and all regulations
stipulated therein. If agreeable with your Board, such applications
would be approved in the Office of the Planning Commission, and any
subsequent permits of the Building Department issued under such
conditional approval without first having to be submitted to your
Board, unless your Honorable Board deems it necessary that all such
applications first be approved by your action.

If this procedure is approved, the same will be set in effect immed-
iately.

Respectfully yours,

s/ C. G. Petrie
C. G. Petrie
City Engineer

CGP'dmn

There after Commissioner Whipple moved that the request of the
Planning Commission as hereinabove outlined be approved and all
cases to be subject to the approval of the city Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

STREETS & HIGHWAYS	The following recommendation re: Streets and Highways, alleys -

Alleys - Aerial Use	the aerial use of - was presented to the Board for their consideration:

	OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION

January 5
19	48

Honorable Mayor and
Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	STREETS AND HIGHWAYS

Alleys - Aerial Use of

Gentlemen:

On December 16, 1947, Mr. P. 0. Silvagni, proprietor of the Apache
Hotel, appeared before this Commission concerning the possible use