32

consideration of all factual data before members of the Commission of
all factual data before members of the Commission, it was determined that
the exception here recommended under the conditions set forth was consis-
tent with the intent and purposes of the City Zoning Ordinance and amend-
ments thereto now being prepared.

Respectfully submitted,

LAS VEGAS -- CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

CGP:mm	C. G. Petrie

Planning Engineer

After consideration of all factual data before the Commis-
sion, it was determined that the exception here recommended under
the conditions set forth was consistent with the intent and purpose
of the City Zoning Ordinance.

Respectfully,

LAS VEGAS -- CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

C.GP:mm	C. G. PETRIE

Planning Engineer

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the recommenda-
tions of the Planning Commission regarding the afore-
mentioned Zone Exceptions be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent* Commis-
sioner Bates.

LEGISLATION 	Commissioner Baskin moved that that certain motion made by

	Commissioner Bates on March 7, 1947 duly seconded and

carried relative to the Board going to Carson City for legislative 

matters be amended to show that Only $175.00 of the
$500.00 granted for expenses for the trip was used and the
balance of $325.00 was refunded to the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote* Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bates.

ELECTRICAL DEPT.	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Electrician be auth-

	orized to make a trip to Los Angeles to purchase necessary

materials for his department. Expenses are not to exceed
$25.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bates.

OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION
MARCH 21, 1947

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re: Zone Exception Case #28
lots 1 to 9 and 31 to 36,
inclusive, Block 2,

Meadows Addition
George McElroy

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your Honorable
Board adopt an order approving the recommendation of the
Joint Planning Commission that the above petitioner be
granted permission to use the lots indicated as a commer-
cial lot. Such lots are located in Residential Zone #5, as
legally described in the Petition for Exception, a copy of
which is on file in the Office of the Planning Commission.
This exception varies the depth of the Commercial Zone on
the westerly side of South Fifth Street, between Cincinnati
and Cleveland Streets, permitting the construction of an auto
court hotel in accordance with sketches attached herewith.