190

carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims #1343 and 1349-1354,

	both inclusive, in the net sum of $21,336.56 be approved and the

	Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

PAWNSHOP APPLI-	The Chief of Police having reported favorably on the applications

CATIONS;	of Louis Mack; James S. Pappas and Alexander Coblentz, M. D.; and

	George Harris for permission to operate pawnshops in the City	

of Las Vegas in 1948, Commissioner Moore moved that the foregoing
applications be ap roved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Andrew Finlay for	

Andrew Finlay a tavern license at the Turf Saloon, 203 N. 1st Street be denied.

Truf Saloon	Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following

	vote. Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Cleveland Schultz
Cleveland Schultz for a tavern license at the Turf Saloon, 203 North 1st Street be
Turf Saloon	granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by

	the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GAMING RENEWALS	The following gaming applications were presented to the Board for

	their consideration:

Adams Grocery	111 N. 9th	Claude L. Adams	1	slot

Butterly's Cafe	1200 S. Main	Walter Butterly	2	slots

Chili King Cafe	127 S. 2nd	Tom Panos	2	slots

Fremont Drug Co.	610 Fremont	Raymond Salmon	5	slots

L. V. Barbeque	22 Fremont	George T. Tsouras	4	slots

L. V. Pharmacy	32 Fremont	W. E. Ferron	4	slots

White Bunny Ice Cream- 517 S. 5th R. J. Jolley	2 slots

T. G. Bromwell

White Cross Drug	201 Fremont	W. E. Ferron	4	slots

El Dorado Club	128 Fremont	Nate Mack	1	"21"

Thereafter, Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing gaming
applications be approved and the City Clerk authorized to issue
licenses for same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS Commissioner Whipple moved that the applications of the Sal Sagev
New Operators	Restaurant, 5 Fremont to Louis DuBois for 1 slot machine ; and the

application of George McElroy for 4 slots at the El Mirador
Hotel, 2200 S. 5th Street be granted. motion seconded by Com-
missioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Moore	moved that the application of F.	P. Rinaldi

F. P. Rinaldi	for 1 Rotolette at	the Monte Carlo Club, 15 Fremont	be denied.

	If Said machine is	desired in Locations up town the	owners of

the business establishments can apply to the Board for a license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of William H. Elwell

Elwell Hotel	for 1 race horse book at Hotel Elwell, 204 So. 1st Street be granted,

on the basis that it is in accordance with the police heretofore
	adopted by the Board allowing such licenses to large hotels. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

LIQUOR RENEWALS	The following applications for liquor licenses were presented to the

	Board for their consideration:

Roy J. Riller Belvedere Gardens	712 Harrison	Retail	Rest.

Walter Butterly's Cafe	1200 S. Main	Retail	Rest.

Mrs. James Kerr, Lee's Lunch	215 N. Main	Retail	Rest.	

Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved that the forego ng applications
be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and

His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION Commissioner Clark moved that the application of William H. Elwell
Hotel Elwell	for a retail tavern license at the Hotel Elwell 202 Bar, at 202

"202 Bar"	So. 1st Street be granted pursuant to the provisions of a Resolution

	heretofore adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple

	and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.