 172

7.	It is not intended by the granting of this Exception to interfere
with, abridge, abrogate, or annul any private covenants, deed
restrictions, or other agreements between private parties effecting
the lands, concerned."

After some discussion Commissioner Moore moved that the matter be tabled
for further investigation. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time Commissioner Moore asked to be excused.

LAND USE	The following recommendation from the Planning Commission was presented

ZONE EXCEPTION CASE to the Board for their consideration:

NO. 36

A. McDonald	"1. That the structure existing at the rear of said lots and most

	recently Erected as the second structure on said property, be

	permitted to be used as an accessory use to the main building or

single-family dwelling on the front portion of said property.

The completed work, including the joining of said accessory struct-
ure to the main dwelling by roof portions, shall be for the	

exclusive use as a residence to be occupied by not more than one
family on said premises.

2.	That said accessory structure or building be connected and joined

to the main structure by roof portions, as described in plans
filed by the applicant.

3.	That a certificate of occupancy for such accessory use be issued by
the Building Inspector when said structure and proposed physical
connections have been approved by the Building Department, prior

to actual occupancy.

4.	It is not intended by the granting of this exception to interfere
with, abridge, abrogate, or annul any private covenants, deed
restrictions, or other agreements between parties effecting the
lands concerned."

Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the
Planning Commission relative to Zone Exception Case #36 be held in
abeyance pending further investigation. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark

Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Moore.

LAND USE—Petition	Commissioner Baskin moved that the recommendation of the Planning	

for Re-zoning, Lots Commission denying the request of petitioners John S. and Lizzie Allen
4,5,6 - Block 16	to rezone Lots 4,5,6, - Block 16 H.F.M.&M Addition, the south 90'

H.F.M.&M - South	thereof, be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and

90 Feet 	carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Moore.

PUBLIC BUILDINGS &	The following recommendation from the Joint Planning Commission

GROUND - Westside	was presented to the Board for their consideration:

Recreation Center

"This commission is in receipt of a request from the Superintendent
	of the Las Vegas Union School District, Mr. Walter D. Johnson, with

regard to use of the open area lying between the West Side Swimming
Pool and the West Side Elementary School.

It is the desire of the School Board that some joint arrangement be
established between the City and the School District whereby the entire
open area could be developed for playground and recreational purposes.

While this has been the thought of the City for some time, there should
be certain commitments with regard to the development, including the
closing of Adams Street between C and D Streets, which would not only
eliminate the possibility of accidents to children but permit the use
of approximately an additional one-half acre of area.

This request and anticipated use was considered at a regular meeting	

of the Joint Planning Commission held November 25, 1947, with the
recommendation that such use be established, together with the closing
of Adams Street. The closing of Adams Street can be accomplished either
through vacation or merely barricades. In the event any structures
are to be erected now or in the future, vacation would then be desirable,
in which case the necessary legal procedure must be established. In
any event, if structures are not to be erected in the area which would
normally be used for street purposes, then game and play areas could
be established.	—

With concurrency by Your Board and sanction of the above, this area
may be put to beneficial use for students at the school and inhabitants
of the West Side in general."

Thereafter, Commissioner Baskin moved that the recommendation of the
Planning Board be approved relative to Westside Recreation Center
subject to the approval of the City Manager. Motion seconded by Com-
missioner Whipple and carried by the following vote* Commissioners Baskin
Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Moore.

STREETS & HIGHWAYS The following recommendation of the Planning Commission was presented
17th Street	to the Board for their consideration:

Petition for V cation

Portion	"Under date of August 6, 1947 this Commission made recommendation to

	your Honorable Board relative to the above-mentioned subject. In