117

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner Baskin
DEED	and carried by unanimous vote, the following Resolution was accepted

Right of Way	and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of August, 1947 by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed,
dated the 1st day of April, 1947, executed by Fred C. McFadden, Clarence

J.	McFadden, C. S. Wengert, S. J. Lawson, and C. L. Ronnow as executors
of the estate of Edward W. Clark, deceased, and A. E. Cahlan and A. C.
Grant, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records
of this Board.

SPECIAL ASSESSMENT	Commissioner Clark moved the Special Assessment #3-1947 in the amount

#3-1947	of $191.48 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign

same. Also the Mayor and city clerk are authorized to sign warrant for
payment of same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

ADJOURNMENT	There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner

Moore moved that this meeting recess until August 8, 1947, at the hour
	of 2:00 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.	

ATTEST:		APPROVED:	

City Clerk	Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 8, 1947

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 8th day of August, 1947. Meeting called to order by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2:00 P.M. with the following members
present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple; City Manager

T. E. Fennessy; City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall; and Deputy City Clerk
Shirley Ballinger; Absent: City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

At this time a delegation of oil and gas distributors were present
concerning Ordinance No. 303. Reports were given by Planning Engineer
C. G. Petrie, Fire Chief Case, and City Manager Fennessy as to the present
status of the bulk plants in accordance with the present existing Ordinance.
After considerable discussion it was decided that with the help of Mr.

R. E. Larson a new city fire zone ordinance would be drawn up to permit
bulk plants to improve their present set ups and to allow them to remain
at their present locations so long as they met with the Fire Underwriter's
specifications.

PETITION- Catholic	It was moved by Commissioner Moore that the petition of the Catholic

School - Closing of	School for the closing of that certain alley in Blk. 12, Ladd's Addition

Alley	specified in their petition be referred to the Joint Planning Commission

	for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.

T. W. A.—Landing	It was moved by Commissioner Baskin that the city attorney be instructed

Petition	to prepare a case and follow through at the proposed meeting of the C.A.A.

September 8, 1947 relative to the petition of the city of Las Vegas to
	allow TWA to land at the local airport. Expenses are to be met by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

AEROVILLE CASE	It was moved by Commissioner Whipple that the city of Las Vegas having

	heretofore been sued on July 16, 1947 by the Aeroville Company relative

to certain lands adjoining the City airport, the city Attorney is
authorized to negotiate with Mr. Austin, attorney for the plaintiff for
extension of time to see if this matter can be handled without litigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.