23

F. C. CARPENTER --	Commissioner Baskin moved that the Building Inspector be directed to

Mandatory Injunction  serve final notice on Mr. Carpenter directing the removal of the old

Baptist Church building at the corner of 7th & Ogden Streets and upon
his failure to do so that the legal department commence proceedings
for a mandatory injunction to remove said building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

CONTRACT — LARKIN	 Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized

plumbing Co.	to sign a contract with the Larkin Plumbing Co. for the installation

of pipe at the Swimming Pool.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

BIDS -- James Carson Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of James Carson for one eighths
Bid #47.3	inch (l/8") asphalt floor covering in the sum of $3,275.30 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until March
7, 1947 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



City Clerk	Mayor

March 7
1 9 47

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
7th day of March, 1947. Meeting called to order by His Honor Mayor

E.	W. Cragin with the following members present:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti; Acting City Manager George F. Rittenhouse;
City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

BIDS—Gasoline		At this time bids from the following firms were opened for 60,000

	gallons of gasoline for use in City Equipment:

1st Grade	2nd Grade

STANDARD OIL CO.
TEXAS COMPANY
UNION OIL CO.

JOE CARDINAL
OIL & GAS DISTR.
ASSOCIATED OIL
RICHFIELD OIL
SHELL OIL

The foregoing bids were referred to the Comptroller for recommendation.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims Nos. 1079 to 1090 in the

	net sum of $24,228.29 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized

to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 1092 to

WARRANTS		1095 inclusive in the sum of $24,860.75 be approved and the Mayor and

City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

AGREEMENT --	Commissioner Clark moved that the agreement between the Los Angeles and

Union Pacific	Salt Lake Railroad Co., Union Pacific Railroad Company, and the City of

oad	Las Vegas, No. NLD-1807, covering an easement along the westside of Main

N.L.D. No. 1807	Street as described therein, be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote: