I 214

8.	DEED RESTRICTIONS

It is not intended by the granting of this
exception to interfere with, abridge, abrogate,
or annul any private covenants, deed restrictions
or other agreements between parties affecting
the lands concerned.

Zone Exception Case No. 45 - Lots 19-20-21-22
Block 7, Pioneer Heights Addition

BID #48.6	It appearing to the Board that the bid of the Richfield Oil Company

GASOLINE AWARDED	on 60,000 gallons of gasoline for the ensuing year is the lowest

	and best bid, Commissioner Whipple moved that the s aid bid of

	the Richfield Oil Company ie: 20¢ for regular gas and 2l 1/2¢ for ethyl

or better be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

BID #48.7	Commissioner Clark moved that the bid heretofore opened #48.7 for

JEEP PICK-UP	a jeep pick-up be	rejected. Motion	seconded by Commissioner Whipple

	and carried by the	following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

BID #48.8	Commissioner Clark moved that bid #48.8 heretofore read for the purchase

JEEP STATION WAGON for a jeep station	wagon be Rejected. Motion seconded by Commissioner

	Baskin and carried	by the following	vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION At this time the application of George J. Adras at George s Cafe, 410
New - George J. Adras Bonanza Road for a retail restaurant beverage was presented to the
	Board for their consideration. The application was ordered held up

pending further investigation.

DAVID WINSTON	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of David Winston at

LIQUOR APPLICATION	"D" & Madison for a retail restaurant beverage license be approved.

2nd Quarter	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following

	vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming applications be
	granted .

Arthur Rozen, Eldorado Club, Inc., 128 Fremont	12 slots

Charles Addison, Pioneer Club, 25 Fremont	1 poker

Carl F. Amante, Nevada Biltmore Bar, 600 N. Main	1 roulette

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

RESOLUTION R/W	On motion of Commissioner Whipple duly seconded by Commissioner Clark

ACQUISITION NO.	and unanimously carried the following resolution was adopted:

CITY LIMITS

	RESOLUTION NO. 113

WHEREAS, there was presented to the Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas a form of agreement between the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, a Municipal
Corporation of the State of Nevada, and the Las Vegas Land and water
Company, a corporation of the State of Nevada, covering an easement
over a certain strip of land for roadway purposes,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED; That the form of agreement between
the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation of the State of Nevada,
and the Las Vegas Land and Water Company a Corporation of the State
of Nevada, covering easement on a certain 30' strip of land of the
Las Vegas Vegas Land and Water Company, in the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, be, and the same is hereby approved,
and the Mayor and Clerk of said City are authorized and directed to
execute said document for and on behalf of the City of Las Vegas.

LAND USE PERMIT	The following recommendation of the Planning Commission was received

L.D.S. CHURCH	relative to land use by the L.D.S. Church at 8th & Linden Streets:

	This Commission approves and recommends that building

permits be issued for said structure at the proposed
location, and that a setback of fifteen (15) feet for
the portion of said structure fronting on North 8th
Street be approved. This set-back is approved on the
basis that existing buildings on the same side of
North 8th Street, within the same block, have already
established said building line.

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that the foregoing recommendation
be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and

His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ZONE EXCEPTION CASE On motion of Commissioner Whipple duly seconded by Commissioner Clark
NO. 39. B. Splates and unanimously carried the following recommendation of the Planning
Lot 7, Block 13,	Commission relative to the Zone Exception Case #39, B. Splates -

Valley View Addn. Lot 7, Block 13, Valley View Addn. was adopted:

1.	That such commercial use be subject only to trade, service
or retail establishment, and that the manufacture, process-
ing, or handling of materials or articles usually conducted
within an industrial zone not be permitted.