FOR MUNICIPAL JUDGE

A. G. Blad

Total	3824

Thereupon it appearing to the Board that the plurality of all votes
cast for their respective offices, Commissioner Baskin moved that:

E. W. Cragin be and is hereby declared to be the duly elected Mayor of
the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it is further
resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a
certificate of election to said E. W. Cragin.

Reed Whipple be and is hereby declared to be the duly elected Commissioner
first Class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it is
further resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to
issue a certificate of election to said Reed Whipple.

Robert T. Moore be and is hereby declared to be the duly elected Commissioner
third class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it is
further resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue
a certificate of election to said Robert T. Moore.

C. Norman Cornwall be and is hereby declared to be the duly elected City
Attorney of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing two years, and it is
further resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue
a certificate of election to said C. Norman Cornwall.

A. G. Blad be and is hereby declared to be the duly elected Municipal
Judge of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing two years, and it is further
resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a
certificate of election to said A. G. Blad.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

As a canvass has only been made as to the individual votes the Comptroller 
was directed to take a grand total of all of the votes cast, and if any
discrepancy was found, to report to the Board and have the City Clerk call
said Board together.

As a tally had not been made on the Bond election the City Clerk was directed
to notify the Board before the 16th, when a canvass would be ready for the
bond election ballots.

Clark

Thereafter Commissioner/moved that this meeting adjourn until May 22, 1947 
at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk	Mayor