266

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

DRY CLEANERS PETITION Mayor Cragin read the following opinion of the City Attorney regarding
Re: Opinion of City the petition of the dry Cleaning establishments of the City, dated
Attorney	June 29, 1948 and on file in the office of the City clerk.

July 13, 1948

TO:	HONORABLE MAYOR E. W. CRAGIN and the

BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS

SUBJECT:	LAS VEGAS DRY CLEANERS ASSOCIATION LETTER OF

JUNE 28, 1948, ADDRESSED TO YOU AND REFERRED
TO THIS OFFICE.

In reply to the letter of the members of the Las Vegas Dry
Cleaners Association dated June 28, 1948, addressed to you,
and referred to this office, relative to passing legislation
giving them equal protection with concerns of a like nature
operating from foreign communities, please be advised that
I have checked the constitutionality of a city requiring
a larger license fee from a concern operating from a foreign
community than is charged to a local concern.

A check of the City Clerk's office indicates that in many in-
stances local cleaning establishments are actually paying a
higher fee than is required of a similar business concern
whose principle place of business is located outside our City Limits.

After an examination of the law in regard to this question,

I find that there is an indication that permanent or estab-
lished places of business within cities have been the bene-
factors of favored positions in many city ordinances. While
the decisions are conflicting, and in some cases even con-
fusing, the numerical majority of the courts have held that
such preferential treatment of local business constitutes
a denial of equal protection, or abridges the privileges and
amenities clause of the Federal Constitution.

I feel that there is no question but what the City can impose
as stringent conditions upon businesses operating from foreign
communities as are imposed upon those which are located within
the City Limits.

The ordinance could be amended requiring a business operating
from a foreign community to pay a license fee based upon the
gross business the same as is Imposed upon our own merchants.

There are many cities, as I have indicated hereinabove, that
have passed ordinances imposing a higher license fee on out-
of-town merchants and dealers than are imposed upon their own
residents. It might well be that our state would follow the
minority opinion and thus sustain such a position unless the
fee was so high that it would be considered absolutely prohi-
bitive upon the face of it.

One of our sister cities within the County does impose a license
fee of $300.00 on businesses from foreign communities, and, there-
fore, it occurs to me that it would be equitable for your Honorable
Board to amend our ordinance governing this situation by imposing a
reasonable fee (collectible quarterly, or annually) as the Board might
decide, in addition to a fee based upon the gross business done by
the respective businesses.

If the foreign business were only assessed the same fee as the
local business it would still be inequitable because of the fact
that the business operating from a foreign community would not be
subject to the taxes and other costs of operation imposed upon the
local business.

Respectfully submitted,

C. Norman Cornwall /s
C. Norman Cornwall
City Attorney

Thereafter the foregoing opinion was Ordered filed.

DOMINO GAME	Mayor Cragin read the letter of	Mr. Frank Gordon, Idle Hour, 17-19 Ogden,

Letter from	dated July 16, 1948, concerning	the installation of a domino game in con-

Frank Gordon	junction with his billiard parlor. The City Attorney stated that it was

his opinion that it would be necessary for Mr. Gordon to make a gaming
	application. Thereafter the City Clerk was instructed to inform Mr. Gordon

of this matter.

NUISANCE PETITION	Commissioner Whipple moved that	a hearing be set for August 6, 1948 at

Re: Bush Brothers	2:00 P.M for the Bush Brothers	Trucklines to appear before the Board

Trucklines	to answer a complaint of an alleged nuisance submitted to the Board

