561

report to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas an Assessment Roll for the
aforementioned district, and

WHEREAS, the said Assessment Roll has been filed in the office of the City Clerk and
numbered, and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has determined that a public hearing shall be had
on said Assessment Roll on the 20th day of December, 1950

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
at a regular meeting thereof held on the 29th day of November, 1950 that a public hearing
on the aforementioned Assessment Roll be had on Wednesday, the 20th day of December, 1950
at 3:30 o'clock P.M. in the Council Chambers at the City Hall, at which time the said
Board of Commissioners and Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to hear and consider objections
to said special assessment roll and to review said assessment.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to publish
notice of the aforementioned hearing in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a newspaper in the
City of Las Vegas for at least two weeks, being fourteen insertions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

———oOo-——

RESOLUTION 203

Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners did on the 29th day of November, 1950 pass Ordin-
ance No. 445 authorising the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas to prepare
an assessment Roll on Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-4, and

WHEREAS, on the 29th day of November, 1950 the Ex-Officio City Assessor did certify
and report to the Board of Commissioners of the City of las Vegas an Assessment Roll for
the aforementioned district, and

WHEREAS, the said Assessment Roll has been filed in the office of the City Clerk end
numbered, and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has determined that a public hearing shall be had
on said assessment Roll on the 29th day of December, 1950.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
at a special meeting thereof held on the 29th day of November, 1950 that a public hearing
on the aforementioned Assessment Roll be had on Wednesday, the 20th day of December, 1950
at 3:30 o'clock P.M. in the Council Chambers at the City Hall, at which time the said
Board of Commissioners and Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to hear and consider objec-
tions to said special assessment roll and to review said assessment.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to publish
notice of the aforementioned hearing in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a newspaper in the
City of Las Vegas for at least two weeks, being fourteen insertions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

———oOo——

RESOLUTION 204

Commissioner Bunker moved that the City Attorney prepare a resolution commanding O.J.

Morling on his fine service to the City and expressing sympathy to his widow, and the
resolution spread on the minutes of this Board.

WHEREAS, Hank Morling did faithfully and untiringly serve the City of Las Vegas for
many years, and

WHEREAS, his ultimate demise has deprived this City of a sincere friend and devoted
public servant, and

WHEREAS, his passing will be keenly felt by us in Municipal Government who were ben-
efited by daily association with him, as well as the host of friends he left behind, and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deeply regret the pass-
ing of Hank Morling,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, at a meeting thereof, held on the 6th day of December, 1950, by this Resolution,
extend its deepest sympathy to his family. He has established an enviable record in
the building department and in the community for his loyalty and integrity. By his
human qualities of kindness, tolerance and understanding he found everlasting endear-
ment in the hearts of those who knew him and earned an exalted place in life. His
family may well take consolation in the knowledge that their husband and father was
loved by all and that no other can fill the place he found in the hearts of his friends.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

— Commissioner Peccole moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION 205

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is the owner of certain property hereinafter
described, and