94

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
JUNE 27, 1947

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 27th day of June, 1947. Meeting called to order by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 3:00 P.M. with the following members
present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple, City Manager

T. E. Fennessy; and City clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	City

Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall.

RESOLUTION — Re:	The following resolution was presented to the Board for their consid-

Liquor	eration:

RESOLUTION NO. 100

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, at a recessed regular meeting thereof held on the 28th day of
March, 1946, duly adopted a Resolution establishing a policy in respect
to the issuance of tavern and liquor store licenses, whereby the number
of such licenses issued would be based on population and limited to one
liquor store license to each 1000 population, and one tavern license
to each 1000 population, and

WHEREAS, the number of such licenses already issued at the time
of the adoption of said Resolution were in excess of the limitation
established by said Resolution as based on the population at that
time, and

WHEREAS, investigation and experience has since disclosed that
such allocation of liquor licenses is fair and impartial, and is the
same method employed by our neighboring states in this regard, and

WHEREAS, said Board feels justified in deviating from this rule
of allocation only in respect to licenses for taverns to be operated
as part of and in connection with hotels wherein substantial monetary
investments are made, and will consider favorably applications for li-
censes in such circumstances only, and

WHEREAS, said Board is conscious of its moral responsibility to
so administer the liberal laws of the State of Nevada, as they pertain
to the City of Las Vegas, as to justify their continued existance,

NOW, THEREFOR, be it resolved, this 27th day of JUne, 1947, by
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, that the
Resolution duly adopted by said Board on the 28th day of March, 1945,
and the declaration of policy therein contained, and as hereinabove
restated, relative to the limitation on the issuance of liquor store
licenses and tavern licenses, be and the same are hereby ratified and
reaffirmed and that said Resolution and declaration of policy, as here-
inabove restated, shall continue in full force and effect.

Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing resolution be
adopted and approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.

FRONTIER TAXI CO.	Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Malcom C. Quelch

Application	for an additional cab for the Frontier Taxi Cab Company be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.

FBI - National	Commissioner	Clark moved	that the Chief of Police be granted permission

Academy	to attend the meeting of	the Arizona FBI National Academy as requested

and that the sum of §75.00 be allowed for his expenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.

NEVADA STATE	Commissioner Whipple moved that the Fire Chief be granted permission to

FIREMENS CONVENTION	attend the Nevada State Firemen's Convention to be held in Elko and

	that the sum of $75.00 be allowed for his expenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

CONGRESSMAN	RUSSELL Commissioner	Clark moved	that the Mayor be directed to send a letter

of thanks to	Congressman	Russell for his work in connection with the

	passage of the Fish Hatchery Bill #HR-3151.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.