84

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 27, 1947

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 27th day of May, 1947. Meeting called to order by
His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 P.M. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, and

His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin; Acting City Manager George 0.
Treem; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioner

Corradetti and City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.

SWIMMING POOL	This being the time set for the awarding of the bids on the

BATHHOUSE	swimming pool bathhouses, and at this time Commissioner Clark

Bids Awarded	moved that the N. P. Van Valkenburg Construction Co. being the

	lowest bidder, the City accepts said bid, when the contractor

	complies with all the requirements of said bid and the City

Attorney is directed to prepare a contract between N. P. Van
Valkenburg Co. and the City of Las Vegas and the Mayor and
Clerk are authorized to sign said contract when all of the
terms and conditions set forth in the specifications and notice
to bidders have been complied with.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the fol-
lowing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

TWA PETITION	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be directed

	to write a letter to Curtis C. Henderson, Examiner Civil Aero-

nautics Board, Commons Building, Washington, D. C. requesting
that the petition of the City of Las Vegas Document #1086 be
heard at the May 30th hearing concerning additional California-
Nevada Service, Document #2933 and that carbon copies be sent
to C. E. Fleming, C. W. Dayhauf and C. E. Duffy.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the fol-
lowing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before this meeting
Commissioner Clark moved that the meeting recess until June
2, at the hour of 10 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk	Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 2, 1947

At a recessed regular meeting of the board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
this 2nd day of June, 1947. Meeting called to order at the hour of 10:00 a.m. by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore,

Whipple and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	C. Norman Cornwall, City Attorney.

NEW COMMISSIONERS	Mayor Cragin at this time welcomed the new members of the Board, who

TAKE OFFICE	prior to the meeting had taken the Oath of Office required by law

	and filed their respective bonds in the office of the City clerk.

MAYOR PRO TEM	Thereafter, Commissioner Baskin moved that in view of the fine job

APPOINTED	Commissioner Clark has done as Mayor Pro Tem that he be reappointed.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following

vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.	

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time, Commissioner Baskin
moved that this meeting adjourn until June 6, 1947, at the hour of 2:00 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

City Clerk

Mayor