246

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved	that service and material warrants #1475-1479 both in

WARRANTS	the sum of $25,805.52 be	approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to

	sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following

vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

SOUTHERN NEVADA

ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION	Commissioner Moore moved that the letter from the Southern Nevada Athletic

	Association relative to use of Wrangler Field for soft ball games be referred to

Lou Anton, Recreation Director. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, Clark,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	The proposed ordinance heretofore submitted by the Las Vegas Board of Realtors

REALTY BOARD	was, upon motion of Commissioner Whipple duly seconded by Commissioner Moore

	and carried by unanimous	vote, referred to the Legal Department for study.

CLAIMS-B.J. Hanlon	Commissioner Clark moved	that the claim of Lt. B. J. Hanlon for expenses incurred

returning George Samuelson to Las Vegas, Nevada from Cedar City, Utah, in the sum
	of $9.90 be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.

STREETS & HIGHWAYS	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized to negotiate with the

R/W - Charleston under Opaco Lumber & Realty Company relative to the purchase of right of way for 

pass OPACO LUMBER &	Charleston Underpass, in the sum of $10,000 as set forth in their letter to Mr.

REALTY COMPANY	Murphy, dated May 3rd,	1948. Motion seconded	by Commissioner Whipple and carried

	by the following	vote:	Commissioners	Baskin,	Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

CHARLESTON BLVD	Commissioner Whipple moved that the City attorney be directed to commence condemnation

UNDERPASS R/W -	proceedings against Maddox & Ferriel for the acquisition of right-of-way needed for

Maddox &	Ferriel	Charleston Blvd.	Underpass. Motion	seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried

	by the following	vote:	Commissioners	Baskin,	Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

ORDINANCE 	#343	Copy of a letter dated May 6th, 1948 and addressed to Mr.	C. G. Petrie, Planning

Protest	Engineer relative to the provisions of Ordinance #343 was	received from the Commander of

	the American Legion Post #8. The letter stated that it was the opinion of the officers and

membership of the Post that the proposed assessment established under Ordinance
#343 should not apply to a patriotic organization since they were not engaged in
commercial or industrial enterprises. The letter was ordered filed.

SUB-DIVISION	Commissioner Clark moved that the tentative map of the Monte Vista Village be

MONTE-VISTA VILLAGE	approved subject to the recommendation of the Planning Commission. Motion seconded

	by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

PETITION - SEWERS	At this time a petition was filed with the Board of Commissioners relative to the

FOR 14TH STREET	installation of sewers in the Fourteenth Street Addition,	Mr. Murphy has informed

ADDITION	the Board that he has been working on the matter for some	time and if there is any

way to install sewers in this district it will be done, therefore the petition
was ordered filed.

CITY TREASURER					—

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Treasurer be instructed to notify the First
	National Bank of Nevada, Las Vegas Bank that the City wishes them to deposit

securities to cover the deposits of the City of Las Vegas. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Baskin
Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GAMING & LIQUOR  The following gaming applications were presented to the Board for their consideration:
APPLICATIONS 2ND		

QUARTER 1948	M. C. Kress, State Cafe, 20 Fremont		4 slots

	Mrs. Joe Morgan, Silver Club, 108 N 1st	1 pan

Lloyd L. St. John, Twin Lakes Corp	4 slots

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing gaming applications be granted for the
second quarter, 1948. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

The following Liquor applications were presented to the Board for their consideration:

Nick Coroneos, Chicago Villa, 124 1/2 N 1st,	ret rest bev

Edward C. Rath, Nevada Sport service, Inc.,Cashman Field Retail Beverage

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. 