59

ZONE EXCEPTION	Upon recommendation of the Planning Commission, Commissioner

Case No. 26	Baskin moved that the request of Dr. Quannah S. McCall for

Dr. Quannah S. McCall	a zone exception on Lots 17-18 and 19, Block 14, Wardie

Lots 17-18-19 Blk 14	Addition at 730 South 9th Street be granted.

Wardie Addn. 730 So.

9th Street	Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the

	following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

STREETS & HIGHWAYS	The recommendation of the Planning Commission relative to

Maryland Pkwy-	Maryland Parkway typical section on file in the office of the

Typical Section	City Clerk was ordered tabled.

t/

The letter received from the Planning Commission dated May
7, 1947 , relative to Cross Country Route 85 from Las Vegas
to Pahrump Valley, was ordered filed.

GRAVEL -- Street	Commissioner Clark	moved that that certain motion heretofore

Department	made and passed on	the 22nd day of April for the purchase

	of 20,000 yards of	gravel from Roy Cram at fifty cents a yard

be rescinded, and that new bids be let for a quantity not
to exceed 20,000 of yards of gravel, specifications to be
made by the City Engineer and gravel to be taken by the City
as needed. Said bids must show the distance of the stock
from the City Market; further, minimum to be not less than
250 yards will be taken at one time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and

His HOnor voting aye; noes, none.

BATHHOUSES FOR	Commissioner Clark	moved that the bid of H. W. Polk being

SWIMMING POOLS	the lowest bid for	the construction of the bathhouses having

	heretofore been referred to the City Manager for negotiation

with Mr. Polk and Mr. Stadelman and thereafter the Board of
City Commissioners having been informed by the State Contrac-
tors Board on May 8, 1947 that Mr. H. W. Polk does not have a
contractors license in the State of Nevada until May 31, 1947
the Board of City Commissioners being anxious that this work
move forward at the earliest possible date hereby authorizes
the City Manager to ask for new bids according to the revised
plans and specifications. Said bids to be opened May 22, 1947
All former bids are hereby rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CIVIL SERVICE ACT	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City Attorney be in-

	structed to commence work on a civil service act for the bene-

fit of city employees to be ready for presentation at the next
session of the legislature.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting recess
until May 9, 1947 at 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 9, 1947

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Com-
missioners held this 9th day of May 1947. Meeting called to
order by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 P.M.
with the following members present:	Commissioners Baskin

and Clark; City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk Helen
Scott Reed. Absent:	City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall and

City Commissioner Corradetti.