297

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Conmissioners

Baskin, Moore, and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Clark.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk

Acting Mayor Pro Tem

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 30, 948

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners was called to order at
the hour of 4:00 P.M. September 30, 1948 by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore and Whipple. Absent:	Mayor

Cragin. Also present:	City Manager J. M. Murphy and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. 

Absent:	City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.

MINUTES	Commissioner Baskin moved that the minutes of September 8, 13, 16, 20 and 22, 1948 be

approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

BID NO. 48.14	At this time the City Manager presented the tabulation on Bid No. 48.14 for	pipe and

Awarded	pipe fittings for the park area at 8th and Charleston, said bids which were	opened

	September 22, 1948.

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the bid of Standard Wholesale Company
being the low bid in the amount of $1227.28 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

NON-CONFORMING USE	At this time His Honor read a letter from the City Attorney dated September	27, 1948

Mrs. Vesta Purdy	regarding the Non-Conforming use of property owned by Mrs. Vesta Purdy, located at

1212 South 3rd	1212 South 3rd Street. The letter of the Planning Commission dated September 3, 1948

recommended that Mrs. Purdy be allowed to continue this nonconforming use for general
	warehousing purposes provided no legal objections be found by the City Attorney.

The above mentioned letter from the City Attorney seated that there be no legal objection.

EXTENSION MARYLAND	At this time the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commissioner as per their

PARKWAY	letter dated September 30, 1948 relative to the extension of Maryland Parkway south

	of Oakey Boulevard was read to the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that negotiations for the acquisition of right of
way for the additional two hundred and ten feet south of the south limits of the Huntridge
Subdivision be made providing there is no cost to the City,

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Conmissioners

Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Whipple moved that in considering the Regional Planning Commission's recom-
mendation on Maryland Parkway to a point two hundred and ten feet south of Oakey Boulevard
to the south city limits it is recommended that normal width streets be used instead of
the parkway section.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Mayor Cragin.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Harold A. Maddox, Beverage Distributors,
Renewals - New	at 101 E Charleston for a Wholesale Beverage and Importers Beverage License for the fourth

Applicants quarter of 1948 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commission Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye, noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of the Nevada Biltmore Hotel Inc. by
Harold T. O'Hara for a Retail Tavern, Cocktail Lounge and Cabaret Liquor Licenses
for the fourth quarter of 1948 be referred to the Police Department for investigation
and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; Noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Cragin.