312

Moore, Whipple and is Honor voting aye: noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1636, 1643 to 1652 inclusive in the net
sum of $26,120.32 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Baskin,
Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

MATERIAL Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 1608, l637 to 1642 inclusive
in the amount of $29,674.83 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

BID NO. 48.l5	At this time the City Manager presented the tabulation on Bid No. 48.15 for a road roller, said

awarded	bids which were opened October 7, 1948. Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the bid of

Herb Waldman Co. being the low bid in the amount of $5,034.79 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Baskin,
Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

BID NO. 48.16 	At this time the City Manager presented the tabulation on Bid Ho. 48.16 for an arbor press, said

Awarded	bids which were opened October 7, 1948. Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that the bid of

General Auto Parts being the low bid in the amount of $739.50 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;. noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

BID NO. 48.17	This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 48.17 for an Insecticidal Fog applicator,

Opened	bids were opened from the following firms:

Hardie Mfg. Company	Hudson, Michigan	No Bid

	Inland Service & Supply	Las Vegas, Nevada	No Bid

Campbell-Hausfield Co.	Hanison, Ohio	No	Bid*

Acmeline Mfg. Company	Traverse City, Mich.	No	Bid

Binks Mfg. Company	Chicago, Illinois	No	Bid

Chapin Mfg. Works Inc.	Batavia, New York	No	Bid

Clark County Whse	Las Vegas, Nevada	No	Bid

West Disinfecting Co.	Long Island City, New York	No	Bid

Essick Mfg. Company	Los Angeles, California	No	Bid*

So. Nevada Disinfectant	Las Vegas, Nevada	No	Bid^

Combustion Equip.Division	($1692.65 RR Frt.

Todd Shipyards Corp	Elmhurst, Queens, New York	($176l.40 RR Express

The Deming Company	Salem, Ohio	No	Bid

Best Maintenance Company	Las Vegas, Nevada	No	Bid*

*Alternate Bids

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

BUS ROUTES	Commissioner Baskin	moved that since the City Manager has received numerous petitions with regard

	to the rerouting of	local buses and the City has no authority to regulate routes, the City Manager

contact the bus company and the petitioners and arrange a meeting for them to work out their
difficulties.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

—	Commissioner Whipple moved that the claim of Anna Marstein against the City of Las Vegas, together

Anna Markstein	with correspondence	from Marion B. Earl and the City Clerk be referred to the City Attorney for

	handling.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

GAMING APPLICATION Commissioner Moore moved that the application of Arthur Rosen, Eldorado Club Inc., 128 Fremont
Eldorado Club	for 38 slots, 2 Poker, 3 "21" games, 1 Faro Bank. 2 Roulette, 2 Craps, 1 Race Horse Book, 1 Tango

	and 1 Chemin De Fer for the fourth quarter of 1948 be revoked and license not issued. Motion

died for lack of second.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing application for renewal of gaming in the Eldorado
Club Inc., for the fourth quarter of 1948 be granted pending the complete investigation of
all members of the corporation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	At this time the following gaming applications for renewal for the fourth quarter of 1948 were

4th Qr. - Renewals	presented to the Board for their consideration:

	El Cortez Hotel Inc. El Cortez Casino 6th & Fremont	1 Roulette

Irl N. Stewart	Fremont Arcade	103	Fremont	1	slot

Frank Gordon	Idle Hour Pool Parlor 17	Ogden	3	slots

Irl N. Stewart	Slot Machine	101	Fremont	1	slot

O.	W. Glenn	Monte Carlo Club	15 Fremont	2	slots

*Carl R. Eggers	Desert Snack Bar	222	North Main	3	slots

*(Formerly Harry J. Mangrum, Desert Castle System)

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that the foregoing applications for gaming be granted,

seconded by Commisioner Baskin and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Baskin, 

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.