415

GAMING APPLICATIONS At this time the following applications for gaming for the 2nd Quarter of 1949 were

presented to the Board for their consideration:

J. Kell Houssels	Sal Sagev Hotel Tavern

Robert Testolin &

James Fare	Cinnabar

Catherine & John	P.	The Westerner

Horden

J. S. Pappas, Benny	Western Club

Binion & Nick Dandolas

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that all new applications for gaming be denied in
view of the existing resolution on file which limits gaming.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The meeting recessed at 3:45 P.M.

Council Chambers

This meeting was called to order by His Honor Mayor Cragin at the hour of 4:00 P.M. with
all members present as of the opening session.

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time for hearing on proposed amendments to the Master Plan of the City of

Amendment to Master	Las Vegas, the following petitions for rezoning were considered:

Plan

	(l) Rezoning of properties on 13th, 14th & l5th Streets between Stewart

Avenue and Bonanza Road from R-l Single Family to R-3 Limited
Multiple Zone.

His Honor asked if there were any present who would like to protest the rezoning of the
above-mentioned properties.

Mr. Fred Eaton stated that he was present to protest the said rezoning on behalf of him-
self, William C. Eaton Lots 17 & 18, Bl. 14, Wallace Christensen Lot 19, Block 14, and
June W. and Earl P. Wilson, Lots 20 & 21, Block 14, Fourteenth Street City Addition.

Mr. Eaton stated that he was protesting on the grounds that some of the people signing
the petition for rezoning no longer live in this district and further that this is a
single family residence district and should remain as such.

Mayor Cragin asked if there were any further objections to this rezoning.

	Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission

under date of June 6, 1949 relative to the rezoning of properties on 13th, 14th, and
15th Streets between Stewart Avenue and Bonanza Road from the R-l Single Family to R-3
Limited Multiple zone be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

(2)	The next rezoning petition to be considered by the Board was the
rezoning of Railroad Property fronting on Bonanza Road.

The letter of recommendation received from the Planning Commission under date of April 28,
1949 was read to the Board. Thereafter His Honor asked if there was anyone present who
wished to protest the rezoning of this property.

Commissioner Moore moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission relative to the
rezoning of Railroad Property fronting on Bonanza Road be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

(3) At this time His Honor read the certification of the Planning Commission on
the proposed rezoning of the McNeil Tract from R-A to R-E zones, and asked
if there were any protestants present.

commissioner Moore moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission on the rezoning
of the McNeil Tract from R-A to R-E zone be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

(4) Rezoning of properties between 5th Street and the alley between 12th
and 13th Streets and Stewart Avenue and Fremont Street, changing all
properties that are not at the present time in the Commercial zone
from the R-3 Multiple to C-2 General Commercial, as recommended by
the Planning Commission under date of June 6, 1949, was read by His
Honor after which reading His Honor asked if there was anyone present
who wished to protest the rezoning of this property.

Commissioner Moore moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission relative to the
rezoning of the above-named property be approved.