426

Motion seconded ty Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

STREET NAME CHANGES Commissioner Peccole moved that the action of the Board taken on May 20, 1949 directing the

County Recorder to make certain street name changes on the recorded plats as approved at said
meeting, be rescinded, and the City Clerk is hereby directed to have copies made of these street
	name changes heretofore approved by the Board for the information of the general public.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 49.6 -

Opening and Award This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 49.6 for the sale of a 1935 Pontiac, bids

were received from the following firms:

	

Nevada Iron & Metals	$21.60

Main Auto Parts & Metals, Inc.	22.50

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the bid of the Main Auto Parts & Metals Inc. in the
amount of $22.50 being the high bid received, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TAXI APPLICATION	Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Grace B.	Bates Irvin, Checker Cab Corporation,

	for a taxicab license, 3rd quarter of 1949, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole, and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Moore passed his vote.

PAWNSHOP APPLICATION Commissioner Whipple moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation of the Police Department
George	A. Heaney	the application of George A. Heaney for a pawnshop license	at 104 Fremont be approved.

	Motion seconded ty Commissioner Peccole and carried by the	following vote: Commissioners	Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honorvoting aye; noes, none.

GARBAGE fEE -	Commissioner Bunker moved that the letter received from Mr. Paul J. Johnson regarding the fees billed

Letter of Protest	him under the present Garbage Ordinance, be referred to the City Attorney to be included in his

report to the Board.



Motion seconded ty Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CLARK COUNTY CENTRAL Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the request of the Clark County Central Labor Counoil to
LABOR COUNCIL	meet with the Board relative to a Labor Day Parade and Picnic planned by the group, the Labor

Council be notified that the Board will be glad to meet with them on July 22, 1949.

Motion seconded ty Commissioner Bunker and carried BY the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION —No. 147 On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Peccole, and carried unanimously,
Accepting Easements the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

Woodlawn Park Addn.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of July, 1949, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
	Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds of easements, dated the 2nd day of May

and the 13th day of June, 1949, executed by E. A. Honrath and Sonya E. Honrath at 2029 Goldring
Lane, E. A. Honrath, Sonya E. Honrath and Frances Pauline Kelly at 2029 Goldring Lane, Donald H.
Brannon and Jane Brannon at 2009 Goldring Lane, W. T. Cuddy at 2001 Goldring Lane, and A. W. Black-
man and Isabell Blackman at 2001 Goldring Lane to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada and that the real property described therein be and is hereby accepted for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deeds of easements,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

PROPOSED VACATION Commissioner Peccole moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
OF ALLEY	under date of June 30, 1949 relative to the vacation of the dead end alley located between 4th and

Park Place Addition 5th Streets south of Charleston Boulevard in the replat of Lot I, ParkPlace Addition, the proper

notices be posted of a public hearing of this proposed vacation be held by the Board on August 22, 1949

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ZONE VARIANCE CASE Commissioner Whipple moved that upon the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission contained
NO. 71 -	Mrs. A.A.	in their	letter of June 24, 1949, the request of Mrs. A. A. Hinman,	131 South 8th Street	to rezone

Hinman	lots 7 and 8, Block 14, Buck's Subdivision from R3	Limited Multiple	to C2 Commercial, be	approved,

subject to the conditions set forth by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PARADISE VILLAGE Commissioner Bunker moved that the final map of Paradise Village Tract #2, as recommended by the
Final Map	Regional	Planning Commission in their letter under	date of June 28,	1949 be approved and	the Mayor

and City	Clerk authorized to sign same, subject to	check by the City Engineer. Further that this

	tract known as Paradise Village Tract #1 and Paradise Village Tract #2, be considered henceforth

as Paradise Village Tract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.