171

Governmental Agencies," approved March 22, 1917, as amended, that
a great necessity or emergency has arisen in the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that necessity now exists for
authorizing the obtaining of a temporary loan by and on the part of
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose
of meeting such emergency as expressed in and shown by the preamble
and resolution unanimously adopted at a meeting of said Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas duly called and held on the
26th day of November, 1947, authorizing a temporary loan for the pur-
pose set forth in said Resolution, a duly certified copy of which
is now on file and of record in the office of the State Board of
Finance; and

WHEREAS, it further appearing that notice of intention to adopt said
emergency resolution was duly published according to law; therefore,
be it

RESOLVED, by the State Board of Finance, that said act and resolution
of said Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, authorizing a temporary loan of One Hundred
Nineteen Thousand Two Hundred Eighteen Dollars and Seventy-five cents
($119,218.75) as in said resolution set forth and authorized, be and
the same is hereby approved; and be it further

RESOLVED, that a duly certified copy of this resolution be transmitted
by the Secretary of the State Board of Finance to said Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas in order that the same may be	

recorded in the Minutes of the meeting of said Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, as provided by law.

I, Grant L. Robison, certify that I am the duly authorized and acting
Secretary of the State Board of Finance and that the foregoing is a
full, true, and correct copy of a resolution duly adopted by unanimous
vote of the State Board of Finance at a meeting held on the 1st day
of December, 1947*

Dated this 2nd day of December, 1947

Grant L. Robson (signed)___________

Secretary of the State Board of Finance

Thereafter, Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing resolution
be approved and copied into the Minutes as provided by law.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.

POLICE DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Baskin moved that the	Board approve the action of the City

CHIEF APPOINTED	Manager in	appointing Mr. Luther Horner Chief of Police as of the 5th

	of December, 1947. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried

by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

PLANNING COMMISSION	At this time a letter dated December 4, 1947 from the Joint Planning

Recommendation	Commission	relative to Fire Zones,	which recommended certain amendments

Land Use - Fire Zone	be made to	Ordinances establishing	Fire Zones and also recommending

Proposed Amendment	the adoption of 1946 Edition of the Building Code. As these recom-

	mendations are now in the process of being complied with, the letter

was ordered filed.

LAND USE	At this time a letter from the Joint Planning Commission dated December

Zone exception Case	1, 1947, which contained the following recommendations, was read,

	relative to a request of Dr. Alfred Bernkrant for permission to use

the property at 1808 South Main Street for a veterinarian hospital:

"1. That the property described be permitted to be used for a Veterinarian
hospital for small animals only, subject to the recommendations
hereinafter set forth.

2.	That said use be permitted only on the basis of the applicant's
statement that structures erected for the conduct of said use
be of an absolutely sound-proof nature and that all animals
would be kept within said sound-proof building during all hours
of darkness; further, that all things be done that will prevent
the establishment of a nuisance in connection with said use.

3.	That any permits or licenses to operate such use be issued under
regulations and conditions as may effect such use and as established
by the City of Las Vegas or agencies thereof, especially the
Department of Health, with regard to sanitation, etc.

4.	That the building to be constructed be of type 1, 2, or 3 construction
with regard to the Uniform Building Code.

5.	That building and plot plans be approved by the Planning Com-
mission prior to the issuance of building permits.

6.	That the applicant proceed with the actual construction work for
the establishment of the use a plied for, within six (6) months
after the effective date of the Exception, at which time said
Exception shall become invalid unless said construction work

has commended or unless there has been an extension of time ranted
by mutual agreement between the applicant and the City of Las Vegas.