386

PARADISE VILLAGE	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be directed to write a letter to

School	Mr. Walter J. Johnson, Superintendent of Schools asking if the Schools had rejected

land space in the new proposed Paradise Village Tract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner
Clark moved that this meeting recess until May 20, 1949 at 2:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clark

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 6, 1949

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 6th day of May, 1949 was called
to order at the hour of 2:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following
	members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple; City Manager J. M. Murphy,

City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

A large number of property owners from Biltmore and Tiffendale Tracts were present at the
meeting protesting the operation of the Nevada Biltmore Hotel by its new owners. After
a long discussion the Board verified that gaming and liquor licenses would not be issued
to the Nevada Biltmore until representatives for the above named property owners could
meet with the Board.

BIDS - Tractor & Bull	This being the time for opening of bids for the purchase of a Tractor and Bull Clam

Clam Shovel	shove, bids were submitted by the following concerns:

James Cashman

	Clark County Wholesale

Shaw Sales & Service

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City
Manager for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1037 to 1040 inclusive in the net

sum of $26,591.69 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

STORAGE TANK - City Yard Commissioner Whipple moved that the agreement between the Stancal Asphalt & Bitumuls

Company and the City of Las Vegas for the installation of a storage tank in the City Yard
	be referred to the City Attorney for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR RESOLUTION - Rejected Commissioner Clark moved that Resolution No. 100 hereto fore adopted on June 27, 1947

which limited the issuance of liquor license according to population be rejected.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, and Moore voting aye; noes, Commissioner Whipple and His Honor.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS - NEW The following new liquor applications for the second quarter of 1949 were presented to

the Board for their consideration:

Richard L. Russell The Ring	123 1/2 No. 2nd	Sealed	Pkg.	Min.

P. L. Jefferson	Brown Derby	320 Monroe	Retail	Tavern

Paul W. Warner	Overland Arcade	4 Fremont	Sealed	Pkg.	Min.

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing applications be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, and Moore; noes, Commissioner Whipple and His Honor.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	The following renewal gaming applications for the second quarter of 1949 were presented

to the Board for their consideration:

	M. C. Kress	State Cafe	20 Fremont	4 slots

Raymond Salmon	Boulder Liquor	115 So. 1st	4 slots

Store

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing applications be granted.