111

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
AUGUST 7, 1947

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
7th day of August, 1947. Meeting called to order by His Honor Mayor
E. W. Cragin at the hour of 3:00 P.M. with the following members	

present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple. City Manager

T. E. Fennessy, City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall and Deputy City
Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved that the Minutes of July 22 and 25 be

	approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to

sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark moved that	payroll	claims Nos. 1220 and 1228

	to 1232 inclusive and 1234 in	the net	sum of $24,420.69 be approved

and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved that	service	and material warrants Nos.

WARRANTS	1236-1288 inc., in the amount	of $18,959.32 be approved and the Mayor

	and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

CHANGE ORDERS

Swimming Pool	Commissioner Whipple moved that the following Change Orders Nos. 5,

	6 & 7 on the Central Swimming Pool be approved:

Change Order No. 5:

Provide and install H. & C. Water outlet in southeast corner of
laundry room for dish washing sink. In addition extend outlet thru
wall for 1 1/2" drain.

Change Order No. 6:

Provide and install water lines of size and location shown on sketch.

All piping under concrete slab shall be copper tubing. All material
and installation shall meet approval of Architect and owner.

Change Order No. 7:

Run a 220 volt circuit from sub-panel in laundry room to east wall
of laundry room. Stub out on wall 4'6" above floor. After plaster-
ing install a 30 amp. disconnect and install 3 feet each side of
disconnect a duplex outlet. Left outlet shall be 110 volts and right
outlet shall be 220 volts. Disconnect tubing and outlets shall be
mounted on surface of plaster.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and approved by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

CHANGE ORDERS	Commissioner Whipple moved that the following change orders Nos.

Police Station	12, 16, and 18 on the city jail be approved.

Change Order No. 12:

Provide and install:

1.	One duplex outlet set 12" above floor line on east wall of Chief
of Detectives room $12.00

2.	Provide and install one lite outlet in entry of men's public
toilet and one outlet in entry to women's public toilet. Each
light is to be connected to switch in respective toilet $14.00

3.	Provide and install one outlet in storage room to kitchen where
directed behind door $14.00

Change Order No. 16:

Provide 3 pipe and veneer screens around toilets and lavatories
in womens' tanks as per sketch and instructions of Architect.

(request of police dept.)

Change Order No. 18:

Provide and install revised steel reinforcing of beam RG 5-6 to
meet altered condition of space required for ducts. Sheet A-4-A
in architects office covers the entire alteration which included a
concrete footing and 4" "H" column.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and approved by the following