242

LOCKSMITH LICENSE	Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Benjamin

BENJAMIN A. COHEN	A. Cohen for a locksmith license be granted having heretofore

	been approved by the Chief of Police. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

SCHOOL SITE	Commissioner Baskin moved that the Quitclaim Deed dated May 7th,

DEEDED	1948 between the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation in

	the County of Clark, State of Nevada, party of the first part,

and the Las Vegas Union School District Board of Education, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, party of the second part,
deeding certain lands for a school site to the Board of Educa-
tion be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

FIRE INSURANCE	Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager be authorized

	to provide for fire insurance on city property on a 100% basis.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

WRANGLERS FIELD	Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Manager notify the

	Southern Nevada Athletic Association that the City is willing

to cooperate with them in their plans for an athletic program
but they do not approve of the erection of a fence and that
all games be non-profit. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin
and carried by the following voter Commissioners Baskin, Moore,
Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Comm-

issioner Clark.

STREETS & HIGHWAYS	This being the time set for the hearing of the petition for the

VACATION 17th ST.	vacation of a portion of 17th Street in the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, Commissioner Baskin moved that the following order be
	made:

ORDER

A Petition, signed by three (3) freeholders residing in the area
affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning
for the vacation of that portion of Seventeenth Street hereinafter
described, and said Petition having been by Order of this Board
referred to the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas for its
recommendation in the premises, and said Planning Commission having
filed its report, dated August 6, 1947, with this Board approving and
recommending said vacation;

And this Board, by an Order made at its regular meeting held on
the 22nd day of March, 1948, set the 7th day of May, 1948, at the hour
of 2:00 o'clock P.M. at the Commissioners' Room of the Board of
Commissioners, in the War Memorial Building, located at the Northwest
Corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, as the time and place for a public hearing on said
Petition and recommendation, and Ordered the City Clerk to cause the
aforesaid street proposed to be vacated to be posted with a Notice
setting forth the time and place of the public hearing and the extent
of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of LaVerne R. Bechtel, filed
with the Clerk of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said
Order, a copy of which Notice is attached to said affidavit, was
posted on the 1st day of April, 1948, in the manner prescribed by
said Order,

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition
for vacation and the recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon,
and this Board having heard evidence in support of said Petition and
recommendation, and no evidence in opposition thereto having been
				offered;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the
portion of the street proposed to be vacated is no longer required for
the public use and convenience, that said vacation will inure to the
benefit of the City of Las Vegas, and that the public will not be
materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following portion of Seventeenth
Street, to-wit:

All of that portion of 17th Street in the City of Las Vegas
as it appears on the plat of 14th Street City Addition to the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, on file in the office
of the Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, in
Book 1 of Plats, Page 82, lying east of Block 22 of said Sub-
division, bounded by the southerly line of Mesquite (Marlin)
Street, the westerly line of Bruce Street, and a line drawn
parallel to and distant thirty (30) feet northerly from the
east west quarter line of Sec. 35, T. 20 S., R. 61 E. M.D.B.

& M., as such quarter line appears on said subdivision plat,

be, and the same is hereby vacated.