380

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of August Messelod, Western Tavern, 226 Wilson
for a retail restaurant Beverage license for the 2nd Quarter of 1949 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

VACATION OF SOUTH 9th Commissioner Baskin moved that the petition of certain property owners for the vacation of a
STREET	portion of South 9th Street be referred to the City Manager for study and referral to the

Planning Commission.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time the meeting adjourned
until April 22, 1949 at 2:00 P.M.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

las Vegas, Nevada
April 22, 1949

A regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 22nd day of April, 1949 was
called to order at the hour of 2:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following
members present: Commissioners Clark, Moore and Whipple; City Manager J. M. Murphy, City
Attorney C. Norman Cornwall and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent: Commissioner Baskin.

ALLIED PRINTING TRADES At this time Mr. Buster Van representing the Allied Printing Trades Council was present at
COUNCIL	the meeting. Mr. Van requested that the Board continue their cooperation in dealing with

	members of the printers union. He also asked that the Board request the union seal on all

	printed matter. His Honor informed Mr. Van that whenever possible union members were asked

to do work for the City, but if printed matter were presented for bid, the Board had no
authority to see that Union printers received the award of the bid unless their bid was low.
Mr. Van stated that he appreciated that fact, but was only asking the Board to request the
union label from union printers. His Honor said, speaking for the Board, he was sure that
they were glad to cooperate in any way possible.

THE WESTERNER - Gaming V. Gray Gubler, Esq. was present representing Catherine & John Horden in their application

for a gaming license for the Westerner. Mr. Gubler stated that the Hordens appreciated the
suggestion of the Board that they might obtain a beverage license and slot machine license,

	but that would be insufficient to support them unless they had either a tavern license or

a Race Horse Book license in addition. After considerable discussion relative to the nec-
essity of either amending or revoking the existing resolution governing the issuance of
gaming licenses Commissioner Clark expressed his views on this resolution. Commissioner
Clark stated that this resolution had been put into effect to assist the gaming industry,
and as far as he was concerned would remain unless the people expressed a desire to have
this resolution stricken from the books. If so, he would personally vote to have this
resolution stricken. However, at this time it would be necessary for him to vote "no" on
any new gaming applications.

GAMING & LIQUOR	Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that those inactive licenses, gaming and liquor not in

Not in Operation	operation by the next quarter, be revoked by the City at that time.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Mr. Gubler stated that in view of the above motion the Horden's would not request action
on their gaming application at this meeting, but ask that it be held in the pending file.

MINUTES - Corrected	Commissioner Whipple moved that the Minutes of April 18, 1949 be approved by reference

and the Minutes of April 7, 1949 be corrected as follows:

CHARLESTON SQUARE NO. 4 ******* Service Drives are recommended on both
	Charleston Square No. 3 and No. 4. Also Valley gutters be

included in the conditions of Charleston Square No. 3.
and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1031 and 1033 to 1036 inclusive in the

net sum of $27,248.48 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

4	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

LUTHERAN CHURCH	Commissioner Clark moved that pursuant to the request of Mr. Sundean representing the Lutheran

Purchase of City Land Church for the purchase of City land located on North 5th Street, that the Board is not in

favor of disposing of this property on the basis of the promise made to the donor Mr. Ted
Konduris that this property would be used for recreational purposes.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

NEVADA BAR - Liquor Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation of the Police Depart-
ment that the application of Patsy Malpede and Joe Bartoli, Nevada Bar for a Retail Tavern
	Liquor license be granted.