350-A

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 7, 1949

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 7th day of February, 1949 was called	

to order at the hour of 2:15 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members
present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple; City Manager J. M. Murphy, City

Attorney C. Norman Cornwall and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

NOMELLINI TRACT	At this time there appeared before the Board a group of people interested in the new proposed

subdivision, the Nomellini Tract. The Mayor then read the recommendation of the Planning
	Commission dated January 28, 1949. Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that approval of

the tentative map of the Nomellini Tract be held in abeyance pending a meeting with the
Planning Commission because certain conditions approved by the Planning Commission are
contrary to the Land Use Ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

DEWHURST LAWN TRACT #1	Commissioner Moore moved	that upon the recommendation of	the Planning Commission as per their

Final Map	letter dated February 1,	1949, the final map of Dewhurst	Lawn, Tract #1, be approved subject

	to the original conditions set forth when the tentative map was approved on June 29, 1948.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of January 21 and 24 (both recessed regular and

special meetings) be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Clark moved	that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1753	and 1006 to 1009 inclusive in the

	net sum of $31,197.71 be	approved and the Mayor and City	Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Baskin moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation of the Police Depart-

Keyhole Bar	ment that the application of John A. Harrell, Keyhole Bar, 13 Fremont for a retail tavern

liquor license be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ZONE EXCEPTION CASE NO. 66 Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission relative to Zone
Peter Clos	Exception Case No. 66 concerning a portion of NE 1/4, Section 4, T. 21 S., R. 6l E., M.D.B.&M.

made by Peter Clos for Light Industrial Use be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING OF CHARLESTON A letter received from the Planning Commission recommending that the petition for rezoning of
BOULEVARD 	Charleston Boulevard be denied, was read to the Board. This letter was ordered filed.

VACATION OF SHADOW STREET At this time the recommendation of the Planning Commission in their letter dated January 31,

1949 was received approving the vacation of portions of Shadow Street. Thereafter Commissioner
Baskin moved that the City Attorney be instructed to commence proceedings for the aforementioned
	vacation and the City Clerk be authorized to post notices of a public hearing on said pro-

posed vacation to be held March 10, 1949 at the hour of 3:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHARLESTON SQUARE #3	Commissioner Clark moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Planning Commission as

Final Map	per their letter dated January 31, 1949, the final map of Charleston Square No. 3 be approved,

subject to the original conditions set forth when the tentative map was approved on December
 2, 1948.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING	On motion of Commissioner Baskin, duly seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried unanimously,

DEED - A Street	the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

Wengert & Ronnow

RESOLUTION NO. 129	BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of February, 1949, by the Board of Commissioners of the City

of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 25th day of January,

1949, executed by C. S. Wengert and C. Leland Ronnow to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING	On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried unanimously,

DEED - Shadow Street	the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

Maddox

RESOLUTION NO. 130	BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of February, 1949, by the Board of Commissioners of the City

of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 2nd day of February,

	1949, executed by Harold A. and Frances M. Maddox to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.