288

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner 	Clark moved that	Service & Material Warrants Nos. 1586, l587,

WARRANTS	1591 to 1595	inclusive in the	amount of $24,322.03 be approved and the

Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

ZONE EXCEPTION	Commissioner	Clark moved that	the following recommendation of the Planning

CASE NO. 6l	Commission dated September 3,	1948 relative to zone exception case #6l,

Dr. G.C. Davis	Dr. G.C. Davis, Lot 1, Block 3, Biltmore Addition be approved:

Biltmore Addn.



OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION
September 3, 1948

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	ZONE EXCEPTION CASE NO. 6l

Dr. G. C. Davis

Lot 1, Block 3; Biltmore Addition

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your Honorable Board adopt an order approving
the recommendation of the Joint Planning Commission that the above petitioner be
granted permission to use the above-mentioned lot for PROFESSIONAL USE, as des-
cribed below. Such lot is located in Residence Zone #1, as legally described in
petition for exception, a copy of which is on file in the Office of the Planning
Commission.

It is further recommended that the order include the following provisions:

1	- That this property be subject only to the use classified as a

professional office for the administration to persons (but not
for the housing thereof) of a physician's practice.

2	- The display of any sign upon the above-mentioned premises shall

be limited to one name plate not exceeding one-half square foot
in area, containing only the name of the occupant. No flashing
or blinking lights shall be placed on any sign, which shall be
located at the entrance to the office.

3	- That the conduct of said professional use be subject to any other

laws or regulations of the State of Nevada and/or the City of
Las Vegas.

4 - That this exception be for a period of three (3) years, after which
time a renewal shall be granted provided the reasons are the same
at that time as have been set forth in the original application.

5 - That the sale or rental of the property shall automatically cancel
this exception.

This petition, involving property legally described therein and classified in
Residence Zone #l, was presented to and reviewed by members of the Joint Planning
Commission at a regular meeting on August 31, 1948. After consideration of all
factual data before members of the Commission, it was determined that the excep-
tion here recommended under the conditions set forth was consistent with the
intent and purposes of the City Zoning Ordinance and amendments thereto now
being prepared.

Yours very truly,

LAS VEGAS — CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

s/ R. E. Singrey

RES'dmn	Secretary

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

ZONE EXCEPTION	Commissioner Whipple moved that the following recommendation of the Planning

CASE NO. 62	Commission dated September 3, 1948 relative to zone exception case #62,

F. J. Gilligan	Florence J. Gilligan, Lots 12 and 13, Block 10, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite

Clark's LV Tnst.	be approved:

