357

VACATION OF	This being the time set for the hearing on the vacation of Eldorado Street , and there

ELDORADO STREET	being no one present to object to this vacation, Commissioner Whipple moved that the

	following order be adopted:

ORDER

A Petition, dated the 4th day of January, 1949, signed by five (5) freeholders
residing in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this Board, peti-
tioning for the vacation of those portions of Shadow Street, formerly known as
El Dorado Avenue, hereinafter described, and said Petition having been by Order of
this Board referred to the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas for its
recommendation in the premises, and said Planning Commission having filed its report
dated January 31, 1949, with the Board approving and recommending said vacation;

And this Board, by an Order made at its regular meeting on the 7th day of February,
1949, set the 10th day of March, 1949, at the hour of 3:00 P. M., at the Commissioners'
Room of the Board of Commissioners, in the War Memorial Building located at the Northwest
comer of Fifth and Stewart Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as
the time and place for a public hearing on said Petition and recommendation, and Ordered
the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid street proposed to be vacated to be posted with a
Notice setting forth the time and place of the public hearing and the extent of the
proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Charles V. Cudney, filed with the Clerk of
this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which Notice is attached
to said affidavit, was posted on the 8th day of February, 1949, in the manner prescribed
by said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for vacation and the
recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having heard evidence
in support of said Petition and recommendation and no evidence in opposition thereto
having been offered;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the portions of the street
proposed to be vacated is no longer required for the public use and convenience, that
said, vacation will inure to the benefit of the City of Las Vegas and is necessary for
and by reason of the public interest and convenience, and that the public will not be
materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portions of Shadow Street,
formerly known as El Dorado Avenue, to—wit:

PARCEL NO. 1

Commencing at a point on the west boundary of the northeast quarter (NE 1/4)
of the southwest quarter (SW 1/4) of Section 33, T. 20 S., R. 6l E. , M.D.B.&M.
distant 660.85 feet from the southwest comer of said northeast quarter
(NE 1/4) of the southwest quarter (SW 1/4), and being further denoted as
Engineer's Station 19-81.00; thence easterly, at right angles to aforesaid
west boundary, a distance of 30.00 feet to the true point of beginning;
thence northerly, parallel to the said west boundary, and thirty feet distant
therefrom, a distance of 660.85 feet to a point on the north boundary of said
northeast quarter (NE 1/4) of the southwest quarter (SW 1/4) of Section 33; thence
easterly, along said north boundary, a distance of 10.00 feet to a point on
the east line of El Dorado Avenue, as same appears on plat of Buol's
Addition to Las Vegas, in Book 1 of Plats, Page 29, Clark County, Nevada,
records; thence southerly, along said east line of El Dorado Avenue, a
distance of 660.85 feet, more or less, to a point opposite and at right
angles to Engineer's Station 19+81.00; thence westerly, at right angles
to the preceding line, a distance of 10.00 feet to the true point of
beginning.

PARCEL NO. 2

Commencing at a point which is the southwest comer of the northeast quarter
(NE 1/4) of the southwest quarter (SWm1/4) of Section 33, T. 20 S., R. 6l E.,

M.D.B.&M.; thence northerly, along the west boundary of said northeast quarter
(NE 1/4) of the southwest quarter (SW 1/4), a distance of 90.00 feet to a point
further denoted as Engineer's Station 14-10.15; thence easterly, at right
angles to aforesaid west boundary, a distance of 30.00 feet to the true point
of beginning; thence northerly, parallel to the aforesaid west boundary and
30 feet distant therefrom, a distance of 570.85 feet to a point opposite and
at right angles to Engineer's Station 19+81.00; thence easterly, at right
angles to the preceding line, a distance of 10.00 feet to a point on the east
line of El Dorado Avenue, as same appears on Plat of Buol's Addition to Las
Vegas, in Block 1 of Plats, Page 29, Clark County, Nevada, records; thence
southerly, along the east line of El Dorado Avenue, a distance of $70.85 feet,
more of less, to a point opposite and at right angles to Engineer's Station
14-10.15; thence westerly a distance of 10.00 feet to the true point of beginning.

be, and the same are hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin and Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor

Cragin and Commissioner Moore.

ADOPTION OF 1949	Commissioner Basking moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission relative

BUILDING CODE	to the adoption of the 1949 Building Code be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Whipple, His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor

Cragin and Commissioner Moore.

BID NO. 49.1	Commissioner Whipple moved that the Bid No. 49.1 of Wilshire Oil Company being the low

Gasoline Awarded	bid of $.214 for Ethyl and $.199 for regular gasoline be accepted.