5

With present "bottlenecks" such as legal
limitations on improvement districts and the
increased cost of installing above-standard
improvements, it is evident that there is a
negative affect on desired improvements.

It is with deep concern that we request your earnest
consideration for adopting the policy recommended. If necessary,
we shall be happy to meet with you, at your request, to consider
or discuss further this important problem or to furnish further
descriptive or graphic details as you may desire.

Respectfully,

Las Vegas -- Clark County

Joint Planning Commissions

/s/ C. G. Petrie

C.	G. PETRIE

Planning Engineer

CGP:gm

January 21
19	47

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	STREETS & HIGHWAYS

Residential Streets

Gentlemen:

In accordance with our recommendation dated November
6, 1946, your tentative approval thereto and request for additional
detailed information, please be advised as follows.

The type of development and typical street section
has been carefully studied by the Joint Planning Commission.

This typical section has been delineated on a sketch attached
hereto and indicates the maximum paving width, location of
curbs and sidewalks. The placement of sidewalks was carefully
studied with relation to the parkway width between curb and
sidewalk and any additional right-of-way which would fall into
the front yard portion of abutting properties (such right-of-
way remainders not to be vacated). Placing the sidewalk as
indicated, sufficient parkway widths have been established to
permit the planting of shade trees without injury to curbs or
to pavement width, sidewalk area and front yard depth has been
retained. It is the concensus of opinion that if sidewalks
were moved closer to property line than indicated that the
parkway width would be increased to 13 or 14 feet and would not
receive proper maintenance or care from abutting property
owners as would this additional area if included in the front
yard between sidewalk and buildings.

This typical section is based on established standards
for traffic needs and is considered functional and adequate for
local residential streets as has been proven in many communities
where built.

Respectfully,

Las Vegas —Clark County

Joint Planning Commission

/s/ C. G. Petrie

CGP:gm	Planning Engineer

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WHOLESALE LIQUOR	Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Ben O'Dowd

LICENSE APP.	for a wholesale liquor license at 601 W. Bonanza and Roach

O'Dowd Dist. Co.	Distributing for a wholesale Liquor license at 828 So. Main(

&	(rear) be granted.

Roach Dist. Co.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.