526

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and filed in the records of this Board.

-------0O0———

RESOLUTION NO. 130

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of February, 1949, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 2nd day of February,
1949, executed by Harold A. and Frances M. Maddox to the City of Las Vegas, County of dark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and filed in the records of this Board.

...... oOo—.....

RESOLUTION NO. 131

WHEREAS, on May 6, 1947, at a general election held said date, the electors of the City
of Las Vegas voted the issuance of bonds in the sum of $350,000.00 to finance the construction
of a sewage plant, and

WHEREAS, Emergency Ordinance No. 376 duly adopted by the Board of Commissioners on November
10, 1948, provided for the authorization and issuance of the City of Las Vegas Sewage Disposal
Bonds, and

WHEREAS, the said bid for the purchase of bonds was accepted by resolution of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the 5th day of October, 1948 and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has determined and does hereby determine that the notice
for the acceptance of bids for the construction of the Sewage Treatment Plant and Approach
Outfall Sewer be published.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, that the Mayor and City Clerk be, and they are hereby authorized and directed to give
and sign a notice calling for bids for the furnishing of the labor, material, transportation
and service for the construction of a Sewage Treatment Plant and Approach Outfall Sewer, by
publishing a notice once/for four consecutive weeks by five insertions at weekly intervals in
the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, the official newspaper of the city of Las Vegas, which
said notice shall be in substantially the following form:

CITY OF IAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SEWAGE TREATMENT PLANT
AND APPROACH OUTFALL SEWER

-ADVERTISEMENT FOR BIDS-

Notice is hereby given that the Board of City Commissioners, Las Vegas, Nevada will
receive bids for furnishing all labor, material, transportation and services for the
construction of a Sewage Treatment Plant and Approach Outfall Sewer located in Clark County
near Las Vegas, Nevada, each bid to be in accordance with plans, specifications, and other
contract documents now on file with the City Clerk at the City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada,
where they may be examined and copies obtained upon deposit of Forty Dollars ($40.00) per
set, which deposit will be refunded upon the return of such copies in good condition within
five days after the bids are opened.

Bidders are hereby notified that pursuant to Chapter 7, Statutes of Nevada, 1935 and
Chapter 139, Statutes of Nevada, 1937, not less than the specified wage rates are to be paid.

Notice is also hereby given that all bidders may submit with their bids, a sworn statement
of their financial responsibility, technical ability and experience. Such sworn statement may
be required to be furnished before award is made to any particular bidder.

Each bid shall be made out on a form to be obtained at the Office of the City Clerk, Las
Vegas, Nevada; shall be accompanied by a certified or cashier's check or bid bond for five (5)
per cent of the amount of the bid, made payable to the order of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada;
shall be sealed and filed with the Board of City Commissioners at the City Hall, Las Vegas,

Nevada, on or before March 22, 1949 at 2:10 o'clock P.M. and will be opened and publicly read
aloud at or about 2:15 o'clock P.M. of that day in the Council Chamber.

The above mentioned check or bond shall be given as a guarantee that the bidder will enter
into the contract if awarded to him and will be declared forfeited if the successful bidder re-
fuses to enter into said contract after being requested to do so by the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada reserves the right to reject
any or all bids or waive any informality in a bid.

No bidder may withdraw his bid for a period of thirty (30) days after the date set for the
opening thereof.