316

AMENDMENTS TO MASTER	This being the time set for the hearing on the amendments to	the Master Plan, and	there

PLAN —— Hearing	being no objections, Commissioner Whipple moved the adoption	of the amendments to	the

Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas as adopted by resolution of the Regional Planning
	Commission on October 11, 1948.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

NOTICE OF HEARING	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Clerk be directed to publish the following	notice

Land Use Ordinance	for one publication in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal,	setting November 26,	1948

at 3:00 P.M. as the time for hearing on the proposed land use ordinance.

/

NOTICE

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVER:	That on the 26th day of November, 1948, at the hour of

3:00 P.M. of said day, in the Commissioners' Room at the City Hall in the War Memorial
Building at Stewart Avenue and Fifth Street in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will hold a
public hearing upon proposed ordinance dividing the City of Las Vegas into districts,
and regulating the restricting the erection, construction, reconstruction, alteration,
repair or use of buildings, structures, or land within such districts in accordance
with the Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas for land use, and all parties in
interest and citizens will be given an opportunity to be heard thereon at said time
and place.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Moore.

APPLICATIONS —	Letters of application for municipal judge received from Elwin C. Leavitt and William G.

Municipal Judge	Ruymann were ordered filed.

TWA —	OPERATIONS AT	Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager be instructed to notify TWA	that	on and

MCCARRAN	FIELD	after December	31, 1948 operations on McCarran Field will be cancelled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

VACATION OF "A"	At this time the recommendation of the Planning Commission contained in their letter dated

STREET - Hearing	November 3, 1948 was received, approving the vacation of a twenty-five foot strip of pro-

perty on the east side of "A" Street between South Main Street and Charleston Boulevard.

	Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing recommendation of the Planning

Commission be approved and the City Attorney instructed to commence proceedings for the
aforementioned	vacation. Also that the City Clerk be authorized to post notices	of a

public hearing	on said proposed vacation of South "A" Street and to set the	date	of said

hearing for Thursday, December 9, 1948 at the hour of 3:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

VACATION OF	SOUTH	At this time the recommendation of the Planning Commission in	their letter dated November

FIRST STREET	3, 1948 was received approving the vacation of South 1st	Street between Boulder Avenue

Hearing	and Charleston Boulevard. Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing recom-

	mendation of the Planning Commission be approved and the	City	Attorney instructed to com-

	mence proceedings for the aforementioned vacation. Also	that	the City Clerk be author-

ized to post notices of a public hearing on said proposed vacation of South 1st Street
and to set the date of said hearing for Thursday, December 9, 1948 at the hour of 3:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

SUBDIVISION —	The following recommendation from the Planning Commission dated November 3, 1948 relative

Russell Tract	to the Russell Tract was received:

Tentative Map

Approved	Transmitted herewith is a tentative map for a proposed subdivision of a portion of

	the W 1/2, SE 1/4, SE 1/4, Section 32, T. 20 S., R. 6l E., M.B.D. & M., which is approximately

twenty (20) acres of unsubdivided land located just west of the junction of Charles-
ton Boulevard and Rancho Road. A City Map is enclosed to show the general location.

On October 26, 1948 the Regional Planning Commission conditionally approved this
tentative map and transmits same, designating improvements which are recommended
be made by the Subdivider. Other requirements are also indicated which are
recommended in connection with approval of the final subdivision map.

CONDITIONS

1.	Streets

a.	Graded and surfaced, thirty (30) ft. minimum paving width. Such roadway
width may include twenty-four (24) ft. of pavement surface with three (3)
ft. oil penetrated shoulders.

b. Driveways and private entrances - where car storage space on any lot or
parcel of ground is accessible from the street, provision should be made
for driveways extending from the street pavement to garage, including the
surfacing thereof between the roadway and property line or street line.

Where there is no garage, such driveways should be provided at least to
the building line or any car port or automobile storage space behind said
building line.

c.	Valley gutters, six (6) ft. in width, of concrete construction, as desig-
nated by City Engineer.