269

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that the foregoing ordinance
be adopted on its second reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent? Commissioner Baskin.

PROPOSED FIRE	Ordinance No. 356 relative to adopting the 1947 edition of the

PREVENTION	National Board of Fire Underwriters "Suggested Fire Prevention

ORDINANCE NO. 356	Ordinance," was reported on favorably by the Committee composed

1st Reading	of Commissioners Clark and Whipple and was read in full to the

	Board for the first time.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing Ordinance
be approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

PARKING METER	At this time tabulation of Bids No. 48.10 (hereto attached) for

BID NO. 48.10	Parking Meters to be installed in the City of Las Vegas, said bids

Awarded	having been opened July 7, 1948, was presented to the Board for

their consideration.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS
Tabulation of Bids No. 48.10
650 Parking Meters

KARPARK	KARPARK

ITEMS	MILLER PARK-O-METER DUAL MI-CO SUPERIOR HUSKY

Number of Meters Furnished

Unit Price Installed

Total Bid Price

Method of Payment (Co. First)

Cash Discount

Delivery Date

Extra Meters for Quantity Purchase
Extra Mechanisms Furnished
Extra Cases Furnished
Trial Period
Guarantee Period
Coin Collection Cart Furnished
Coin Carrying Cases Furnished
Coin Counting Machine Furnished
Training of Maintenance Men
Coin Registering Device
Automatic

Recap of Bidders

1.	Mi-Co	$58.50

2.	Karpark

Husky	61.00

3.	Park-O-Meter61.59

4.	Dual	66.00

5.	Miller	69.99

6.	Karpark

Superior	76.50

I, Harold A. Laird, certify that the above
constitutes a true and correct tabulation
of Bids No. 48.10 opened by the Board of
City Commissioners July 7, 1948 to the
best of my knowledge and belief.

Harold A. Laird /s_______

City Comptroller

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of the Magee Hall,
Park-O-Meter Company for the installation of 686 Parking Meters at
a total price of $42,250.00 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and Carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. absent: Commissioner Baskin.

TERMINATION OF LEASE Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized
Wes Neeley & M.E.	to sign the cancellation and termination of the lease between the

Leavitt	City of Las Vegas and Messrs. Wes Neeley and M. E. Leavitt entered

into January 22, 1944 for certain parcels of land as stated in
said agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

GAMING APPLICATIONS The following renewal applications for gaming for the Third Quarter of
3rd Quarter	1948 were presented to the Board for their consideration.