110

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; Noes,

none. Absent:	Commissioners Clark and Moore.

CONCESSION BID—	Commissioner Baskin moved that the bid for concessions at the swim-

Swimming Pool	ming pool heretofore issued be Revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes,

none. Absent:	Commissioners Clark and Moore.

CLAIM - Van Valkenburgh Commissioner Baskin moved that the claim of N. T. Van Valkenburgh

in the sum of $23,071.50 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
	authorized to sign said warrant when satisfactory to the City Manager

and Controller.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes,

none. Absent:	Commissioners Clark and Moore.

At this time Commissioner Moore arrived at the meeting.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING	On motion of Commissioner Baskin duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple

DEED	and carried unanimously the following Resolution was adopted and	

Bert O'Donnell	Order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

BE IT RESOLVED, this 25th day of July, 1947, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, that the deed dated the 18th day of July, 1947 executed by
Bert O'Donnell and Margaret O'Donnell, husband and wife to the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the
purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be
attached to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office
of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the acceptance of the foregoing deed
was done with the understanding that no work will be done on said
Street until r/w has been secured for the full length of the street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

BID ON CONCESSION	This being the time set for the opening of bids for the concession

	at the swimming pool, Wildcat Lair and the Skating Rink the following

	two bids were received:

Cecil Lynch	906 South 3rd Street	15% of gross sales

2 year option to renew for

2	years

J. N. Schoonover 1018 Mesquite	15% of gross sales

3	year option to renew for
5 years

At this time the City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall arrived.

The foregoing bids being the same, City Manager T. E. Fennessy
flipped a coin for their award. Mr. Schoonover won the bid.

Thereafter, Commissioner Whipple moved that the bid of J. N.

Schoonover be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this	

time Commissioner Whipple moved that this meeting adjourn until

August 7, 1947 at the hour of 2:00 p.m.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

City Clerk	 Mayor