39

RESIGNATION -	Commissioner Baskin moved that the resignation of Walter B. Bates, City

Walter B. Bates.	Commissioner, effective as of April 1, 1947 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Commissioner Bates passed his vote.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, Commission-
er Clark moved that the meeting recess until Friday, March 28, 1947 at
the hour of 10 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
None. Commissioner Bates was out of the room.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk	Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 28, 1947

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this
28th day of March, 1947. Meeting called to order at the hour of 10 A.M.
by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members present:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti; City Manager T. E. Fennessy;

City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

FRONTIER CAB—	Commissioner Clark moved that the application for the transfer of the

Transfer of  		Frontier Taxi Cab Company from Bad Brown to Charles Welch be granted.

Ownership 

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Bates.

RECREATION DEPARTMENT Commissioner Corradetti moved that the claim of Eileen Abbott in the sum

Claim-Eileen Abbott 	of $150.00 for transportation furnished for the period of December, 1946,

	January and February, 1947 be granted and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign said warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

AGREEMENT-Fire  	Commissioner Baskin moved that the City enter into the agreement with the
Protection	United States of America for the purpose of giving fire protection to

	the Army Air Field and that the proposed agreement submitted at this time

be amended to allow the use of one pumper and a minimum of four men. When
the agreement has been amended the Mayor and City Clerk are authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates.

RESOLUTION—		RESOLUTION

Re: Kelso Turner			

Tract	

WHEREAS, the Government of the United States during the recent War emergency engaged
in a housing construction program to accomodate the needs of military and civilian personnel,
and

whereas, the Government of the United States in the course of said program completed
a housing project in the City of Las Vegas known as Kelso Turner, which is being operated
by the Clark County Nevada Housing Authority under the jurisdiction of the Federal Public
Housing Authority, and

WHEREAS, it is the declared intention of the Government of the United States to transfer
the management and operation of all War Surplus Housing to municipalities to be applied to
local need, and

WHEREAS, Kelso Turner is the only available low cost housing in the City of Las Vegas
and the Board of Commissioners deems it advisable for the public interests and welfare to
acquire the management and operation thereof to alleviate the local housing shortage,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
this 28th day of March, 1947 that negotiations be undertaken with the Government of the United
States to acquire the management and operation of Kelso Turner by said City for local
housing needs, and that the City Manager be and he is hereby authorized and directed to
commence to conduct such negotiations for and on behalf of the Board of Commissioners.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing resolution be
adopted and approved, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.