118

GOLF COURSE	It was moved by Commissioner Baskin that the city purchase a water

Purchase of Water	pump for providing water for the golf course, from the Standard

Pump	Wholesale Supply Company be approved and the Standard Wholesale

Supply Company will draw up the agreement and present it to the
	City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

POLICE STATION--	It was moved by Commissioner Whipple that the city accept the new

Acceptance with	police station with the following exceptions ad denoted in the letter

Exceptions	of Richard	Stadelman,	Architect	dated	August	8,	1947,	but	that

final acceptance will not be made until these exceptions are taken
	care of.

Motion seconded	by	Commissioner	Baskin	and	carried	by	the	following

vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

SALE OF CITY LAND	On motion of Commissioner Baskin seconded by Commissioner Whipple

Dr. Kraus	and carried unanimously it was resolved that since that part of

Lots 25 and 26 of Block 1 of Woodland Park which is outside of the
	line of the street right of way is not at present devoted to any

public use, is not effected by public trust, and is not needed for
any public use, said parcel be disposed of by sale.

ADJOURNMENT	There being no further business to come before this meeting at this

time, this meeting was adjourned until August 22, 1947 at the hour
	of 2:00 P.M.

ATTEST:		APPROVED: 

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada

August 22, 1947	

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
22nd day of August, 1947. Meeting called to order by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2:00 P.M. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple;

City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall; City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and
City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Because the Council Chambers were being used by the Disabled
American Veterans, the meeting was held in the Mayor's Chamber.

MINUTES	Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of August 7th and 8th

be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
	to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims Nos. 1233, 1239-1244

inclusive in the net sum of $22,305.81 be approved and the Mayor and
	City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following	

vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos.

WARRANTS	1245 to	1249 inclusive	and 1251 in the sum of $43,599.04 be approved

	and the	Mayor and city	Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

HEALTH DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Clark moved that Dr. Maroshek be appointed Attorney of

Dr. Maroshek	fact for the purpose of securing a permit to obtain pure alcohol

Attorney of	Fact	for the	use of the Las	Vegas-Clark County Health Unit tax free.	The

	Mayor and City Clerk are authorized to sign said application,



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.