83

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 26, 1947

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, held this 26th day of May, 1947. Meeting called
to order by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 P.M. with
the following members present:	Commissioners Baskin and Clark;

Acting City Manager George 0. Treem; and city Clerk Helen Scott Reed.
Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti and City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.

BIDS	Bids from the following firms for seal coating all streets in Biltmore

Bid #47.20	Annex #1 & #2 were received at this time and opened.

Kaufman & Jensen, Inc.	205 Bridger	$2,590.38

V. W. Graham Const. Co.	Main & Charleston	2,457.54

Cox Trucking Co.	810  1/2 So. Main	2,955.32

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing bids be
referred to the City Manager for checking and he is hereby authorized
to award the bid to the lowest bidder if it meets the specifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor voting aye; noes,

none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

BIDS	Bids from the following firms for 3000 yds of pit run gravel as per

3000 Uds Pit Run	the City Engineers specifications were received and opened:

Gravel-Bid #47.22

Kaufman & Jensen, Inc.

Red Rock Sand & Gravel Co.
Las Vegas Bldg. Materials
Vernon D. Bradley
Charles L. Martin
Graham Construction Co.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the bids be referred to the
City Manager for checking with the authority to award the bid to the
lowest bidder provided it meets the specifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

BOND	Commissioner Clark moved that the bond as submitted by the Frontier

So. Fifth Street	Improvement Co., is in the opinion of the Board of City Commissioners,

Addition	insufficient, and it is ordered that the City Attorney be directed to draw

	up a bond to properly protect the City of Las Vegas and forward same

to the Frontier Improvement Co. for their signature.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor voting aye; noes,

none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

SWIMMING POOL	At this time, Mr. Richard Stadelman submitted revised cost estimates

Bathhouses	on the swimming pool bathhouses from the Lembke Construction Co. and

Superior Construction Co. These revised estimates were ordered filed
pending further negotiations.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, Commissioner
Clark moved that the meeting adjourn until 2 P.M. May 27, 1947.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk		Mayor