178

*(To be inserted in coupons maturing on and after July 1, 1953
attached to bonds numbered 56 to 250, both inclusive.)

Section 7.	That said Storm Sewer Bonds, Series of January 1,

1948, shall be sold at public sale to the person or persons offering
the best and most advantageous term to said City. The Mayor and City
Clerk be and they are hereby authorized and directed to give notice offer-
ing said storm sewer bonds for sale and calling for bids for the purchase
of said bonds by publishing a notice once a week for four consecutive
weeks by five insertions at weekly intervals in The Las Vegas Evening
Review-Journal, the official newspaper of the City of Las Vegas and by
py of such notice at least three weeks prior to the date
fixed for the sale to the State Board of Finance, Carson City, Nevada,
which said Notice shall be in substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF SALE
OF

CITY OF LAS VEGAS. STORM SEWER BONDS. SERIES OF JANUARY 1, 1948

§250.000.00 - JANUARY 1. 1948	

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada, will on the 22nd day of January, 1948, at 2:00 o'clock P.M.,
at the City Office in Las Vegas, Nevada, offer for sale the following
described general obligation bonds of said City:

City of Las Vegas Storm Sewer Bonds, Series of January 1,

1948, dated January 1, 1948, in the aggregate principal
amount of $250,000.00, numbered from 1 to 250, both in-
clusive, in the denomination of $1,000.00 each, maturing ser-
ially in numerical order, $3,000.00 on January 1, 1949 and
$13,000.00 on January 1st in each of the years 1950 to 1968,
both inclusive; Bonds numbers 56 to 250, both inclusive,
maturing on the first day of January in each of the years
1954 to 1968, both inclusive, being subject to redemption
in inverse numerical order at the option of the City on the
first day of January, 1953, or on any interest payment date
thereafter upon the payment of the principal amount thereof
and accrued interest to the redemption date, and all of said bonds
bearing interest at a rate not to exceed three per centum per annum,
payable semi-annually on the first days of January and July in
each year, both principal and interest being payable at the
office of the City Treasurer, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Bidders are required to submit a bid specifying (a) the lowest	

rate of interest and premium, if any, above par at which the bidder will
purchase said bonds; or (b) the lowest rate of interest at which the b
bidder will purchase said bonds at par. The bonds will be sold to
the bidder making the best bid, subject to the right of the corporate
authorities of the City of Las Vegas to reject any and all bids and re-
advertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued
interest, nor will any discount or commission be allowed or paid on
the sale of such bonds. All bids shall be sealed and, except the bid
of the State of Nevada, shall be accompanied by a deposit of five per
cent, either cash or certified check, of the amount of the bid, which
will be returned if the bid is not accepted; and if the successful
bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said bonds	

within thirty days following the acceptance of his bid, the amount of
his deposit shall be forfeited to the City of Las Vegas, and, in that
event, the corporate authorities of said City may accept the bid of the
one making the next best bid, or if all bids are rejected, such author-
ities may re-advertise said bonds for sale. If there be two or more
equal bids and such bids are the best bids received, and are not less
than par and accrued interest, the corporate authorities will determine
which bid shall be accepted.	

The legality of the bonds will be approved by Messrs. Pershing,

Bosworth, Dick and Dawson, Attorneys at Law, Denver, Colorado, whose
opinion, together with the printed bonds, will be furnished the pur-
chaser without charge.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 22nd day of December, A.

1947.

(SEAL)	E. W. Cragin___________

Mayor

Section 8. That when said bonds have been duly executed and
sold, the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas shall deliver them
to the lawful purchaser thereof on receipt of the purchase price. The
funds realized from the sale of said bonds shall be applied solely to
the construction of storm sewers and storm drains in the City of Las
Vegas, but the purchaser of said bonds shall in no manner be responsible
for the application by said City or any of its officers of any of the
funds derived from the sale thereof.

Section 9. The interest falling due on said bonds on JUly 1,

1948 shall be paid out of the general fund of said City, or any other
funds that may be available for such purpose, and there shall be levied
in the year 1948 on all property both real and personal, subject to
taxation within the boundaries of said City, including the net proceeds
of mines, a tax sufficient to reimburse said fund or funds for such