356-A

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 7, 1949

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 7th day of March, 1949 was called
to order at the hour of 2:10 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members
	present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple; City Manager J. M. Murphy, City

Attorney C. Norman Cornwall and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of February 18 and 21, 1949 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL	WARRANTS	Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1017 and 1021	Inclusive in the	net	sum

	of $29,512.97 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized	to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 1767 and 1768 in the net sum

WARRANTS	of $19,215.22 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO.	49.1 	Opened	This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 49.1 for the furnishing of gasoline	to	the

	City of Las Vegas, bids were opened from the following firms:	

Signal Oil Company
Wilshire Oil Company
Shell Oil Company
Texas Company
Standard Oil Company
Union Oil Company
Richfield Oil Company
Joe Cardinal

Tidewater Associated Company

Thereafter the bids were referred to the City Manager for tabulation and recommendation.

RESOLUTION NO. 135

HIGHWAY EASEMENT	On motion of Commissioner Moore, duly seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried unanimously,

Opaco Lumber Co.	the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

	BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of March, 1949, by the Board of Commissioners of the

City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 22nd day of
February, 1949, executed by Opaco Lumber & Realty Company to the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth, and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

RESOLUTION NO. 136

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING	On motion of Commissioner Moore, duly seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried unanimously,

DEED—Public Highway	the following Resolution is adopted and order made:

Opaco Lumber Co.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of March, 1949, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
	of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 22nd day of February,

1948, executed by Opaco Lumber and Realty Company to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the
purposes and intentions as therein set forth, and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

RESOLUTION NO. 137

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING	On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner Moore, and carried unanimously,

DEED; Gordon	the following Resolution is adopted and order made:

8th & Park Paseo

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of March, 1949, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 2nd day of March,

	1949, executed by Robert L. Gordon and Sally L. Gordon to the City of Las Vegas, County of

Clark, State of Nevada, and the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth, and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

RESOLUTION NO. 138

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED On motion of Commissioner Baskin, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple, and carried unanimously,
Stella Beam - Noblitt Addition the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of March, 1949, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 15th day of February,
1949, executed by Estella C. Beam to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth, and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.