126

September 2, 1947

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	STREETS AND HIGHWAYS:

Vacation - Alley
Block 12, Ladd Addition

Gentlemen:	

In accordance with your request dated August 11, 1947
regarding the above mentioned subject, please be advised that
the Planning Commission recommends as follows:

At a regular meeting of the Joint Planning Commission
August 26, 1947, a petition of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Reno was
considered with regard to the vacation of the alley, Block 12,

Ladd Addition in the City of Las Vegas. On motion duly made, seconded
and unanimously carried it is recommended that this vacation be
approved providing:

1.	That the vacated lands be used solely for school
playground purposes as described in said petition.

2.	That adequate easement is retained in lieu of the dedicated
alleyway for maintenance of existing or future utilities.

The original petition referred by your Board is returned
herewith.

Respectfully yours,

LAS VEGAS-CLARK COUNTY JOINT
PLANNING COMMISSION

/s/ C. G. Petrie
Planning Engineer

September 2
19	47

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building

Las Vegas, Nevada	

Re:	HOUSING

Building Code

Gentlemen:

At a regular meeting of the Joint Planning Commission held
August 26, 1947 consideration was given with regard to building
code and zoning requirements of the City.

In the interest of facilitating building inspection and
administration of the building code with respect to reducing
the possibility of building and zone violations, it was duly moved,
seconded and unanimously carried that the Planning Commission
recommend and reiterate to the Board of City Commissioners the
necessity for compliance to our recommendation of June 26, 1946
concerning the administration of the building code with especial
regard to the coordination of permits in all inspection departments.

A copy of this original recommendation is attached wherein
Item 1 is specifically called to your attention with regard to this
particular recommendation.	

Respectfully yours,

LAS VEGAS - CLARK COUNTY	

JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

/s/ C G. Petrie
Planning Engineer

September 2
19	47

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	HOUSING:

building Code

Gentlemen:

At a regular meeting of the Joint Planning Commission held
August 26, 1947 consideration was given with regard to building code
and zoning requirements of the City.

In line with securing further the compliance of building and