511

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas under the Project 26-120-N, Construction
of Fire Station and Equipment, entered into a contract know as No. 1 with the Pioneer
Construction Company for the construction of two Fire Station, said contract authorized
by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at their recessed meeting hold
December 11, 1944,

WHEREAS, the work on these Fire Stations have now been completed in
accordance with the plans and specifications and approved change orders thereto,

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas does hereby accept the Fie
Stations as being completed and in conformity with the plans and specifications and
approved change orders, thereto, as of the date of final completion: ie., September
20, 1945.

This resolution was adopted at the meeting hold September 22, 1945.

- - oOo - -

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has entered into several contracts for
the furnishing of equipment in connection with Project 26-130-N, and,

WHEREAS, the equipment has been received on the following contracts:

Acceptance Date

Contract No.	6	G. Davis Co.	$410.00	9-10-45

Contract No.	8	F.F. & W.W. Hirsch Co.	25.00	9-16-45

Contract No.	9	General Pacific Corp.	45.00	9-19-45

Commissioner Clark moved the foregoing resolution be approved and

the Mayor and City clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following

vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

This resolution was adopted at the meeting held September 22, 1945.

- - oOo - -
RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 28th day of September, 1945 by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, state of Nevada that the deed
dated the 12th day of September, 1945, executed by Murray Wollman, Agnes Wollman, Nate
Mack and Jennie Mack to the City of Las vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada and
the the real property described therein, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth, and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached to
said deed and that same be recorded in the office of County Recorder, county of Clark,
State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.

This resolution was adopted at a meeting held on September 28, 1945.

----- OoO - - -

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there exists a great necessity and emergency for the securing
of funds to meet the obligation placed upon the City of Las Vegas, by the changes
in the Las Vegas City Charter approval by the State Legislature, March 7, 1945, and,

WHEREAS, certain obligations have been Incurred in connection with side-
walk demands, fire department, planning commissioner, and preliminary work on
assessment districts. Funds for which were not provided in the regular Budget and
for which reimbursement cannot be obtained within the Budget Year, and,

WHEREAS, unforeseen expenses in connection with the 1945 election, the
policing of the City, and the feeding of prisoners, and the repairing of City owned
equipment, costs of which could not be properly determined at the time the current
budget was prepared, and,

WHEREAS, the only means possible to meet these obligations and expendit-
ures is through the securing of an emergency loan, funds for which are available in the
unappropriated surplus account of the general fund of the City of Las Vegas,

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of City Commissioners of the
City do borrow a sum of Forty-two Thousand ($42,000.00) Dollars from the unappropriated
surplus monies in the General Fund now available or as they become available during the
balance of the 1945 Budget Year,