20

There being no further business to come before this meeting Com-
missioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until February 21,
1947 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk	Mayor

February 21

19	4 7

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
21st day of February, 1947. Meeting called to order by His Honor
Mayor E. w. Cragin at the hour of 2 P.M. with the following members
present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti; City Manager,

T. E. Fennessy; City Clerk Helen Scott Reed; and City Attorney
C. Norman Cornwall. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.	^	

MINUTES 	Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of February 13, 1947 be

	approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to

sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 1064 to 1071

	inclusive, and 1074 in the net sum of $22,578.07 be approved and

the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos.

WARRANTS 	1075 to 1076 inclusive in the sum of $16,872.04 be approved and

the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

GENERAL ELECTION	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be instructed to

	prepare notices for publication informing the public that it is the

	intention of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

tp place on the ballot, at next General Election, to be held, May 6,
1947, the following questions:



1.	Shall the City of Las Vegas issue bonds in the sum of $350,00.00 to finance the exercise
of the option contained in the Lease of War Public Works, Project No. Nev. 26-ll6-F,
from the United States of America to the City of Las Vegas, for the purchase of all

of the Government's right, title and interest in and to the Leased Property consisting
generally of a sewage disposal plant, pipes, pipelines, accessories and facilities for
the conveyance of sewage, together with certain lands or interest in lands, in or near
the City of Las Vegas, and to finance the extension and improvement of said project.

Said bonds to be payable within twenty years from the date of issuance thereof, bear
an interest rate not to exceed three per cent (3%) per annum, and be callable on any
interest payment date upon the discretion of the Board of Commissioners after five years
from the date of issuance thereof.

2.	Shall the City of Las Vegas issue bonds in the sum of $350,000.00 to finance the con-
struction of a sewage plant, said bonds to be payable within twenty years from the date of
issuance thereof, bear an interest rate not to exceed three percent per annum, and be
callable on any interest payment date upon the discretion of the Board of Commissioners
after five years from the date of issuance thereof.

3... Shall the City of Las Vegas issue bonds in the sum of $250,000.00 to finance the con-
struction of storm sewers and storm drains. Said bonds to be payable within twenty
years from the date of issuance thereof, bear an interest rate not to exceed three
per cent per annum, and be callable on any interest payment date upon the discretion
of the Board of Commissioners after five years from the date of issuance thereof.

4.	Shall the City of Las Vegas issue bonds in the sum of $125,000.00 to finance the re-
tirement of an emergency loan previously authorized by said Board according to law
for the completion of the construction of the police station. Said bonds to be pay-
able within twenty years from the date of issuance thereof, and be callable on any
interest payment date upon the discretion of the Board of Commissioners after five
years from the date of issuance thereof.

The City Clerk is hereby directed to have said publications made ,
in accordance with the law governing same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

On Motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously, the following Order was adopted: