

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Commissioners accept
the bid of the First National Bank of Nevada to lend the amount of Fifty-three
Thousand Dollars ($53,000.00) and the bid of the State of Nevada Public
Employees Retirement Commission to lend the amount of Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000.00) to mature not later than two and one-half (2 1/2) years from the date
of issuance of the promissory notes evidencing such loans, and such notes to
bear interest at three percent (3%) per annum, and be redeemable at option of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at any time when money is available.

NOW THEREFORE BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor and City Clerk
be authorized to sign the promissory notes for and in behalf of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, evidencing the amount loaned.

NOW THEREFORE BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that at the first tax levy of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, following the creation of the emergency indebt-
edness aforesaid, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will levy
a tax sufficient to pay the same.

/s/ E. W. Cragin
E. W. Cragin, Mayor

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time the
meeting adjourned at 2:25 P.M.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 20, 1949

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 20th day of May, 1949
was called to order at the hour of 2:25 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with
the following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple; City

	Manager J. M. Murphy and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	City Attorney

C. Norman Cornwall.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS - NEW At this time Mr. Jack Conlon representing the Tavern Owners Association Wholesale

Liquor and Package Liquor Dealers in the City was present along with representatives
	of the aforementioned businesses. Mr. Conlon respectfully asked that the Board

carefully consider the issuance of any further liquor licenses either package Liquor
or the tavern industry. Mr. Conlon stated that they had available statistics to
show that there are already too many such licenses issued in this community to war-
rant good business.

Mr. Charles B. Schur, applicant for a Retail Tavern License addressed the Board
stating that he felt there should be no limitation on the liquor licenses issued
any more than there should be a limitation on any other types of businesses.

Mr. Wes Barnes, owner and operator of the Sunset Liquor Store spoke at this time
emphasizing the points brought out by Mr. Conlon on the fact that Las Vegas could
not support any more liquor businesses.

Thereafter there was a discussion held by Mr. Greenstein, Wholesale Liquor Dealer
and Mr. John J. De Luca of the same business pointing out the trend of the whole-
sale liquor business at this time. Both these gentlemen requested that the Board
give careful consideration to the issuance of any new liquor licenses.

Commissioner Moore moved that any action on liquor license applications be tabled
until after the new Commissioners have taken office on June 6, 1949.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Whipple moved that all applications for gaming licenses on file at this

	time be tabled pending the installation of the new Board on June 6, 1949.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NEVADA BILTMORE -	At this time a committee of property owners from Biltmore Addition represented by

Liquor and Gaming Licenses Mr. P. A. Clark were present protesting the issuance of liquor and gaming licenses

to S. D. Hunter, Nevada Biltmore Hotel, 600 North Main. Mr. Clark stated that the
	committee was basing their protest on t he grounds that the Nevada Biltmore Hotel

	had sold most of their holdings in the residential area of the Biltmore Addition

and the property owners surrounding the Hotel felt that this type of business would
not be conducive to the welfare and upbringing of their children.

Mr. Harry Claibourne, Esq. representing Mr. S. D. Hunter, applicant for the said
licenses, replied that they felt that this protest was not justifiable since the Hotel
had previously conducted this type of business.

A motion made requesting that the applications for license be denied was withdrawn.
Thereafter the Board requested that a new application be submitted giving in full
the names and addresses of all owners or stockholders.