18

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

TWA LEASE 	Commissioner	Bates moved	that the proposed lease on	file with the

	City Manager	between the	TWA and the City of Las Vegas be approved

and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin. The vote being as follows:
Commissioners Baskin, and Bates voting aye; Commissioners Clark
and Corradetti voting no. Passed, Mayor Cragin.

ORNAMENTAL LIGHTS—  Commissioner	Clark moved	that the Board approve the	request of

5th & Stewart	Mr. Archie Grant in that	he be permitted to install	an ornamental

light belonging to the City at his own expense, at the corner of
5th & Stewart in front of his new building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor vot-

ing aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti passed his vote.

PETITION--	Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager be instructed to

Meadows Addition 	refer that certain petition dated February 8, 1947 bearing sig-

	natures of property owners in the Meadows Addition requesting

improvements of streets and alleys to the Planning Commission for
recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WESTSIDE SWIMMING 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to

POOL		make necessary contract for raising the pool on Westside, as per

his recommendation

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn
until 10 a.m. February 18, 1947.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk	Mayor

February 18
19	47

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 18th day of February, 1947. Meeting called to order
by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 10 a.m. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark

Corradetti; city Manager T. E. Fennessy; City Attorney C. Horman
Cornwall; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

US vs 19.5860 Acres	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Clerk be authorized to

of Land etc.	to sign that	certain receipt in the sum of $1.00 in full payment

et al #249		and complete	satisfaction of that certain judgment entered on

	the 20th day	of February, 1946 as to Parcels No. 1,7, 9, & 12

of that certain land involved in condemnation proceedings in
case No. 289 on file in the District Court of the United States
of America.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PURCHASING PROCEDURE	Commissioner	Clark moved that the purchasing procedure be waived

WAIVED	t	and the City	Manager be authorized to purchase a 1946 Ford Pick-

up, 6 cylinder, in the sum of $1131.19, and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign said warrant

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PETITION -- Re 	Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager be instructed to

Damaged Trees	refer the petition signed by certain property owners relative to

damage done by the Power Company to Ash trees on the South side
Bonanza Road from Sunny Place to Tonapah, to the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.