226

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Whipple moved that payroll claims #1420, 1422-1427, both in-

clusive, in the net sum of $26,278.30 be approved and the Mayor and City
	Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin

and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL Commissioner Whipple moved that service and material warrants #1429-
WARRANTS	1433, both inclusive, in the sum of $35,007.14 be approved and the

	Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by

	Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

BID #48.9	At this time bids for various types and sizes of 110 volt lamps purchased

lamps	in case lots as needed and requested within the period of April 1, 1948

to March 21, 1949 were opened. Estimated purchases for the period
	approximately $1500 were received from the following firms:

Standard Wholesale Supply Co., Las Vegas, Nev. quoted 28% base
discount and an additional 5% for payment within 10 days.

Osborne & Kitchen, Inc., Reno, Nev.	no bid.

Stoney-Streit Electric, Inc., Las Vegas, Nev. quoted discounts
of 30% on orders of $15 list value or more on orders calling
for standard package or 25% on orders calling for broken packages
amounting to less than $15.00 list value. Cash discounts of
2% if paid within 10 days.

Clark County Electric, Las Vegas, Nev. quoted 30% discount on
standard packages of $15 more list value of on a purchase
of less than $15 list value 25% on purchases of broken packages
amounting to less than $15 list value.

General Electric Supply quoted discounts of 30% on orders of
$15 list value or more or on orders calling for standard package;
or 25% on orders calling for broken packages amounting to less
than $1500 list value. Cash discount 2% for payment within 10
days from date.

Luce and Goodfellow, Las Vegas, Nev. quote standard package of
$15.00 or more list value or on a purchase of less than $15.00
list value which includes a standard package 30%. On purchases
of broken packages amounting to less than $15.10 list value 25%.

2% 10 days from date of invoice 30 days net.

The foregoing bids Were held for further discussion.

STREETS & HIGHWAYS The following inter-office communication from the City Engineer
Charleston Blvd. Under- relative to Charleston Blvd., underpass at the Union Pacific Rail-
pass at Union Pacific road was presented to the Board for their consideration:

Railroad

	"In accordance with a meeting held in this office April 1, 1948,

	with Mr. 0. W. Wright, Division Engineer, and other representatives

of the State Highway Department, the following items relative to
design and R/W acquisition were agreed upon:

1.	SOUTH FIRST STREET

In order that a better intersection design be obtained
at Main Street and Charleston Boulevard, it is proposed
that South First Street between Charleston Boulevard
and Boulder Street be vacated and closed, eliminating
this portion of the present intersection.

Under date of August 31, 1943, the Joint Planning
Commission recommended certain adjustment of local
streets in connection with the Tonopah-Charleston
highway improvement, item 2 of said recommendations
stipulating the closing and vacating of this portion
of First Street. This recommendation was subsequently
approved by the Board of City Commissioners under date
of September 2, 1943.

2.	SOUTH MAIN STREET

It appears that the most satisfactory solution to
obtaining r/w at the northwest corner of Main Street
and Charleston Boulevard (Klein Property) will be
subject to the manner in which the small remainder of
Main Street, lying west of this intersection, is developed.

It is proposed that a 30 ft. (30') roadway be constructed
on this eighty ft. (80') r/w, permitting twenty five ft.

(25') parking strips fronting each of the abutting
properties (Klein and Southern Nevada Industries). This
30' roadway would not intersect with Charleston Boulevard,
but would turn westerly north of the Charleston Boulevard
roadway and serve as an access road to properties north of
the underpass. This roadway should be physically separated
from the Charleston roadway by curbing and other adequate
barriers.

C. G. Petrie, City Engineer".

Thereafter, Commissioner Moore moved that the proposal of the City
Engineer as heretofore outlined relative to R/W acquisition be approved
and the City Manager be directed to make a survey as to the cost of
the proposed acquisition. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple

and His honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.