204

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and

His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

CITY RECREATION BOARD At this time a letter dated January 20, 1948 addressed to the
	Board of City Commissioners from the City Recreation Board

	recommending the appointment of George E. Harris, Principal of

the Las Vegas High School to the City Recreation Board to fill
the unexpired term of Mrs. Helen Van Vorst, was read to the Board.
Thereafter, Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing recommendation
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

LAS VEGAS UNION	At this time a letter dated January 28, 1948 addressed to the Council

SCHOOL DISTRICT	from the Las Vegas Union School District requesting that the City deed

Request for site	a certain parcel of five acres of land in the SW Corner of Youthtown

for school purposes and a letter was also read from Youthtown, Inc.,
	which was addressed to the Board of City Commissioners signifying

their willingness to relinquish that certain portion of land requested
by the Las Vegas Union School District. After considerable discussion
Commissioner Whipple moved that the matter be tabled pending further
investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

PAWNBROKERS LICENSE	At this time the application of Lou J. Warner for a pawnbroker's

Lou J. Warner	License at 115 South 1st Street was presented to the Board for

their consideration. Thereafter, Commissioner Baskin moved that
	the aforementioned application be referred to the Chief of Police

	for recommendation.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting

Aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

STREETS AND HIGHWAYS The following recommendation was received from the Planning Commission
Vacation-South 2nd relative to the vacation of South Second Street and Wyoming Street,
and Wyoming

	OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION

January 30
19	48

Honorable Mayor and
Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	STREETS AND HIGHWAYS

Vacation

South Second Street
Wyoming Street

Gentlemen:

This will reply to your request for recommendation in connection
with the attached petition, relative to the above-mentioned sub-
ject.

At a regular meeting of the Joint Planning Commission held January
27th, 1948, this petition was considered, and upon motion duly made
and unanimously carried, it was recommended that the vacation be
approved, which involves -

The easterly seven and one-half feet (E.7 1/2') of
Second Street immediately adjacent to and westerly of
Lots 1,2,3,4 and 5, and the Southerly seven and one-
half feet (S.7 1/2') of Wyoming Street immediately
adjacent to and Northerly of Lot 1, all of said Lots
being in Block 18, Boulder Addition to the City of
Las Vegas, as shown by a Map thereof on file in Book
1 of Plats, Page 52, in the Office of the County
Recorder, Clark County, Nevada.

The Commission is concerned, however, with the establishment of a
precedent in this instance, which may pave the way for similar
actions in the future. It is obvious that it may not be possible,
in every case, to grant such vacations without detriment to the
Street system, especially in such instances where future widening
of roadway is essential or necessary.

In this respect, it may be wise to have a further opinion of the City
Attorney with regard to such precedent - that is, the relationship
between the present opinion, in which case the City is absolved of liab-
ility by reason of an encroachment, and the necessity of retaining
sufficient right of way for future need. The question remains -
could the City again, at some time in the future, acquire such portions
vacated without becoming involved - or could a proper and legal side
agreement be arranged between the City and parties involved, stip-
ulating that said right of way or portion thereof now being vacated
by reason of encroachment, be re-conveyed to the City at such time
as the encroachment may be removed or otherwise cleared.