120

SWIMMING POOL	Commissioner Clark moved that the official opening of the central

Official Opening	swimming pool be	held	on September 1st.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

SWIM PROGRAM after	Commissioner	Whipple moved that the following swim	program	as re-

September 1st	commended by	the	city	manager be adopted as	of	September	1st:

	MEMORANDUM

TO:	MAYOR & BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS

SUBJECT:	SWIM PROGRAM AFTER SEPTEMBER 1st	AUGUST 15. 1947	

Pat Diskin, Swimming Pool Director, has submitted a memo
to the writer relative to the use of the City Pool for the Grade and
High School physical-ed program after school starts, September 1st.

Program is outlined as follows:

School Rate - 10¢ per person or $1.00 for 20 school days in
September.

1)	With one-hour periods commencing in the High School this
year, the coordinating of the school physical-ed program
with the city swimming pools, seems highly desirable;

2)	We understand that shower and toilet facilities for both
boys and girls at the High School will not be available until
late in the fall so it would seem that a swimming program for
part of this period would be desirable;

3)	Allowing 20 min. to go and return from the school, ten min.
to change; allowing a total of 30 min. for swimming in each
class;

4)	All classes will be supervised by qualified life-guards and
instruction for beginning swimmers will be given;

5)	It is hoped that our Grammar Schools of the city and the High
School as well, will take part in this program during the
month of September.

If the above program is agreeable to the Board, the writer will
so inform the School Superintendent so that plans can be made to
conduct the physical education classes at the city pool.

This seems a very desirable way to keep the pools in operation
after school starts, during the daytime giving the youngsters a
chance to swim at the reduced school rate. The children will already
have their swimming out of the way by 4:00 each afternoon; the pools
can ten be kept open until about 10:00 for adult swimming.

Your favorable consideration of this recommendation is urged.

Respectfully submitted,

/s/ T. E. Fennessy_____________

T. E. Fennessy

TEF:bd	City Manager

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

SWIMMING POOL	Commissioner Baskin moved that the admission fees for swimming at

WESTSIDE	the Westside pool be reduced to fourteen cents for children and

Admission	twenty five cents for adults, effective immediately.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore, and carried by the following 

vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

CHANGE ORDERS	Commissioner Whipple moved that the following change orders be

Nos. 14, 15, 17	approved:

City Jail

	Change Order No. 14 addressed to Ruppert Plumbing Co., as follows:

the 50 ton Turbo-Vac called for shall be changed to a 60 ton com-
pressor water chiller and paraphernalia necessary to gain same end	

as originally desired. All this to be executed at no extra cost or
credit to owner. Dated April 17, 1947.

Change Order No. 15. dated June 23, 1947, to C. B. Bagnall author-
izing him to do the work listed below for the sum stated. Payment
for said work to be made the first of the month, following install-
ation or proportionate installation thereof; A six inch concrete
block filler wall on second floor separating mechanical and records
room from attic area of jail proper. Same shall be installed under
rich mortar. The access opening shall be a 24" x 24" iron bar door
to hang on hinges and be fitted with a heavy duty iron hasp of
stock. The door shall be all-welded construction of 7/8" bars.

Door shall be properly anchored to existing concrete beams and 6"
concrete block wall. $114.00

Change Order No. 17 to C. B. Bagnall, d ted August 20, 1947 

authorizing the installation of two Venetian blinds approximately