281

August 19, 1948

Honorable Mayor and
Board of City Commissioners
City Hall
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Right of Way

Golf' Course Road

Gentlemen:

The City Engineer's Office has requested this Commission to make a recommendation
regarding the ultimate right of way width for Vegas Drive, commonly called the Golf
Course Road, between the Tonopah Highway and the entrance to the Golf Course.

At a regular meeting of the Joint Planning Commission held August 3, 1948, it
was recommended that 80 feet of right of way be acquired, provided no costs are
involved, and that the office of the Commission work to securing that 40 foot lane
North of the City limits line and fronting on Vegas Drive.

Respectfully,

LAS VEGAS — CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

R. E. Singrey /s

R. E. Singrey
Secretary

RES: dm

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved foregoing recommendation be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Baskin.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner
Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until September 8, 1948 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Baskin.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 27, 1948

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	Shirley Ballinger, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
	called to be held in the Office of the Mayor at the War Memorial Building on 27th

of August, 1948 at the hour of 3:30 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Notice of Sale on Bond Issue — $350,000.00 Sewage Disposal System

2.	Proposed Sewer Rental Ordinance - 1st Reading

s/ E. W. Cragin ____________________

E. W. Cragin, Mayor

notice OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor and to C. R. Clark, R. T. Moore, R. T. Baskin, Reed

Whipple, Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day
issued by Mayor Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Office of the Mayor at the War
Memorial Building, 5th & Stewart Streets, on the 27th day of August, 1948 at
the hour of 3:30 P.M. to consider the following matters: