209

RESOLUTION NO. 112	The following Resolution was presented to the Board for their

Re: Disposal Plant	consideration. On motion of Commissioner Whipple seconded by Com-

	missioner Baskin, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution

	was duly adopted:

RESOLUTION NO. 112

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has caused to be made various engineer-
ing studies and surveys leading to the construction of a sewage
treatment plant and various other projects pertaining to sewage or
drainage works in said city, and

WHEREAS, Ralph W. O'Neill, consulting engineer, conducted said studies
and surveys on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, and, on the basis of
his findings therein, prepared plans for the construction of a
sewage treatment plant and the necessary approach outfall sewer per-
taining thereto, and

WHEREAS, the design and specifications of said sewage treatment plant
and approach outfall sewer, as delineated upon said plans, represent
a civic betterment for the City of Las Vegas, now, therefore, be it

RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, at
a regular meeting thereof held on the 20th day of February, 1948,
that the aforesaid plans, prepared by Ralph W. O'Neill, consulting
engineer, and on file in the Office of the City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled "PLANS FOR THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

SEWAGE TREATMENT PLANT. 1938. INCLUDING APPROACH OUTFALL SEWER.", and
consisting of 20 sheets enumerated under the heading of "INDEX OF
DRAWINGS" as shown on said plans, be and the same are hereby accepted,
approved and adopted for the design and specifications of the proposed
sewage treatment plant and approach outfall sewer pertaining thereto
for the City of Las Vegas.

Upon motion of Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner
Baskin the City Manager was directed to forward a copy of Resolution
No. 112 adopting the plan for the disposal plant to the State Board
of Health and to the Federal Works Agency. Motion carried by unanimous
vote.

STREETS AND HIGHWAYS The Board of City Commissioners having read and considered the opinion
VACATION SOUTH SECOND	of the City Attorney relative to the vacation of a portion of South Second

STREET, WYOMING STREET Street and Wyoming Street, and feel that it will be to the best

	interest of the public to grant said vacation. Therefore Commissioner

Clark moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission dated
January 30, 1948 be approved and the City Attorney directed to commence
proceedings for said vacation. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

$350,000.00 Disposal	Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Clerk be directed to notify

PLANT BOND ISSUE	Edward L. Burton and Company to proceed on the $350,000 bond issue

	for the purpose of building a disposal plant as authorized by the

	voters at the Municipal Election held May 6, 1947. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

REPORT OF GRAND JURY Commissioner Baskin moved that the report of the Grand Jury relative
	to the joint use of the city jail by the County and City be filed

	and the City Manager authorized to write a letter to the foreman of

the Grand Jury informing them that the City is willing to cooperate
with the County and will be glad to meet them at any time to discuss
the matter. Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and

His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

STREETS AND HIGHWAYS On motion of Commissioner Baskin duly seconded by Commissioner Clark
R/W ACQUISITION -	and carried unanimously the following Resolution was adopted and order

ALLEY - MAYFAIR AREA, made:

RE: DEED, NATE MACK,

ET AL.	BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of February, 1948 by the Board of Com-

missioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,

	that the deed, dated the 30th day of March, 1946, executed by Nate

Mack, Jennie Mack, F. W. Sharpe, Wretha Sharpe, Allen L. Sharpe and
Florence Sharpe to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby,
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said Deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the
records of this Board.

RE: QUITCLAIM DEED, On motion of Commissioner Baskin, duly seconded by Commissioner Clark,
CLARK COUNTY DAIRY- and carried unanimously the following Resolution was adopted and order
MEN, INC.	made:



BE IT RESOLVED this 20th day of February, 1948 by the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deeds dated the 21st day of January, 1948, executed by Clark
County Dairmen, Incorporated by John F. Lewis, J. B. Robinson, Milton
Rosen, Bernice Rosen, Robert M. Hatton, Anita M. Hatton, Daniel Snyder
and Anna Snyder, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be and is hereby
accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth, and