458

at Law, Denver, Colorado, whose opinion, together with the printed bonds, will be
furnished the successful purchaser without charge.

Respectfully submitted,

WHEELOCK & CUMMINS, INC.

Chicago, Illinois
LUCAS, EISEN & WAECKERLE, INC.

Kansas City, Missouri
GARRETT-BROMFIELD & CO.

Denver, Colorado

By:	s/ Fred F. Barker

NOW, THEREFORE, be it further resolved that there shall be issued and
delivered to the purchasers, their agents or assigns, the $35O,OOO Las Vegas,

Nevada, Sewage Disposal Bonds, Series of July 1, 1949, as soon as legally poss-
ible, upon receipt of the purchase price therefor plus accrued interest from the
date of the bonds to the date of their delivery. Said bonds are to bear interest
as outlined in the bid of the successful bidder.

This resolution shall become effective and be in force immediately
upon its adoption.

Commissioner Peccole seconded the adoption of the foregoing resolution, and the
same on being put to a vote was unanimously carried by the affirmative vote of all
of the Commissioners present, the vote being as follows:

Mayor	E. W. Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioners	Wendell Bunker	"Aye"

Robert T. Moore	"Aye"

William Peccole	"Aye"

Reed Whipple	"Aye"

CERTIFIED CHECK RETURNED

John Nuveen & Co.	Commissioner Whipple moved that the	certified check No. 1701 in the	amount of

	$17,550.00 submitted by John Nuveen	& Company with their bid on the	above mentioned bonds

be returned to their representative Mr. Miles Pelikan.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NOTIFY UNSUCCESSFUL BIDDERS Commissioner Bunker moved that the Nevada Industrial Commission and	the State Board of

ON SEWER BONDS	Finance be notified that their bids	on the $35O,OOO Sewer Bonds, Series July 1, 1949

	were not accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Moore moved that the Minutes of August 22 and August 23, 1949 be approved

by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

		

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that Service	& Material Warrants Nos. 1830, 1832, 1835, 1839,

WARRANTS	1840, 1841 and 1842 in the total amount	of $13,072.32 and Service & Material Warrant No.

	1843 in the total sum of $1,785.36 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized

	to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPLICATION FOR AUCTIONEER Commissioner Peccole moved that the application of Wm. L. Wolfson, Wolfson Jewelry, 104
LICENSE	Fremont Street for Auctioneer's License	be deferred until the Board is supplied with a

Wm. L. Wolfson	complete inventory of the jewelry to be	sold and Mr. Wolfson has met all requirements

stipulated in the Code.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAWNBROKER'S APPLICATION Commissioner Peccole moved that the application of J. D. Bentley, 205 Fremont for a Pawn-
J. D. Bentley	broker's License be held until the next regular meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ELKS' STADIUM  Letters	At this time letters from the Boy Scouts of America, dated August 30, 1949, First Baptist

Regarding Use	Church, dated September 6, 1949, end a copy of the letter of the Las Vegas Elks Lodge #1468

under date of September 2, 1949 addressed to the State Board of Equalization were read to
	the Board. These letters were in regard to the use of Cashman Field - Elks Stadium, and

were ordered filed.

OPINION - Warrants	At this time the opinion of the City Attorney relative to the issuance of interest-bearing

	warrants, payable at a future date by the City was read to the Board. This opinion was

ordered filed.

LAS VEGAS	TAXPAYERS	ASSN. His Honor informed Mr. Charles W. Pipkin,	President of the Las Vegas Taxpayers Association

Request	for	Meeting	that the Board would be glad to meet with	his association as requested in his letter of

	August 29, 1949. Mr. Pipkin was asked to	advise the Board when it would be convenient for

	representatives of his group to meet, and	a meeting would be called.