276

MINUTES	Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of August 6, 1948 regarding the action taken by the

Board relative to the approval of the Final Map of Charleston Square No. 2 be corrected to
	show approval of the Tentative Map of Charleston Square No. 2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the corrected minutes of August 6, 1948 be approved
by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1555 and 1572 to 1579 inclusive and 1581

in the net sum of $25,665.14 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner	Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos.	1571 and 1582 to 1585 inclu-

WARRANTS	sive in the amount of $20,238.64 be approved and the Mayor and	City Clerk authorized to

sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

RESOLUTION — No. 117 At this time	the deed for the streets in the Charleston Square	Subdivisions as shown	on

Charleston Square	the approved	tentative map, between Mastercraft Homes Inc. and	the City of Las Vegas	was

Streets Deeded	presented.

	Commissioner Clark moved that the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of August, 1948 by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 5th day of
August, 1948 executed by Mastercraft Homes, Inc. to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Baskin.

CHARLESTON SQUARE	Commissioner Clark moved that upon	the	recommendation of the Planning Commission as per

No. 2 — Final Map	their letter dated August 5, l948,	the	final map of Charleston Square No. 2 be approved

Approved	subject to the original conditions	set	forth when the tentative map was approved.

Further that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign the agreement between
	the Mastercraft Homes Inc. and the City of Las Vegas relative to the conditions

to be met in this subdivision when said agreement is submitted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Baskin.

CRESTWOOD HOMES	Commissioner Clark moved that the	agreement	between the City of	Las	Vegas	and	Phil

Agreement	Shipley & Associates as Crestwood	Homes Subdivision, said final	map	which	was	ap-

proved at the Board of Commissioners meeting held August 6, 1948 be approved and
	the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Baskin.

WESTWOOD PARK	Commissioner Clark moved that the	agreement	between the City of	Las	Vegas	and	S. M.

Agreement	Pahor, Westwood Park Subdivision said final	map which was approved at the	Board of

Commissioners meeting held August 6, 1948, be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
	authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Baskin.

SALVATION ARMY	At this time Katherine E. Gilbert of the Salvation Army appeared before the Council

Open Air Meeting	and presented a written request dated August 20, 1948, to hold an open air meeting

at 305 Fremont for two nights each week.

Thereafter Mayor Cragin stated that as long as the meetings were held on private
property and the people that congregate were on private property property, there
would be no objection.

AWARD OF BID NO. 48.13 This being the time for the awarding of Bid No. 48.13 for an addressing machine,

Addressing Machine said bids which were opened on August 6, 1948 and referred to the City Manager
	for handling, Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of Carter and Beville for

	one Elliott Addressing Machine in the total amount of $1220.00 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Baskin.