53

WHEREAS, through the enforcement of this act the sum of approximately One
Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00) will be available to the County, of
which Fifty (50) per cent will be available to the City of Las Vegas for street
improvements, and,

WHEREAS, tourists will provide approximately Seventy-five (75) per cent of
the tax so levied and collected under the provisions of said act, and

WHEREAS, many other governing bodies throughout the United States have
resorted to similar taxation to provide their cities with funds for street and road
improvements, and

WHEREAS, under the provisions of this act the County Commissioners may de-
cline to accept the tax provided by the act by the adoption of a resolution passed
prior to the effective date of said act,

NOW THEREFORE, be it resolved by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas regular session that it respectfully urge and request the Board of
County Commissioners of the County of Clark, Nevada, to adopt a resolution to accept
the benefits of said act thus providing the necessary funds to enable the City of
Las Vegas to improve its streets and reads as in said act provided, and be it further

RESOLVED that a copy of this resolution be spread on the minutes of this
board, and a copy of said resolution be sent to the Board of Commissioners of the
County of Clark, and the clerk of this board is so ordered to do.

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 25, 1947

The Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada, met in recessed
regular session, pursuant to due legal notice and call, at the regular meeting
place of said Board in Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 25th day of April, 1947, at
the hour of 2:00 P.M.

The following members of teh Board of City Commissioners were present:
E. W. Cragin	Mayor

R. Baskin	_	Commissioner

C. R. Clark	Commissioner

A. Corradetti	Commissioner

Also present:	Helen Scott Reed	City Clerk

His Honor, E. W. Cragin, called the meeting to order and stated that in
accordance with the provisions of a resolution passed by the Board of City Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on March 7, 1947, that there had been
published in full compliance with law, a notice advertising for sale $100,000.00
general obligation bonds, such notice of sale being as follows: