351



mentioned North line to its intersection with a line distant 90 feet Northerly and measured
at right angles from the aforementioned South line of Pioneer Heights Addition: thence
easterly and parallel with the said South line of Pionner Heights Addition to the point
of beginning.

SAVING AND EXCEPTION therefrom the existing Alley in said Block 27 prolonged to the
center line of Bonneville Street.

be, and the same are hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the meeting
adjourned.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 11, 1949

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 11th day of February, 1949,
was called to order at the hour of 3:00 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following
members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, and Whipple:	City Manager J. M. Murphy, City

Attorney C. Norman Cornwall and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

There appeared before the Board a group of people interested in the approval of the proposed
Nomellini Tract. Discussion was held wherein various members of the group present asked
that the Board approve the tentative map of this tract.

At this time Commissioner Moore left the meeting.

RESOLUTION -No.l3l Commissioner Whipple moved that the following resolution be adopted.

Advertisement for

Bid on Sewer Plant	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on May 6, 1947 at a general election held said date, the electors of the City
of Las Vegas voted the issuance of bonds in the sum of $350,000.00 to finance the construction
of a sewage plant, and

WHEREAS, Emergency Ordinance No. 376 duly adopted by the Board of Commissioners on November 10,
1948, provided for the authorization and issuance of the City of Las Vegas Sewage Disposal Bonds, and

WHEREAS, the said bid for the purchase of bonds was accepted by resolution of the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the 5th day of October, 1948; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has determined and does hereby determine that the notice
for the acceptance of bids for the construction of the Sewage Treatment Plant and Approach
Outfall Sewer be published.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, that the Mayor and City Clerk be, and they are hereby authorized and directed to give
and sign a notice calling for bids for the furnishing of the labor, material, transportation and
service for the construction of a Sewage Treatment Plant and Approach Outfall Sewer, by publishing
a notice once a week for four consecutive weeks by five insertions at weekly intervals in the
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, the official newspaper of the city of Las Vegas, which said notice
shall be in substantially the following form:

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

	SEWAGE TREATMENT PLANT

AND APPROACH OUTFALL SEWER

-ADVERTISEMENT FOR BIDS-

Notice is hereby given that the Board of City Commissioners, Las Vegas, Nevada
will receive bids for furnishing all labor, material, transportation and services for the
construction of a Sewage Treatment Plant and Approach Outfall Sewer located in Clark County
near Las Vegas, Nevada, each bid to be in accordance with plans, specifications, and other
contract documents now on file with the City Clerk at the City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada,
where they may be examined and copies obtained upon deposit of Forty Dollars ($40.00) per
set, which deposit will be refunded upon the return of such copies in good condition within
five days after the bids are opened.

Bidders are hereby notified that pursuant to Chapter 7, Statutes of Nevada, 1933
and Chapter 139, Statutes of Nevada, 1937, not less than the specified wage rates are to
be paid.