154

RESOLUTION	Commissioner Baskin moved that the Resolution authorizing Board

EMERGENCY LOAN	of City Commissioners, City of LAS Vegas to make temporary emergency

	loan be approved and copied into the Minutes of this meeting, as

follows:

STATE BOARD OF FINANCE
Meeting held October 24, 1947.

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS, CITY
OF LAS VEGAS TO LAKE TEMPORARY EMERGENCY LOAN.

WHEREAS, It being made to appear to the satisfaction of the
State Board of Finance, duly called and met in session under and
pursuant to the provisions of that certain Act of the
Legislature of Nevada entitled "An Act Regulating the Fiscal
Management of Counties, Cities, Towns, School Districts and
other Governmental Agencies," approved March 22, 1917, as amended,
that a great necessity or emergency has arisen in the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that necessity
now exists for authorizing the obtaining of a temporary loan by
and on the part of the Board of City Commissioners, City of Las
Vegas for the purpose of meeting such emergency as expressed
in and shown by the preamble and resolution unanimously adopted
at a meeting of said Board of City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas
duly called and held on the 15th day of October, 1947 authorizing
a temporary loan for the purpose set forth in said Resolution,
a duly certified copy of which is now on file and of record in the
office of the State Board of Finance; and

WHEREAS, it further appearing that notice of intention to adopt
said emergency resolution was duly published according to law;
therefore, be it

RESOLVED, By the State Board of Finance, that said act and
resolution of said Board of City Commissioners, City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, authorizing a temporary
loan of Eighty Thousand dollars ($80,000.00) as in said resolution
set forth and authorized, be and the same is hereby approved;
and be it further

RESOLVED, That a duly certified copy of this resolution be
transmitted by the Secretary of the State Board of Finance
to said Board of city Commissioners, City of Las Vegas in order
that Board of City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas, as
provided by Law.

I, Grant L. Robison, certify that I am the duly authorized and
acting Secretary of the State Board of Finance and that the
foregoing is a full, true, and correct copy of a resolution
duly adopted by unanimous vote of the State Board of finance
at a meeting held on the 24th day of October, 1947.

Dated this 24th day of October, 1947.

____________Grant L. Robison________________

Secretary of the State Board of Finance.

The foregoing motion was seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Clark and Moore.

Commissioner Baskin moved that certified copies of the Minutes
of September 29th and October 15th and 27th be forwarded to the
Bank of Nevada, First National Bank; covering that portion
relating to the emergency loan, and to any other prospective
bidders.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Clark and Moore.

ATTEST:	approved:

City Clerk

mayor