331

e.	Valley gutters six (6) feet in width of concrete construction as
designated by City Engineer.

f.	Street trees - If planted by the developer, shall be of hardy, uniform
variety, approved by the City of Las Vegas, planted along all streets
at intervals of not less nor more than forty (4O) ft. (except where
such interval may be varied due to driveways, etc.).

g.	City Engineer to approve all profiles, cross sections and construction
specification.

2.	Sidewalks

To be installed throughout the entire tract on all frontage.

3.	Lots

All of the lots included shall be designated R-l, Single Family Use, with a minimum total
area of seven thousand (7,000) square feet and a minimum width of frontage of sixty (60)
feet.

4. Easements

Uniform and continuous easements to be required at all rear lot lines for utilities service.
5. Utilities

All lots improved shall be served with:

a.	Adequate public domestic water supply, including fire hydrants for fire protection -
Fire Chief to approve location and kind.

b.	Sanitary sewer - City system.

c.	Electricity - Street lighting as required by City Electrician.

d.	The subdivider or developer shall furnish statements from the utilities with which
agreements have been made to service the tract, certifying that said utilities will
furnish the services necessary.

The installation of improvements is to comply with specifications and standards of the
City of Las Vegas.

Approval of the final subdivision map shall not be made until all street profiles, cross sec-
tions, grading plans and architectural arrangements of housing units are submitted to and ap-
proved by the City Departments concerned.

It is further recommended that the owner of this subdivision shall concurrently, with the
approval of the final subdivision map by the Board of City Commissioner, enter into an agree-
ment with the City, agreeing to complete improvements designated. If the designated improve-
ments have not been completed within an agreed period of time, an extension may be authorized
at the discretion of the Board, or the Board shall cause such improvements to be completed
in accordance with the terms of the aforesaid agreement. Such agreement should be secured
by a good and sufficient performance bond or other negotiable guarantee, in an amount not
to exceed the cost of the improvement and approved by the Board of City Commissioners.

Any application for the release of any such bond or guarantee shall be accompanied by a
certificate by the City Engineer, stating that all required improvements have been satis-
factorily completed in accordance with the terms of said agreement and no such bond or
guarantee should be released or returned until such certificate shall first have been filed
with the Board of City Commissioners.

Your approval of this tentative map, together with a stipulation for improvements and other
requirements, will be the basis for a final record map and notice to the subdivider of those
things to be demanded of him in connection with the approval of the final subdivision map.

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the recommendations of the Planning Commission rela-
tive to Stockwick Park Subdivision and tentative subdivision map be approved with the stipula-
tion that all streets going east be established at a 36 foot minimum paving width from curb to
curb.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MARYLAND TRACT	Commissioner Whipple moved the	recommendation of the Planning Commission dated December 6, 1948

RE-SUBDIVISION	relative to the re—subdivision	of portions of Pioneer Heights and the Wardie Addition involving

Lots 25, 26, and 27 of Pioneer	Heights and Block 22 of the Wardie Addition be approved subject

	to the approval of the City Manager.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TRANSITIONS —	Commissioner Baskin moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission relative to transi-

10th & Charleston	tions at 10th Street and Charleston Boulevard and the east city limits be referred to the City

East City Limits	Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

R/W  South "A" St. Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission relative to the

	acquiring of a forty foot strip of land for the extension of "A" Street south from Oakey

Boulevard, be approved.