85

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
JUNE 6, 1947

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on June 6, 1947. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada met in
regular session at the City Hall in the Council Chamber of the War Memorial Building at
2:00 o'clock P.M. on June 6, 1947. Meeting was called to order by the Mayor and upon
roll call those present and absent were as follows:

PRESENT	ABSENT

E. W. Cragin, Mayor	None

Commissioner C. R. Clark

Commissioner R. T. Baskin

Commissioner Robert Moore

Commissioner Reed Whipple

Geo. O. Treem, Acting City Manager

City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall

City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed

The presiding officer declared that a quorum was present.

MINUTES	Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of May 8, 9, 14, 16, 26 and

	27 be approved by reference with the exception of that certain motion

on May 14 wherein the City Attorney was directed to appeal the Carpenter

case from the Municipal Court to the District Court and upon being

informed by the City Attorney that the City could not appeal this case

to the District Court that said motion be rescinded. And further that

that certain motion dated May 22 relative to the approval of the tentative

map of El Rancho Verde be rescinded and the Mayor and City Clerk were authorized

to sign said Minutes, as amended.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS Commissioner Clark moved	that	Payroll Claims	Nos.	1170	and	1174 to	1178

inclusive in the net sum	of $26,993.30 be	approved	and	the	Mayor and

	City Clerk authorized to	sign	same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin: and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.

SERVICE &	Commissioner Clark moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 1181

MATERIAL	to 1184 inclusive in the sum of $24,689.07 be approved and the Mayor and

WARRANTS	City Clerk authorized to	sign	same.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following

vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

	aye. Noes, none.

CAA LEASE --— Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized
#253/52.26,	to sign CAA Lease #253/52.26, C6CA-2622 covering a lease between the

C6ca -2622	City of Las Vegas and the United States Government for lease of a room

in the Administration Building at McCarran Field for the period beginning
	July 1, 1947 and ending June 30, 1948.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.

SIGNAL OIL	Commissioner Whipple moved that the Signal Oil Company be granted a

COMPANY -	thirty day extension of time from this date June 6, 1947 in which to

extension of  remove their bulk plant located at 8th & Fremont.
time for re-
moval of bulk Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
plant	vote. Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.

RESOLUTION—	The following resolution was introduced by Commissioner Baskin, read in

Re: Housing	full and considered:

Authority of

City of Las	R E S 0 L U T I 0 N

Vegas

	RESOLUTION DECLARING A NEED FOR A HOUSING AUTHORITY

IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

BE IT RESOLVED BY THE CITY COUNCIL OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA:

That the City Council of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada hereby determines, finds and
declares in pursuance of Chapter 253 of the 1947 Statutes of the State of Nevada;

1.	That dwelling accommodations are occupied in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, which
are unsafe or unsanitary; and

2.	That there is a shortage of	__

 	safe or sanitary dwelling accommodations in the City

of Las Vegas, Nevada available to veterans and other persons of low income at rentals
they can afford.

3.	That there is a need for a housing authority to function in the City of Las Vegas

Nevada.	

4. That this Resolution shall become effective immediately upon passage and approval