550

Commissioner Peccole moved that Senator Pat McCarran be notified of the foregoing
action and requested to have this matter made a part of the Congressional Records,
in accordance with his statements to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners

Bunker and Whipple.

——0O0———

Commissioner Moore moved a resolution be adopted authorizing the City to enter into
a lease with Nellis Air force Base for use of a right-of-way in the east portion of
Section 33, T 19 S, R 62 E, Clark County, Nevada, and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign said lease.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting ayes; noes, none.

-------aOo---------

RESOLUTION 176

Commissioner Moore moved the Board accept the decontrol of rent in the City of Las Vegas
and the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS a Petition to decontrol rents in the City of Las Vegas was filed with the City
Commissioners of this City on the 21st day of July, 1950, and

WHEREAS it is alleged that there no longer exists in the City of Las Vegas such a shortage of
rental housing accommodations as to require rent control in said City, and

WHEREAS notice of the date, time, place and purpose of a public hearing was published in a
newspaper of general circulation published and circulated in the City of Las Vegas on the 26th
day of July, and the 1st and 8th days of August, 1950, and

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas held a public hearing at the time, date and place for the
purpose set forth in such notice of publication, and

WHEREAS at such public hearing all interested persons were given a reasonable opportunity
to be heard, with the right to be represented by counsel; and

WHEREAS the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, having duly considered all
the evidence presented at such hearing and taken the same under advisement,

NOW THEREFORE the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas does hereby find and
resolve as follows: That there no longer exists in the City of Las Vegas such a shortage

of rental housing accommodations as to require rent control in such City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

——oOo———-
RESOLUTION 177

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution be adopted, and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas just recently completed the construction of a Sewage Disposal
Plant, and

WHEREAS, fourteen (14) second-feet of water wastes from the said Sewage Disposal Plant, and

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 76, Chapter 140, Statutes of Nevada 1913, the City of Las Vegas
has the right to apply for the use of such water, and

WHEREAS, it has been determined by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
that it is to the best interests of said city to apply for the said water,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
that the Mayor and the City Clark be and they are hereby authorized to sign the application
for permit.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED THAT the City Clark be and is hereby directed to transmit the said
application by nail to the Office of the State Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.