437

extent of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of H, E. Piner, filed with the Clerk
of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which Notice is
attached to said affidavit, was posted on the 27th day of June, 1949, in the manner
prescribed by said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for vacation
and the recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having heard
evidence in support of said Petition and recommendation and no evidence in opposition
thereto having been offered;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the tracts or parcels
of land proposed to be vacated are no longer required for the public use and convenience
that said vacation will inure to the benefit of the City of Las Vegas and is necessary
for and by reasons of the public interest and convenience, and that the public will not
be materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described tracts or parcels of land
situate in Church Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, as
shown on plat thereof on file in Book 2 of plats on page 7, Clark County, Nevada re-
cords. All tracts or parcels lying entirely in the Southeast one-quarter (SE 1/4) of
Section 35, Township 20 South, and Range 61 East, of the Mount Diablo Base and Meridian,
and being more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

PARCEL NO.	1:	All	the alleys in Block	1 of said Church Addition.

PARCEL NO.	2:	All	the alleys in Block	2 of said Church Addition.

PARCEL NO.	3:	All	of Park Street, now	known as Ogden Avenue, from	the east-

erly boundary of Church Avenue, now known as 18th Street, to
the westerly boundary of Mills Avenue as shown on Plat of said
Church Addition.

PARCEL NO. 4:	A strip of land, 5 feet in width, the northerly boundary of

which is the northerly boundary of Sunrise Street, now known
as Sunrise Avenue, and extending from the easterly boundary
Of Church Avenue, now known as 18th Street, to the westerly
boundary of Mills Avenue, of said Church Addition.

and, certain tracts or parcels of land lying and being situate in the Noblitt Addition
to the City of Las Vegas, amended Plat of which is recorded in Book 2 of Plats, Page 15,
Clark County, State of Nevada, all tracts or parcels lying entirely in the Southeast one-
quarter of Section 35, Township 20 South, and Range 61 East of the Mount Diablo Base and
Meridian, and being more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

PARCEL NO. 1: All of Mills Avenue from the Southerly boundary of Ash Street,
now known as Stewart Avenue, to the northerly boundary of Sun-
rise Street, now known as Sunrise Avenue of said Noblitt Addit-
ion.

PARCEL NO. 2:	All of Stewart Street, now known as Ogden Avenue, from the east-

erly boundary of Mills Avenue to a line between the southeast
comer of Lot1, Block 4, and the northeast comer of Lot 26,

Block 2 of said Noblitt Addition.

PARCEL NO. 3: A strip of land, 5 feet in width, the northerly boundary of

which is the northerly boundary of Sunrise Street, now known as
Sunrise Avenue, and extending from the westerly boundary of Mills
Avenue to the easterly line, produced southerly, of Lot 1, Block
2 of said Noblitt Addition,

be, and the same are hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS Commissioner Moore moved that the application of Nate Burger, 117 Fremont for a Retail

Restaurant Beverage license for the third quarter of 1949 be granted.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Peccole moved that all applications for gaming and liquor licenses for the
third quarter of 1949 be tabled until Commissioner Whipple returns from vacation and there
is a full Board present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

GAMING APPLICATIONS Commissioner Moore moved that the application of Vegas Enterprises, Helen's Spic and Span,

931 Fremont for one slot machine for the third quarter of 1949 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Peccole moved that the application of M. I. Horgen, Twin Lakes Farm, Tonopah
	Highway, for the operation of one slot machine under the same conditions as the other app-

lication for slot machine license was granted on July 7, 1949.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and curried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Moore. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, Commissioner Peccole moved
that the meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.