15 

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

POLICE STATION	The following Change Order No. 8 was submitted to the Board for their

Change Order No.	approval:

Rough wire glass as requested by the police Dept, for all Windows adjacent to tanks,
cell, dormitories, kitchens, etc.

$2,135.00

Credit on plain	1,565.00

glass Extra	$	570.00

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the foregoing Change Order No.8
Be approved:

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following

vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes

none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

POLICE STATION	The following Change Order No. 9 was presented to the Board for their

Change Order No.9 		approval.

Change 16 Fluorescent light fixtures from flush ceiling fixtures to surface mounted
units. This change occurs in the corridor to the Administrative wing and under the
entire second floor area. This change is necessitated because the concrete floor
joists interfere with installation as shown on the drawings. No extra or credit is
granted for this change.

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing Change Order No. 9 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

POLICE STATION	The following Change order No. 10 was presented to the Board for

Change Order No. 10 	their approval.

First of month following installation:

The R. C. A. Equipment called for in specifications, shall be replaced by Operadio-
Flexifone Intercommunication System. Note:	R. C. A. Equipment is not being manufactured

yet.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the foregoing Change Order No. 10
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
	vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes

none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time Commissioner Corradetti moved that this meeting recess until 10 A. M. Monday,	

February 10, 1947.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

ATTEST:	APPROVED

City Clerk	Mayor

February 10
1 9	4 7

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 10th day of February, 1947. Meeting called to order at
the hour of 10:30 a.m. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark;

City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.
Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti and City Attorney, C. Norman

Cornwall.

RESOLUTION -Re:	The following resolution was presented to the Board for their con-

WESTERN UNION Pole Lines sideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the State of Nevada, Department of Highways, agreed in their letter
dated February 3, 1947, as follows:

"(a) To arrange with the lessees of the Railroad Company for the release from the
leases of all arrangements required for the construction of said highway and to assume
all cost of relocating any facilities or structures of said lessees which may require
such relocation due to the construction of said highway;"

(b) The State will present a Service Agreement satisfactory to the railroad company
and to the Public Roads Administration providing for the inclusion of the project at
the curb line of the Western Union Pole Line referred to in Section 2c of the rail-
road agreement,- it being understood that the City will stand the expenses of any costs
that are determined by the Public Roads Administration to be not includable in the cost
of the project in accordance with their General Administrative Memorandum No. 299, and
also that the City will reimburse tne State for the State's share of the costs of the