580

——————oOo—————

RESOLUTION 230

whereas, Robert T. "Bob" Moore has faithfully and untiringly served the City of Las
Vegas as one of its City Commissioners during the years from 1947 until 1951, and

WHEREAS, Robert T. "Bob" Moore has contributed much time and effort to the develop-
ment, management and improvement of the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, Robert T. "Bob* Moore during his service as a City Commissioner participated
in many worthwhile projects and reforms that insured the progress and development of the
said City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, Robert T. "Bob" Moore by faithfully performing his duties, has assured
the progress and growth of the City of Las Vegas, and the health and welfare of its citi-
zens has been improved by his effective effort.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of las Vegas,
Nevada, at a regular meeting thereof, held on the 29th day of May, 1951, at said City,
by this resolution, express its gratitude and appreciation to Robert T. "Bob" Moore for
his efforts in obtaining these results, and thereby insuring to the citizens of Las Vegas,
Nevada, the future growth and development of the said City, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she hereby is directed to spread
a copy of this resolution on the minutes of the books of the said City, and

BE IT ALSO FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby directed to
send a copy of this resolution to the Honorable Robert T. "Bob" Moore.

s/C.D. Baker
Mayor

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger_________________________

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Moore
passed their votes.

—oOo——-
RESOLUTION 231

on motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Peccole, and carried
unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of June, 1951, by the board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated 5th day of June,
1951, executed by Louie and Gertrude Du Bois to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes and intentions as therein sat forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that A copy of this Resolution be attached to said dead,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

———oOo———

RESOLUTION 232

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried un-
animously , the following resolution was adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 13th day of June 1951, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Laa Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 24th day of
April, 1951, executed by Pauline Kline to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the real proparty described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State, of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.