409

PROPOSED VACATION -	Commissioner Bunker moved that the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission

Portion South 9th	contained in their letter dated June 6, 1949 relative to the proposed vacation of a	

	portion of South 9th Street between Lewis and Clark Avenue be approved. Further, that

the City Attorney be instructed to commence proceedings for the aforementioned vacation
and the City Clerk authorized to post notices of a public hearing on the proposed vaca-
tion to be held July 12, 1949 at the hour of 3:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS At this time the following applications for liquor licenses for the second quarter of 1949
/	were presented to the Board for their consideration:

a) 2nd Quarter - New

Chris P. Tsouras	The Casbah

Abe & Robert Kroloff	The Lucky Strike Bar

Catherine & John P. Horden The Westerner
Raymond Salmon	Boulder Liquor Tavern

J. S. Pappas	The Western Club

Eldon Jones & R. D.

Bingham	Modem Market

Syl Gregory	First Street Liquor

Ruth Lafer	B & H Market

Thomas A. Oakey	Huntridge Theatre Bldg

George G. Fortson	Westside Liquor Store

Harvey Jones	Westside Shopping Center

b)	2nd Quarter - Renewal - New Owner

Walter G. Abies	Nevada Biltmore

c)	2nd Quarter - Additional
Golden Nugget Partnership Golden Nugget

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved that consideration of the foregoing applications
be deferred until the regular meeting of the Board on June 22, 1949, in order that the
new members of the Board would have an opportunity to know more about existing ordinances,
applications, etc.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Moore moved that the application of the Las Vegas Club, a partnership, 6

Las Vegas Club Additional Fremont Street for 12 slot machines, 2 crap tables, 1 "21" table, 1 Bingo (200 Chairs),

1 Race Horse Keno, additional gaming for the second quarter of 1949, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS At this time the following new applications for gaming licenses for the second quarter of
NEW	1949 were presented to the Board for their consideration:

J. Kell Houssels	Sal Sagev Hotel Tavern

Robert Testolin &	Cinnabar

James Fare

Catherine & John P.	The Westerner

Horden

J. S. Pappas	Western Club

Chris P. Tsouras

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved that consideration of the foregoing applications be
deferred until June 22, 1949.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION - Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of C. H. Elstner, Las Vegas Liquor Store
Las Vegas Liquor Store for a Sealed Package (Mina.) Liquor license for the second quarter of 1949 be held

pending a completed recommendation from the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION - Limitation Commissioner Peccole moved that the resolution heretofore adopted on February 11, 1949
on Slot Machines	placing a limit on the number of slot machines to be granted to establishments other

	than gambling establishments or arcades, be an order of business at the regular meeting

of the Board on June 22, 1949.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.