144

NOTICE OF SALE OF Commissioner Clark moved that the City Clerk be instructed to have
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal for five publications
NEVADA, POLICE STA- on September 30, 1947. October 7, 14, 21 & 28 the following notice of
TION BONDS, 1947, sale of City of Las Vegas, Nevada Police Station Bonds, 1947, Series
Series A	A, $125,000.00 October 1, 1947.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the City of Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada will on the
29th day of October, 1947, at 3:30 o'clock P.M., at the City Office in Las Vegas, Nevada,
offer for sale the following described general obligation bonds of said City:

City of Las Vegas Police Station bonds, 1947, Series A, dated October 1, 1947,

in the aggregate principal amount of $125,000.00, numbered from 1 to 125, both	

inclusive, in the denomination of $1,000.00 on October 1, 1948, and $6,000.00 on

October 1st in each of the years 1949 to 1967, both inclusive; bonds numbered

36 to 125, both inclusive, maturing on the first day of October in each of the	

years 1953 to 1967, both inclusive, being subject to redemption in inverse numerical

order at the option of the City on the first day of October, 1952, or on any

interest payment date thereafter upon the payment of the principal amount thereof

and accrued interest to the redemption date, and all of said bonds bearing interest

at a rate not to exceed three per centum per annum, payable semi-annually on the

first days of April and October in each year, both principal and interest being	

payable at the office of the City Treasurer, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Bidders are required to submit a bid specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest and
premium, if any, above par at which the bidder will purchase said bonds; or (b) the lowest
rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase said bonds at par. The bonds will be
sold to the bidder making the best bid, subject to the right of the corporate authorities
of the City of Las Vegas to reject any and all bids and re-advertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest, nor will any
discount or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds. All bids shall be
sealed and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be accompanied by a deposit of
five per cent, either cash or certified check, of the amount of the bid, which will be
returned if the bid is not accepted; and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect
to complete the purchase of said bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his
bid, the amount of his deposit shall be forfeited to the City of Las Vegas, and, in that
event, the corporate authorities of said City may accept the bid of the one making the
next best bid, or if all bids are rejected, such authorities may re-advertise such bonds
for sale. If there be two or more equal bids and such bids are the best bids received,
and are not less than par and accrued interest, the corporate authorities will determine
which bid shall be accepted.

The legality of the bonds will be approved by Messrs, Pershing, bosworth, Dick and
Dawson, Attorneys at Law, Denver, Colorado, whose opinion, together with the printed bonds,
will be furnished the purchaser without charge.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 29th day of September, A. D. 1947.	

E. W. CRAGIN
Mayor

(SEAL)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Moore.

TAVERN LICENSE	Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Louis R. Schway for the

ESQUIRE BAR	transfer of the license of the Esquire Bar to Brandhorst, Inc. be granted

	provided Mr. Brandhorst is a legal resident of the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote*
Commissioner Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time,
Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until October the 7th
at the hour of 2:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk	Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 7, 1947

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 7th
day of October, 1947. Meeting called to order by His honor Mayor E.

W. Cragin at the hour of 2:00 P.M. with the following members present:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore & Whipple; City manager J. M. Murphy;
and City Clerk helen Scott Reed. Absent:	C: Norman Cornwall, City

Attorney.