134

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing
Ordinance:

Mayor	E.	W.	Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner	R.	T.	Baskin	"Aye"

Commissioner	Rob't	T. Moore	"Aye"

Commissioner	C.	R.	Clark	"Aye"

Commissioner	Reed Whipple	"Aye"

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

None.

E. W. Cragin_______

Mayor

Attest:

Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

(SEAL)

It was then moved by Commissioner Baskin and seconded by Commissioner
Clark, that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended,
the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting, be and
the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final
passage and adoption of said ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension
of the rules, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting aye:

Mayor	E. W. 	Cragin

Commissioner	R. T.	Baskin

Commissioner	Rob't. T. Moore

Commissioner	C. R.	Clark

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Those voting Nay:

None

All members of the Board of Commissioners having voted in favor of
said motion, the Mayor declared said motion carried and the rules sus-
pended.

Commissioner Baskin, then moved that said ordinance heretofore
introduced and read in full at this meeting, be now placed upon its
passage.

Commissioner Clark seconded the motion, and the question upon the
placing of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the
following result:

Those voting aye:

Mayor	E.	W. 	Cragin

Commissioner	R.	T.	Baskin

Commissioner	Rob't. T. Moore

Commissioner	C.	R.	Clark

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Those Voting Nay:

None.

The Mayor declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed
upon its passage.

Commissioner Clark then moved that said ordinance be passed and
adopted as read.

Commissioner Baskin seconded the motion.

The question being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance,
the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting Aye:

Mayor	E.	W.	Cragin

Commissioner	R.	T.	Baskin

Commissioner	Rob't. T. Moore

Commissioner	C.	R.	Clark

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Those voting Nay:	None.

The Mayor thereupon declared that all the commissioners elected
having voted in favor thereof, the said motion was carried and the said
Ordinance duly passed and adopted.

On motion duly adopted, it was ordered that said ordinance be numbered
338 and after approval by the Mayor, shall be published as in said Ordinance
designated, and shall be recorded according to law.

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed	E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	(Seal)	Mayor