102

retail package liquor license at 610 Fremont be transferred from
the name of El Cortez Hotel, Inc. to Bruce Kilpatrick. The City
Clerk is authorized to issue such licenses when proof of transfer has
been filed in her office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

be granted

HANGOUT CAFE	Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Herbert Ward for

Herbert E. Ward	transfer of the retail beverage license heretofore issued to Chester

	Pate at the Hangout Cafe, 807 South Main Street be issued to Mr. Ward.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

ZONE EXCEPTION CASE	The following recommendation from the Joint Planning Commission dated

No. 30 - A. McKinley	July 3, 1947 was presented to the Board for their consideration:

Lot 7 & 8, Block 11

Ladd Addition	

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners	

War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Zone Exception Case #30

A. McKinley
Lots 7 & 8, Block 11
Ladd Addition

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your Honorable Board adopt an order approv-
ing the recommendation of the Joint Planning Commission that the above petitioner be
granted permission to use the property indicated above for LIMITED MULTIPLE DWELLING
USE as described below. Such property is located on the north east corner of South
Thirteenth Street and Bridger Street, in Residence Zone #1, as legally described in the
Petition for exception, a copy of which is on file in the Office of the Planning Com-
mission. This property is included in an area which is being redistricted as a limited
multiple dwelling district under the Land Use Plan.

It is further recommended that your order include the following provisions:

1.	USE

That the property described be used only for limited multiple residential
dwellings, subject to the limitations hereinafter specifically set forth:

2.	COVERAGE

The maximum coverage permitted under this use shall not exceed four dwelling
units (one-family) each per lot as platted, or one dwelling per each one
thousand seven hundred fifty (1,750) square feet of lot area.

3.	BUILDING HEIGHT LIMIT

The maximum building height shall be two stories.

4.	YARD REQUIRED

A.	No building shall be erected closer than twenty (20) feet to the front
property line of any lot fronting on Thirteenth Street.

B.	There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than
ten percent of the width of the lot.

C.	There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty (20) feet in depth.

5.	DWELLING GROUPS

In the event dwelling groups are to be erected, plot plan shall first be
submitted to the Planning Commission for compliance with regulations for
such use permitted in such property.

6.	PROVISIONS FOR STORAGE OF AUTOMOBILE

There shall be provided at the time of the construction of any dwelling
units hereafter erected, minimum permanently maintained off-street parking
accommodations, with adequate provisions for ingress as follows:	There	

shall be provided private automobile storage space, located on the same
lot or parcell of land, with a capacity for not less than one car for each
dwelling unit.

7.	BUILDING AND PLOT PLANS

It is not intended by the granting of this exception to interfere with,
abridge, abrogate, or annul any private covenants, deed restrictions or
other agreements between parties effecting the lands concerned.

This petition involving property legally described therein and classified in
Residence Zone #1 was presented to and reviewed by members of the Joint Planning Com-
mission on July 1, 1947. After consideration of all factual data. before members of the
Commission, it was determined that the exception here recommended under the conditions
set forth was consistent with the intent and purposes of of the City Zoning Ordinance and
amendments thereto now being prepared.

Respectfully submitted,

LAS VEGAS * CLARK COUNTY JOINT PLANNING
By. C. G. Petrie.