180

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed	E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner
Baskin that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended,
the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be and the
same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage
and adoption of said ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension
of the rules the roll call was made with the following result:

Mayor	E. W. Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner	R. T. Baskin	"Aye"

Commissioner	Robert T. Moore	"Aye"

Commissioner	C. R. Clark	"Aye

Commissioner	Reed Whipple	"Aye"

Nays:	None.	

All members of the Board of Commissioners having voted in favor of said
motion, the Mayor declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Clark then moved that said Ordinance heretofore intro-
duced and read in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion and the question being upon the
placing of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with
the following result:

Mayor	E. W. Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner	R. T Baskin	"Aye"

Commissioner	Robert T. Moore	"Aye"

Commissioner	C. R Clark	"Aye"

Commissioner	Reed-Whipple	"Aye"

Nays:	None

The Mayor declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon
its passage.

then

Commissioner Whipple moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted
as read.

Commissioner Clark seconded the motion. The question being upon
passage and adoption of said ordinance the roll was called with the
following result:

Those voting Aye:

Mayor	E.	W.	Cragin

Commissioner	R.	T.	Baskin

Commissioner	Robert T. Moore

Commissioner	C.	R.	Clark

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Those voting Nay:

None.

All members of the Board of Commissioners having voted in favor of
said motion, the Mayor declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Baskin then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced
and read in full at this meeting, be now placed upon its passage.

Commissioner Moore seconded the motion, on the question upon the placing
of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the following
result:

Those voting Aye:	

Mayor	E.	W.	Cragin	

Commissioner	R.	T	Baskin

Commissioner	Robert T. Moore

Commissioner	C.	R.	Clark

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Those voting Nay:

None.

The Mayor thereupon declared that all the commissioners elected having
voted in favor thereof, the said motion was carried and the said ordinance
duly passed and adopted.

On motion duly adopted, it was ordered that said ordinance be numbered
341, and after approval by the Mayor, shall be published as in said
ordinance designated, and shall be recorded according to law.

Attest:	Helen Scott Reed	E. W. Cragin

City clerk	Mayor

(Seal)

Emergency Ordinance No. 341 copied into City of Las Vegas Commission
Minute Book No. 6).

Helen Scott Reed.

City Clerk