434

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS Commissioner Moore moved that the application of Thomas A. Oakey, Maryland Parkway

and Charleston Boulevard for a Sealed Package (Mina.) Liquor License for the third
Thomas A. Oakey	quarter of 1949 be denied.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Hate Mack	Commissioner Moore moved that the request of J. Kell Houssels to transfer his retail

tavern liquor license to Hate Mack. 19-24 Fremont be approved.

	At this time His Honor called for a second to this motion. There being none, His Honor

asked that some member of the Board take the Chair so that he could second this motion.

Commissioner Peccole took the Chair.

Mayor Cragin seconded Commissioner Moore's motion. There was no vote taken.

Mr. Nate Mack then requested that no action be taken on his application for Retail
Tavern Liquor License for the third quarter of 1949 until next week.

Commissioner Moore moved that the foregoing request of Mr. Mack be granted.

Motion seconded by His Honor Mayor Cragin and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

At this time Mayor Cragin returned to the Chair.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Helen Burke, Helen's, 931 Fremont for a
Retail Restaurant Beverage license for the third quarter of 1949 be granted.



Motion seconded ty Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

RESIGNATION OF CITY	Commissioner Moore moved that	the	resignation	of	J. M. Murphy,	City	Manager	be	held	in

MANAGER	abeyance until Commissioner Whipple returns from	his vacation.

	This motion lost for lack of a second.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved that the resignation of J. M. Murphy, City Manager,
effective August 1, 1949 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and lost with the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker and Peccole voting aye; noes, Commissioner Moore and His Honor. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

TAXI APPLICATION	Commissioner Moore moved that	the	application	for taxi license	for	the	third	quarter	of

Wm. B. Lyons	1949 of Wm. B. Lyons, Checker	Cab	Corporation	be	allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Bunker moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 1825-13, 1825-14, 1825-15,

WARRANTS	and 1825-16 in the total amount of $240.00 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk author-

ized to sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole , and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

WATER SHORTAGE	Commissioner Peccole moved that a letter be written to the Public Service Commission re-

questing a report of their findings relative to the shortage of water in the City.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

LAS VEGAS CODE	Commissioner Peccole moved that a copy of the Las Vegas Code be sent to the Las Vegas Public

Copies to Libraries Library and the Las Vegas High school Library.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner Peccole
moved that this meeting recess till July 26, 1949 at the hour of 3:00 P.M.

Motion seconded ty Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Mayor

City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 26, 1949

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 26th day of July, 1949,
was called to order by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 3:00 P.M. with the following
members present: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole; City Manager J. M. Murphy, City Attorney
Howard W. Cannon and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.