169

WHEREAS, by reason of his familiarity with municipal law and the legal
matters and problems now facing the City of Las Vegas, he could be of
greater service in the City Attorney's Office and to the government of
said City, if he were an attorney admitted to practice law in this State
and authorized to appear at the meetings of the Board of Commissioners
of said City, during the enforced and unavoidable absences of the City
Attorney, and advise it on legal matters and problems, confronting it,
and

WHEREAS, the services he would be permitted to perform as an attorney
in the City Attorney's office, acting for on behalf of said City, would
benefit said City appreciably, and be of particular value in facilitating
the expeditious disposition of the increased volume of legal work in the
City Attorney's office, and

WHEREAS, this Board is confident that, if admitted as an attorney, he
will continue in the service of the city government and conscientiously
and efficiently perform and discharge the duties assigned to him by the
City Attorney, and

WHEREAS, this Board is further confident that by reason of his excellent
moral character and reputation, he will be a credit to the legal profession
and the community if admitted as an attorney in this State, now, there-
fore, be it

RESOLVED, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, in session this 26th day of November, 1947, that it
respectfully request and urge the Honorable Supreme Court of the State
of Nevada and the Board of Bar Examiners of the State of Nevada to re-
consider the aforesaid application of S. George Gilson for admission
as an attorney in the State of Nevada with a view of determining whether
the papers submitted by him on the examination aforesaid merit the
additional 1.8% needed by him to attain the passing grade of 75% on
said examination, and upon such reconsideration that his application
for admission be granted if such passing grade is attained, and be it
further

RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to forward
a copy of this resolution to the Honorable Supreme Court of the State
of Nevada and to the Board of Bar Examiners of the State of Nevada.

There being no further business to come before this Special Meeting
the meeting adjourned.

ATTEST:_

City clerk	Mayor

APPROVED:

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
December 5, 1947

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held this 5th day of December, 1947. Meeting called to order
by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2:00 P.M. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Clark, Whipple and City Clerk Helen Scott

Reed. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Moore. City Attorney, C.

Norman Cornwall. City Manager, J. M. Murphy.

At this time Commissioner Whipple moved that the meeting adjourn until
2:00 P.M. Monday, December 8, 1947.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED

City clerk	Mayor



Las Vegas, Nevada
December 8, 1947

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
8th day of December, 1947. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor
E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2:00 P.M. with the following members present:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple , City Manager J. M. Murphy,

City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

REQUEST FOR	At this time Mr. J. G. Cope, Esquire appeared before the Board with reference

VACATION OF LAND	to his former request relative to the vacation of certain property on

BY J. G. COPE,	Wyoming and 2nd Streets and discussed the opinion of the City Attorney

Esquire	heretofore given in this matter, and upon Motion of Commissioner Whipple

	duly made and seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by unanimous

vote the matter was referred to the City Manager for further investigation
by him and the Planning Commission.

MINUTES	Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of the regular meeting of November

	21st and the Minutes of the Special Meeting of November 26th be approved

by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.