104

ARTICLE III

It is mutually agreed between the parties hereto as follows:

Section 1. The railroad Company, at all times during the life of this
Agreement, shall have the right to inspect the facilities installed by the City Pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement.

Section 2. For the purpose of making necessary repairs to its electric
power plant, service and transmission lines and connections, the Railroad Company shall
have the right, without abatement of said monthly charge, to suspend delivery of electric
current hereunder for periods not to exceed an aggregate of twenty-four hours in any
calendar month, in such a manner, however, as not unnecessarily to inconvenience the
City. In the event the period during which the delivery of electric current shall be
suspended shall exceed an aggregate of twenty-four hours in any calendar month, the City
shall be entitled to an abatement of said monthly charge determined on the basis of the
number of hours during which delivery of electric current is suspended as compared to
the total number of hours in such calendar month.

Section 3. The Railroad Company shall not be liable to the City for any
loss or damage suffered by the City due to any failure or interruption in the furnishing

 and delivery of electric current to the City hereunder when such failure or 

interruption is caused by strikes, accidents, damage to machinery, acts of God, public
enemy, or other causes beyond the control of the Railroad Company.

Section 4. This agreement may be terminated by written notice given by
either the Railroad Company or the City, to the other party on any date in such notice
stated, not less, however, than thirty (30) days subsequent to the date of the service
of such notice, and upon the termination hereof the City will at its own sole cost and
expense disconnect its said facilities from the lines and wires of the Railroad Company.
The notice herein provided for may be served upon the Railroad Company by United States
registered mail, addressed to the Railroad Company at Las Vegas, Nevada, or upon the
City by United States registered mail addressed to the City of Las Vegas, at Las Vegas,
Nevada, and service shall be deemed complete upon the date of mailing.

Section 5. This agreement shall become effective as of the 29th day of
August, 1942, and shall continue in full force and effect for a period of five years
thereafter, unless the same is sooner terminated as hereinabove provided.

Section 6. This Agreement shall not become effective until the same is
approved by the Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada, pursuant to the provisions 

of Section 37 of the Public Service Commission Act (Section 6138, Nevada Compiled 

Laws of 1929).

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed in duplicate as of the date first herein written.

LOS ANGELES & SALT LAKE RAILROAD COMPANY

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY

Witness:

L. J. Bachman	By G. F. Ashby

Vice President

THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS

Attest:

by Howell C. Garrison

Helen Scott Reed	Mayor

City Clerk

(Seal)

---000---

The Standard form of Agreement between Owner and Architect. Issued by the American
Institute of Architects for use when a percentage of the cost of the work forms the
basis of payment. Third Edition-Copyright 1917-1926 by the American Institute of
Architects Washington, D. C.

THIS AGREEMENT made the TWENTY-SECOND day of NOVEMBER in the year Nineteen
Hundred and FORTY-THREE by and between CITY OF LAS VEGAS, A MUNICIPAL CORPORATION COUNTY
OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA hereinafter called the Owner, and ADRIAN WILSON hereinafter
called the Architect, WITNESSETH, that whereas the Owner intends to erect ONE CENTRAL
AND ONE SUB FIRE STATION IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, FWA PROJECT NEV-26-130-N

NOW, THEREFORE, the Owner and the Architect, for the considerations 

hereinafter named, agree as follows:

The Architect agrees to perform, for the above-named work, professional
services as hereinafter set forth.