114

AGREEMENT

THIS INDENTURE, entered into this 14th day of June , 1944, by and between 

the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation, hereinafter sometimes designated
as the City, and the Clark County Humane Society, a corporation duly organized and
existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada, sometimes hereinafter
referred to as the Society.

WITNESSETH ------

WHEREAS the City is desirous of placing in the hands or the Society the right
to control the disposition of stray, ill, and otherwise uncared for animals, and

WHEREAS the Society is desirous of having control of said stray, ill, or 

uncared-for animals,

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration the mutual covenants and agreements of the
parties hereinafter set forth, it is mutually understood and agreed as follows, to wit:

1.	The City agrees to underwrite the expenses of the Society including the
salary of the poundmaster, to and including the sum of Two Hundred Twenty Dollars
(220.00) per month, commencing June 1, 1944 and continuing thereafter to and including
December 31, 1944.

2.	The City further agrees to give to the Society for the sum of One Dollar
($l.00) receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, one (1) 1937 Ford truck for use by the
Society in the maintenance and care of the pound.

3.	The City further agrees to give the Society the use of the Land now 

designated as the City of Las Vegas Pound for that period of time from June 1, 1944 to
December 31, 1944 for and in consideration of the payment of Ten Dollars ($10.00) by
said Society, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged.

4.	The City further agrees that the Society give an option to renew this
agreement for one (1) year from January 1, 1945 to December 31, 1945, provided however
the Society must give notice at least thirty (30) days before the expiration of this
agreement, of their intention to exercise the option for renewal of this agreement.

5.	The Society shall have the right to select any person they deem
qualified to act as poundmaster, and the City agrees to deputize the person so 

selected as police officer, provided however that add person so selected and deputized
shall be subject to the authority of the Chief of Police.

6.	The Society agrees to submit all bills or claims up to the sum of Two
Hundred Twenty Dollars ($220.00) per month heretofore underwritten by the City of Las
Vegas for payment by the City of Las Vegas, Said claims are to be submitted by the
Society in the usual form prescribed by the laws of the State of Nevada, and ordinances
of the City of Las Vegas.

7.	The Society further agrees to care for any and all stray, ill or uncared-
for horses in the City Of Las Vegas, giving them the same attention as the Society
provided for other animals.

8.	It is understood and agreed by the City and the Society that any and all
buildings now situated at the present City Pound or hereafter placed there by the
Society shall remain on said property for the use by the City or the Society as an 

animal shelter.

IN WITNESS THEREOF we have hereunto set out hands and seals this 14th
day of June, 1944.

E. W. Cragin_____________

E. W. Cragin, Mayor

ATTEST:

Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

/s/ Bill Burke

President, Clark County Humane
Society

/s/ Mrs. Guy H. Murphy
Secretary, Clark County Humane
Society