320

foregoing instrument, who acknowledged to me that they executed the same freely and 

voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my 

office in the County of Clark, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

Dale B. Pruett (Signed)

Notary Public in and for the
County of Ormsby, State of Nevada.

(Notarial Seal)

No. 180120

Recorded at Request of
Dale B. Pruett, Apr 26 1944
at 05 min past 2 P.M. in
Book 35 Page 135-136 of Deeds
Clark County, Nevada, Records
David Farnsworth,Recorder
V. W., Deputy
Fee $ dh Compared Mbow

QUITCLAIM DEED

THIS DEED made this 10th day of January, 1944, by Ralph Francis Farley and Lillian
Mae Farley, husband and wife, hereinafter called the First Party, and the City of Las
Vegas, a municipal corporation, hereinafter called the Second Party:

Witnesseth, that the First Party for and in consideration of the sum of one dollar
($1.00) in hand paid by the Second Party, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged and
the Second Party released therefrom, hereby does remise, release, sell and convey and 

quitclaim unto the Second Party, all the right, title, interest, claim and demand which the
first party had in and to the following described property, situated in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and known and described as follows:

The Easterly ten (10) feet of Lot Nine (9), Block Eleven (11), Ladd
Addition to Lae Vegas, shown on map on Page 6, Book 1 of Plate, on
record in the Office of the Recorder, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, said lot having been extended easterly fifteen feet by vacation
of a portion of Fourteenth Street by resolution adopted by the Board
of City Commissioners, August 24, 1942.

To have and to hold the same, together with all and singular the appurtenances and
privileges thereunto belonging or in anywise appertaining, and all the estate, right,
title, interest and claim whatever of the First Party, either in law or in equity, to the
only proper use, benefit and behoof of the Second Party, assigns and successors forever.

Witness our hand, this 10th day of January, 1944.

Ralph FranciS Farley
Lillian Mae Farley

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

On this 10th day of January, 1944, personally appeared before me, the undersigned a
Notary Public in and for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, Ralph Francis Farley and
Lillian Mae Farley, known to me to be the persons described in and who executed the 

foregoing instrument, and who acknowledged to me that they executed the same freely and
voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Richard M.Simonton
Notary Public in and for the
County of Clark, State of Nevada.
(SEAL)

My commission expires:

Dec. 4, 1947.

No. 183048

Recorded at request of City of Las Vegas July 5, 1944 at 10 mi. past 1 :.M. in Book 35,

Page 395-396 of Deeds. Clark County, Nevada, Records. David Farnsworth, Recorder. V.W. Deputy.
Fee $1.65 Compared V.W. L.M.M. Indexed.