420

LAS VEGAS INSTRUMENT LANDING SYSTEM
LOCALIZER AMD GLIDE PATH UNIT

AGREEMENT

Between

CITY OF LAS VEGAS
And

THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

L. THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into this 21st day of February
in the year one thousand nine hundred and forty five , by and between

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

whose address is 400 Stewart Avenue, Las Vegas, Nevada, for its administrators,
successors, and assigns, hereinafter called the grantor, and the

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, hereinafter called the Government.

WITNESSETH:	The parties hereto for and in consideration of the premises and other

good and valuable consideration covenant and agree as follows:

2.	The grantor hereby grants to the Government the right to install, operate,
and maintain certain units of an Instrument Landing System, known as a Localizer,

and Glide Path Unit and necessary control facilities at the following described
locations on the Las Vegas Municipal Airport, otherwise known as McCarran Field:

A.	LOCALIZER

From a 4"x4" post at the SW corner of Sec. 35, T19S, R62E, MDB&M go N47°

09' E, 976.2 Feet to a 1" iron pipe which is the point of Beginning,
thence N 40° 56' 52" E, 260 feet to a 1" iron pipe, thence S 49° 03' 08" E,
215 feet to a L" iron pipe, thence S 40° 56' 52" W, 260 feet to a 1" iron
pipe, thence No 49° 03' 08" W, 215 feet to the point of beginning com-
prising 1.28 acres, more or less.

B.	GLIDE PATH UNIT

This unit shall be located at a point which is 400 feet left (SE) of Runway 

Centerline Station 66/00 or the NE-SW Runway.

Together with the right to utilize any existing power lines, control lines,
conduits, or other facilities under the control or jurisdiction of the Grantor
which are adaptable to the purposes of the Government, and the right to install
underground cable, overhead power lines, conduit or other facilities as required
for construction, operation, and maintenance of the complete Instrument Landing
System. Such underground cable, overhead power lines, or conduit may be installed
on or in property of the Grantor along routes mutually agreed upon;

Together with right of ingress and egress to and from the premises.

3.	The Grantor hereby certifies that all lands used in the installation are
under the jurisdiction of the Grantor by virtue of a deed or grant of long-term
lease or other instrument and agrees to indemnify and save harmless the Government
and its agents from any and all claims which might arise from or in connections
with the installation, excepting claims for materials furnished or work performed
pursuant to authority given by officers, employees, or agents of the Government.

The Grantor further agrees to assist the Government in any manner feasible
in the construction, improvement, operation, and maintenance of the installation,
and to furnish the electric energy required for the operation of the installation.

The payment for electric energy used will become effective upon termination
of the existing airport lease between the City of Las Vegas and the War Department.

It is mutually understood that the Army will pay for all energy used in the operation
of the installation during the period of Army occupation of the Las Vegas Municipal
Airport.

The Grantor further agrees not to erect or allow to be erected any structures
of any kind or nature on the premises which will interfere with the proper operation
of this installation without the written consent of the Government.

4.	This agreement shall become effective March 21. 1945	and shall

remain in effect thereafter until further notice, upon the same terms and conditions
herein specified; PROVIDED HOWEVER, that either party may cancel this agreement

by giving notice in writing at least six months in advance, or at any date which may
be mutually agreed upon in writing between the parties. All equipment, appurtenances,
structures, or other property installed by the Government at any time after the
termination of the agreement.

5.	No Member or Delegate to congress or Resident Commissioner shall be
admitted to any share or part of this agreement or to any benefit to arise therefrom. 

Nothing, however, herein contained shall be construed to extend to any
incorporated company, if the agreement be for the general benefit of such 

corporation or company.