319

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 26th day of April A. D. 1944, between WATT W. MARTIN and MASIE
MARTIN, hereinafter called first parties, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, a body politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH:

That the first parties, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar, lawful
money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to them in
hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners, the receipt 

whereof is hereby acknowledged, do by these presents grant, bargain, sell, convey, and
confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot, piece,
or parcel of land lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and being a portion of Lot 3, Section 4, T. 21 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B. & M., lying between the
present southerly 40 foot right of way line of Charleston Boulevard and a line parallel with
and 10 feet southerly at right angles from said southerly line, extending from the east
boundary line of the property of Gabriel Pahor at Highway Engineer's Station "P" 844204 P.O.T.
to the west boundary line of the property owned by Wm. E. Ellis at Highway Engineer's Station
"P" 85+62+ P.O.T.; said right of way for highway purposes containing an area of 0.033 of an
acre, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or appertaining, 

and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues and profits
thereof.

The undersigned covenant and agree for themselves, their heirs, executors, administrators,
successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device, other than those,
not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles produced or sold by
the undersigned, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon the remaining lands and
premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands in said deed conveyed
and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the highway right of way line, measured at right
angles to said line; and that no building or permanent structure shall be erected, permitted,
or maintained in or upon said remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately 

adjoining the lands therein conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from
the exterior boundary of the highway right of way. This provision is hereby declared to be a
perpetual covenant and shall be construed as a real covenant attached to and running with the
land.

TO HAVE AMD TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its 

successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first parties have caused this instrument to be executed the day
and year herein first above written.

Watt W. Martin (Signed)

Mazie Martin (Signed)

STATE OF NEVADA	)

)	ss.

County of Clark	)

On this 25th day of April, A.D. on thousand nine hundred and forty-four personally appeared 

before me, Dale B. Pruett, A Notary Public in and for the said County of Clark, WATT W.

MARTIN and MASIE MARTIN, known to me to be the persons described in and who executed the