408

however, that Lessor shall not be required to furnish any such apace if and
when Leasee shall have constructed a hangar or other building at said Airport
in which such facilities, airplane, automobiles, and supplies may be respectively
housed, maintained, parked and stored.

:.

Lessor shall make available to Leasee on said airport adequate and sufficient 

space for the construction and installation of a hangar, shop, fuel tanks,
and other buildings, equipment, and facilities deemed required by Lessee in 

connection with its operations, the location on said Airport of such hangar, shop,
fuel tanka, and other buildings, equipment, and facilities to be subject to the
approval of said Lessor.



Lessee shall have the first choice of location and the exclusive use of not
leas than seven hundred fifty (750) square feet of apace in the administration building
on said Airport for such uses as Lessee may desire to make thereof in connection with
or incidental to its operations, such uses to include, without limiting the generality
thereof, the sale of tickets, manifesting of passengers and cargo, handling of mail,
baggage, and cargo, and the operation of general traffic, operations, and communications
offices; provided, however, if the construction coat of said administration building 

exceeded or exceeds $50,000.00., Leasee shall have the first choice of location and the
exclusive use of not less than one thousand (1,000) square feet of space therein.

G.

The use by Lessee, its employees, passengers, guests, patrons and invitees, in
common with others, of all public space in said administration building and additional	

public spaces which may hereafter be made available in said administration building
or any additions thereof, including, without limiting the generality thereof, the
lobby, waiting rooms, hall ways, rest rooms, and other public and passenger convenience.

H.

Lessee and its passengers, invitees, licensees, and employees shall have the use
in common with other air transportation companies, of an adequate vehicular parking
space located as near as possible to the administration building without charge to
such passengers, invitees, licensees, or employees; it being understood that "passengers"
as used in this paragraph includes persons calling for or delivering passengers.

I.

Lessee in common with other airlines shall have the right to erect, maintain, and
operate poles, antenna, equipment, and facilities on and about said Airport as in	

Lessee's opinion may be necessary or convenient for Lessee's operation of remote
control radio receiving and transmitting equipment, the location of said equipment
and facilities on or about said Airport shall be subject to the approval of Lessor.

Lessor agrees to zone areas under its control surrounding Lessee's radio transmitting
site to prevent the erection of poles, lines, power lines, buildings, and other
structures which would prevent the proper operation of Lessee's radio and transmitting
equipment.

J.

The full, unrestricted, and free access and ingress to and egress from the
premises outlined in "a" to "I" inclusive, above, for Lessee, its employees, passengers,
guests, patrons, invitees, suppliers of materials and furnishers of service, its or
their aircraft, equipment, vehicles, machinery, and other property without charge to