16

A violation of any of the provisions of this Permit shall be ground
for and entitle said City to revoke this Permit in whole or in part, or
said City may pursue such other remedy or course as the law permits.

Said City hereby reserves all rights incident to the grantor of a permit.

This Permit shall not be construed to authorize the Permittee to
use or to acquire any rights in any of the streets, avenues or alleys
of said Clark's Las Vegas Townsite or said South Addition inconsistent with
the future legitimate uses of such streets, avenues or alleys by said
City of Las Vegas, nor shall the grant hereby made operate in itself nor
by lapse of time or by the expenditure of moneys by Permittee as an
estoppel against said City of las Vegas in any respect whatsoever. Nor
shall this Permit be construed as a grant of any right or privilege ad-
verse to the rights of any abutting owner or owners of property along
any of the streets, avenues or alleys where said pipes, mains, laterals
or appliances may be placed or maintained by said Permittee, nor to
establish any rights in the Permittee contrary to or inconsistent with the
rights of the original dedicators of said Streets, avenues and alleys, or
their assigns.

Permittee shall not be entitled to assign this Permit or any rights
hereunder without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said
City first had and obtained in writing.

This Permit shall become effective upon the acceptance of same in
writing by the Permittee within forty days from the date of its passage,
but in default of such acceptance the same shall be of no effect.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
on the 29th day of March, 1929.

Executed in pursuance of the Order of said Board of City Commissioners
by the Mayor and City Clerk.

Thereunto duly authorized this 29 day of March, 1929. Executed in
duplicate.

Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

By:	J. F. Hesse

Its Mayor

seal

By:	W. C. German

Its Water Works, Sewerage, and
Light Commissioner.

Attest:

Wm. L. Scott
(City Clerk

The foregoing Permit accepted this 8th day of April, 1929

MARLIN WATER COMPANY

BY:	A. G. Ray ______________

Its President

Attest - By: Wells A. Rathbun

Secretary

—00O00—

PERMIT TO BOULDER DAM SYNDICATE. INC.

PERMISSION is hereby given and granted to Boulder Dam Syndicate, Inc., a
corporation, to install, lay and maintain water pipe lines and water mains and
connections and laterals thereto, and all necessary and proper alliances used
in connection therewith, or appurtenant thereto, in, through, over, across, under
or along the following described streets and alleys of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of supplying the inhabitants of Boulder
Addition to the City of Las Vegas with water, viz:

Commencing at the northeast corner of Main Street and Charleston
Boulevard; thence, diagonally in a southwesterly direction across
Charleston Boulevard to the center of the North end line of Lot 7 in
Block 1 of Boulder Addition; thence South along the center line of
said Lot 7 to the center line of the east and west alley in said Block
1 at the point where the center line of the north and south alley in
said block one intersects the same as the said point being hereinafter