313

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 24th day of November A.D. 1943, between J. C. FISHER & CO., INC.
hereinafter called first party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
a body politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH:

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar, lawful
money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to it in
hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners, the
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents release, remise and forever
quit claim unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot,
piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being
a portion of Lots 1 and 2 of the NE 1/4 and lot 3 of the NW 1/4 of Section 2, T. 21 S., R. 61 E.,

M.D.B. & M., in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, lying between the
southerly line of Charleston Boulevard as conveyed to the City of Las Vegas by Deed recorded
in Book 22 of Deeds at Page 132, Records of said County, and a line parallel with and 50
feet southerly at right angles from said southerly line and extending from the west line of
Lot 3 of the NW 1/4 of Said Section 2, at State Highway Engineer's Station "E" 169+09 more or
less to the west line of the 100 foot right of way of the Southern Nevada Power Company
property at State Highway Engineer's Station "E" 181+45 more or less, and from the west line
of the NE 1/4 of said Section 2 at State Highway Engineer's Station "E" 182+45 more or less to
the east line of said Section 2 at State Highway Engineer's Station "E" 208+92 more or less,
and that portion of Lot 4 of the W 1/2 the NW 1/4 of Section 1, T. 21 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B. & M.,

Clark County, Nevada, lying between the southerly line of Charleston Boulevard as conveyed
to said City by deed recorded in Book 22 of Deeds at page 132, Records of said County, and a
line parallel with and 10 feet southerly at right angles from said southerly line, extending
from the west line of said Section 1 at State Highway Engineer's Station "E" 208+92 more
or less to the west line of Euclid Avenue at State Highway Engineer's Station "E" 215+46 more
or less as the same is shown and delineated on map of Fisher's Fremont Street, Boulder Dam
Highway First Subdivision, filed in Book 2 of Plate at Page 9, Records of said County; said
right of way for highway purposes containing an area of 4.607 of an acre, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues and
profits thereof.

The undersigned company covenants and agrees for Itself, its heirs, executors, administrators, 

successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device, other
than those, not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles produced
or sold by the undersigned company, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon
the remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned company, immediately adjoining
the lands in said deed conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the highway
right of way line, measured at right angles to said line; and that no building or permanent
structure, other than those now existing, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon
said remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned company, immediately adjoining
the lands herein conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the exterior boundary
of the highway right of way. This provision is hereby declared to be a perpetual covenant
and shall be construed as a real covenant attached to and running with the land.