103

AGREEMENT

Between

LOS ANGELES & SALT LAKE RAILROAD COMPANY
and its Lessee

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY
and

THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS

Dated October 1st, 1942

Covering furnishing of electricity
to City's Police Department radio
system and fire devices, in case of
black-outs or other failure of supply
from the present source, in Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada.

THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into this 1st day of October, 1942, by and
between LOS ANGELES & SALT LAKE RAILROAD COMPANY, a corporation of the State of Utah,
and its Lessee, UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY, a corporation of the State of Utah,
hereinafter collectively called "Railroad Company", Parties of the First Part, and
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, a municipal corporation, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada
hereinafter called "City", Party of the Second Part,

WITNESSETH:

RECITALS

The Railroad Company owns and operates an electric power plant in the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, which power plant has a capacity sufficient to generate
electric current in excess of the amount required by the Railroad Company for its
railroad operations.

In connection with the Police Department, the City operates a radio station and
fire alarm devices, which require the use of electric current at all times and which
current is now being supplied by Southern Nevada Power Co., and has applied to the 

Railroad Company for permission to install the necessary facilities for emergency stand-by
service in case of black-outs or other failure of supply from said present source, which
permission the Railroad Company is willing to grant upon the terms and conditions 

hereinafter stated.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, it is agreed by and between the
parties hereto as follows:

ARTICLE I.

The Railroad Company agrees:

Section 1. At the sole cost and expense of the City, to permit the City to install

 and thereafter maintain the necessary facilities for an emergency stand-by electric
service, consisting of five kilowatts of electrical energy, single phase, 2300 volts, for
the purpose of supplying the radio system and fire alarm devices operated by the City's
Police Department.

Section 2. Subject to the conditions hereinafter stated, to furnish and deliver
to the City at any and all times during the life of this Agreement, five kilowatts of
electrical energy, single phase, 2300 volts, for the sole use of the radio system and
fire alarm devices of the City's Police Department, but only when the source now supplying

 electric energy for such purpose is cut off.

ARTICLE II.

The City agrees:

Section 1. At its own cost and expense, to install the necessary facilities for
said emergency stand-by service and to obtain said supply of electric energy for the
operation of said radio system and fire alarm devices, and thereafter to maintain the
same.

Section 2. To pay to the Railroad Company the sum of $5.00 per month, flat rate,
for said service, which shall be paid monthly by the City, and within fifteen days after
bills are rendered therefor.

Section 3. To at all times indemnify and hold the Railroad Company harmless
against all claims, demands, judgments, costs, expenses, including attorney's fees, for
loss, damage, or injury to persons or property, directly or indirectly arising or growing 

out of the installation or maintenance of said electricity or the furnishing of
electrical energy under this Agreement.

Section 4. To use said facilities and said electric supply only for the operation
of the radio system and fire alarm devices of the City's Police Department, and then only
in case of emergency and when the present apply of electrical energy now furnishing said
radio system is cut off.

Section 5. Not to assign this contract, or any interest therein, to any person,
firm or corporation, municipal or otherwise, without the consent in writing of the Railroad

 Company first had and obtained.