15

No. 3 and crossing all of the north and south streets in said
Tract No. 3; thence east along the center line of the alley in
Block 4 of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No. 4 and cros-
sing all north and south streets in said Tract No. 4; also,

Beginning at Station No. 7; thence east along the center
line of the alley in Block 3 of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition,

Tract No. 2 and crossing all north and south streets in said
Tract No. 2; thence east along the center line of the alleys
in Blocks 1 and 4 in Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No.

3 and crossing all of the north and south streets in said Tract
No. 3; thence east along the center of the alley in Block 5 of
Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No. 4 and crossing all
north and south streets in said Tract No. 4; also,

Beginning at Station No. 8; thence running east through
the center line of the alley in Block 4 of Boulder Dam Homesite
Addition, Tract No. 2 and crossing all north and south streets
in said Tract No. 2; thence east along the center line of the
alleys in Blocks 2 and 3 of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract
No. 3 and crossing all north and south streets in said Tract No.

3; thence east along the center line of the alley in Block 6
of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition Tract No. 4 and crossing all
north and south streets in said Tract No. 4; also,

Beginning at a point which is the intersection of the
center line of the alley running through Block 3 Boulder Dam
Homesite Addition, Tract No. 4 and a line Twenty (20) feet east
and running parallel to the center line of Norton Avenue; thence
running northerly and parallelling the center line of Norton
Avenue to the intersection with the center line of the alley
running through Block 2, Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract
No. 4, said point being (hereinafter known as Station 9); thence,
continuing northerly and paralleling the center line of Norton
Avenue to the intersection of the center line of the alley running
through Block 1 of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No. 4,
said point being (hereinafter known as Station 10); also,

Beginning at Station 9; thence running easterly along the
center line of the alley in Block 2, Boulder Dam Homesite Addition,

Tract No. 4 and crossing all north and south streets in said Tract
No. 4; also,

Beginning at Station 10; thence running easterly along the
center line of the alley in Block 1 of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition
Tract No. 4 and crossing all north and south streets in said Tract
No. 4.

The Permittee to lay a four inch water mains throughout its
whole system.

For said purposes the said Permittee shall have the right to
make the necessary excavations in said streets, avenues and alleys;
provided said Permittee shall;

(a)	In all cases, after making any excavation in the streets,
avenues or alleys, promptly restore such street, avenue or alley
to its former condition.

(b)	Fully observe all of the ordinances of said City of Las
Vegas, now in existence, or which may hereafter be adopted relative
to the making of excavations in such streets, avenues or alleys.

(c)	At all times hold City of Las Vegas harmless from any and
all liability for damages to persons or property caused by such
excavations made in the streets, avenues or alleys within the
territory to which this permit extends.

As further conditions upon which this permit is granted it is
provided:

1.	That the Municipal authorities shall further have the power
to make all necessary rules and regulations for the laying and
maintaining of all water pipe and apparatuses, and shall have the
power to change the rules and regulations from time to time as in
their judgment may seem just and proper.

2.	The municipal authorities shall also have the right to
direct the change in location at any time of such pipe lines, water
mains, laterals and appliances, and to establish and change the
grades of said streets, avenues and alleys.

3.	Said Permittee shall at all times keep said pipes, mains,
laterals and appliances in proper condition and repair, so that
the same shall not damage or obstruct the use of said streets,
avenues or alleys for travel or for public uses by reason of leakages
or otherwise.

4. Said Permittee will install and maintain a reasonable number
of fire plugs at such points as the Board of City Commissioners

may from time to time designate.