109

The party of the Second Part while operating the machine at times other than
while the same is being used for the benefit of the City, shall not make use of the
red lights, siren, or radio receiving equipment.

It is mutually understood and agreed by and between the parties that this
agreement may be voided by either party upon one day's notice, in writing, to be
served upon the party desiring to cancel said contract.

It is further understood and agreed by and between the parties that the
Party of the Second Part shall furnish public liability insurance in the sum of
$25/50 P.L. 5000 P.D. and Property Damage Insurance.

	It is further understood and agreed that the Party of the Second Part shall

be the only person to operate this machine, but that the same while being operated
for the benefit of the City of Las Vegas, shall be dispatched and utilized at the
discretion of the Chief of Police.

It is further understood and agreed that the Party of the Second Part will
hold the City of Las Vegas harmless from any liability resulting from the operation
of said vehicle while the same is being utilized for the benefit of the City of Las
Vegas.

The description of the machine, subject of this agreement, is as follows,

	to wit:

Harley Davidson - # 41FL3581

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

By E. W. Cragin
Mayor

Chas. C. McCall
City Manager

Attest:	Charles Pinjuv

Helen Scott Reed

Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk

00O00

The foregoing agreement (exact copy with exception of description of machine, which is
1933 Indian 4 - Motor #i918 Lic. #. Nev. 45) for George Bondley.

00O00

AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT made and entered into this 1st day of June , 1945, by
and between the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation, duly authorized and 

existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada, hereinafter called the
first party and Cuba Clos and Peter Clos, husband and wife, hereinafter called the
second parties.

WITNESSETH:

That in consideration of the executive of a deed, dated the 1st day of
June , 1945, a copy of which is hereto attached, from the parties of the second
part, the party of the first part herein agrees to do or cause to be done the following,
to-wit:

1.	At such time as the new additional right-of-way described in the deed hereinabove 

mentioned is occupied by the party of the first part, the artesian well 

belonging to the parties of the second part which is now located about forty-six (46)

fee right or south of Engineer's Station "P" 100 / 53, the party of the first part will
connect said artesian well to the pump house now located on the property of the party
of the second part, through adequate pipe in a manhole to be located under the 

sidewalk area.

2.	To construct approach roads to the property of the party of the first part
during construction of the highway at places corresponding to the present location or
places designated by the parties of the second part.

3.	To remove the existing fences on the old right-of-way line and to re-construct
on the new right-of-way line fences at no cost to the parties of the second part.

4.	To replace any trees removed during the course of construction in 

approximately the same relative position on the property of the party of the second part, said
trees to be on the outside of the right-of-way.

IN WITNESSETH THEREOF I have her unto set my hand this 1st day of June, 1945.

/s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

/s/ Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk