404

STATE OF NEVADA:)

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

On this 10th day of March, 1944, personally appeared before me D. C. Sutherland,

known to me to be the person who executed this for and on behalf of the American
Red Cross, Las Vegas Chapter, who acknowledged to me that he has read the foregoing instrument,
and that he executed the same free and voluntary for the uses and purposes therein stated, said
D. C. Sutherland being then and there the Chairman of the Board of Clark County Chapter for the 

Las Vegas Chapter of the American Red Cross.

S.	L. Butterfield

(SEAL)	Notary Public in and for the

My Commission Expires	County of Clark, State of Nevada

September 23, 1945

——oOo——



A LEASE
between

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA

and

UNITED SERVICE ORGANIZATIONS, INC.

THIS LEASE, made and entered into this 7 day of June in the year one thousand nine

hundred and forty-four, by and between city of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada whose address is
City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada for its heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns,
hereinafter called the Lessor, and UNITED service ORGANIZATIONS, INC., a corporation organized under 

the laws of the State of New York, hereinafter called the Lessee:

WITNESSETH:	The parties hereto for the considerations hereinafter mentioned covenant and

agree as follows:

1.	The Lessor hereby leases to the Lessee and the Lessee hereby hires from the Lessor the

following described premises, viz:	One story frame building with twelve windows on either end and

four doors, together with attached bath house and its appurtenances, situated in Block number 14,

Valley View Addition, Las Vegas, Nevada at # 311 Jefferson Street to be used exclusively for the
following purposes, to wit:	USO Club, and for any and all purposes for which the Lessee was 

incorporated.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the said premises with their appurtenances for the term beginning
January 38, 1944 and ending six (6) months after cessation of hostilities with Germany and its
allies, except and unless the Lessee prior thereto exercises its cancellation option hereinafter
provided

2. The Lessee shall pay to the Lessor for the use of the demised premises, rent at the
rate of one ($1.00) Dollars per annum to be paid at the beginning of the calendar year. and the
Lessee covenants and agrees to pay said rent as aforesaid, except such proportionate part thereof

as shall occur during such time as said premises shall be untenantable by reason of fire, act of
God, or public enemies.

3.	If the said premises be destroyed by fire, or other casualty, this lease shall immediately 

terminate. In case of partial destruction or damage, so as to render the premises untenantable, 

the Lessor, within ten (10) days after such damage or destruction, shall submit to the
Lessee a written estimate of the length of time required to put the premises into complete repair,
and the Lessee, within ten (lO) days thereafter, may in its sole discretion elect to continue or
terminate the lease by serving written notice of such election on the Lessor, either personally

or by registered mail. Should the Lessee elect to continue the lease, no rent shall accrue 

during the period of untenantability; nor, in case of termination, shall rent accrue to the Lessor
after said partial destruction or damage.

4. The Lessor shall maintain the said premises in good repair and tenant able condition	

during the continuance of this lease, except for damage arising from the act or the negligence
of Lessee's agents or employees. For the purpose of so maintaining the premises the Lessor 

reserves the right at reasonable times to enter and Inspect the premises, and to make any necessary
repairs thereto. The Lessor, however, shall not be required to make any interior repairs of a 

nonstructural nature, nor shall the Lessee be required to make any exterior or structural repairs,
or repairs to heating and plumbing equipment.

5.	The Lessor, during the occupancy of the premises, shall furnish: described property

and attached appurtenances only.	

6.	The Lessee agrees to pay the following bills chargeable against said premises during

the tenancy, to wit:	All coat of maintenance and repair to said building, provided however that

lessee shall not be responsible for payment of taxes. Installation of lawn or shrubs or 

installation of any improvements on said premises.

7.	The Lessee shall have the right, during the term of this lease, to make alterations,
attach fixtures, and erect additions, structures, or signs, in or upon the premises, inside and
outside, and to redecorate said premises, all in its own discretion and at its own expense, which
fixtures, additions, structures, signs, and/or decorations, unless readily removable, shall became
and remain the property of the Lessor.