Contract Dept. No. 11463-B

Deed from Las Vegas Land and Water Company to The City of Las Vegas	Dated July 30, 1942

Covering parcel of land in the NW 1/4 of the NW 1/4 of Section 26 T. 20 S., R. 61 E., MDB. & M., Clark
County, Nevada.

DEED

THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH:	That LAS VEGAS LAND AND WATER COMPANY, a corporation of the

State of Nevada, Grantor, in consideration of the sum of Tan and no/l00 ($10.00) Dollars, to
it in hand paid, the receipt whereof la hereby acknowledged, does hereby GRANT and CONVEY to
THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS, a municipal Corporation of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,

That certain parcel of land situated in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and being that portion of the NW 14 of the NW 1/4 of Section 26, T. 20	S., R. 61 E., M. D.

B. & M., described as follows:

Beginning at the northeast corner of that certain parcel of land described as the of
the of the NW 1/4 of said Section 26 in deed to the City of Las Vegas, recorded in Book 3, Page
345, of Deeds, records of said County, said point of beginning being distant easterly 660 feet,
measured along the north line of said Section 26 from a concrete monument set at the northwest
corner of said Section 26; thence southerly along the easterly line of said parcel of land 660
feet to the southeast corner of said parcel of land; then easterly parallel with the north
line of said Section 26, 660 feet; thence northerly parallel with the west line of said Section
26, 660 feet, to a point in the north line of said Section 26; thence westerly along said north
line 660 feet to the point of beginning.

TOGETHER with all and singular the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto
belonging or in anywise appertaining.

SUBJECT, HOWEVER, to the following exceptions, incumbrances, and reservations:

1.	All taxes and assessments levied or assessed against said land subsequent to the year

1941,	shall be paid by the Grantee herein, and not by Grantor.

2.	All water and water rights appurtenant to said land are hereby excepted from this
conveyance and are reserved by Grantor.

3.	The fee simple title to any and all coal, oil and other minerals within or underlying 

said land, intending thereby any and all inorganic substances (including oil and natural
gas) now known to exist or hereafter discovered upon or beneath the surface, having sufficient
value, separated from their situs as a part of the earth, to be mined, piped, pumped, quarried,
dug or otherwise removed for their own sake, or their own specific uses, is hereby excepted from
this conveyance and reserved by Grantor, it being the intention of the Grantor to convey surface
rights only. And Grantor hereby reserves the perpetual and exclusive right to remove any and
all such substances, the earth or other matter containing same necessary or convenient in the
removal thereof; it being understood, however, that neither Las Vegas Land and Water Company,
nor its successors, grantees or assigns, shall have the right to use any of the surface of said
land and that the mining and removing of said substances shall be carried on in such a way as
not to damage the surface of said land or to Interfere with the use of the surface of said land

	by the Grantee, its successors or assigns.

4.	This conveyance is made subject to the following lease heretofore granted by Grantor,
to-wit:

A lease dated September 1st, 1933, from Las Vegas Land and Water Company, Lessor, to Albert
Wittwer, Lessee (Las Vegas Land and Water Company Audit No. 9076) which expires August 31, 1943/.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD unto the said Grantee and its successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantor has duly executed this indenture this 20th day of July,

1942.

LAS VEGAS LAND AND WATER COMPANY

BY G. F. Ashby

Its Vice President

ATTEST:

Paul Rigdon
Assistant Secretary
(Seal)

STATE OF NEBRASKA	)

	)	SS:

COUNTY OF DOUGLAS	)

On this 31 day of July, 1942, personally appeared before me, Louis Scholnick, a Notary
Public in and for the County of Douglas, State of Nebraska G. F. Ashby known to me to be the
Vice President and Paul Rigdon, known to me to be the Assistant Secretary of the corporation
that executed the foregoing instrument, and upon oath did depose that they are the officers
of said corporation as above designated; that they are acquainted with the seal of said 

corporation, and that the seal affixed to said Instrument is the corporate seal of said corporation;

	that the signatures to said instrument were made by the officers of said corporation as 

indicated after said signatures, and that the said corporation executed the said instrument freely
and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.