DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 8th day of February, A.D. 1944, between JOE PASCOE, herein-
after called first party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of Nevada, a
body politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar,
lawful money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to
him in hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners,
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant, bargain, sell,
convey, and confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain
lot, piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
being a portion of the W 1/2 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of Section 32, T. 20 S., R. 61 E.,
M.D.B.& M., and more particularly described by metes and bounds as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the intersection of the centerline of the proposed state
highway at Highway Engineer's Station "P" 70-89.85 P.O.C., and the east boundary
line of the W 1/2 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of said Section 32; thence S.

0°17'17" along said east boundary line a distance of 23.93 feet to the true
point of beginning, said point of beginning being further described as bearing
N. 40°39'28" W. a distance of 508.33 feet from the southeast corner of said
Section 32; thence continuing along said east boundary line S. 0°17'17" W. a
distance of 76.82 feet to a point on the southwesterly 75 foot highway right of
way line; thence from a tangent which bears N. 49°04' W. along said right of way
line on a curve to the right with a radius of 1575.00 feet through an angle of
4°06'28" a distance of 112.92 feet to a point on the north boundary line of the
property of the undersigned, thence S. 89°53'30" E. along said North boundary line
a distance of 82.97 feet to the point of beginning; said right of way for highway
purposes containing an area of 0.075 of an acre, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues
and profits thereof.

The undersigned covenants and agrees for himself, his heirs, executors, administrators,
successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device, other than
those, not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles produced
or sold by the undersigned, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon the
remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands
in said deed conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the highway right of way
line, measured at right angles to said line; and that no building or permanent structure
shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon said remaining lands and premises now
owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands therein conveyed and within a
distance of twelve (12) feet from the exterior boundary of the highway right of way. This
provision is hereby declared to be a perpetual covenant and shall be construed as a real
covenant attached to and running with the land.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed the
day and year herein first above written.

Joe Pascoe

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

On this 8th day of February A.D. one thousand nine hundred and forty-four personally
appeared before me, Richard M. Simonton, a Notary Public in and for the said County of Clark,

JOE PASCOE, known to me to be the person described in and who executed the foregoing instrument,
who acknowledged to me that he executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and
purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my
office in the County of Clark, the say and year in this certificate first above written.

Richard M. Simonton_________

Notary Public in and for the
County of Clark, State of Nevada.