416

Between the City of Las Vegas, Nevada and The United States of America.

1. THIS LEASE, made and entered into this 14th day of July in the year one
thousand nine hundred and —43-- by and between The City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a mun-
icipal corporation, whose address is Las Vegas, Nevada, and whose interest in the
property hereinafter described is that of fee simple owner for itself, its successors,
and assigns, hereinafter called the Lessor, and THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, herein-
after called the Government:

	WITNESSETH:

The parties hereto for the considerations hereinafter mentioned covenant and
agree as follows:

2.	The Lessor hereby leases to the Government the following described premises,

viz:

All that certain real property situated in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, des-
cribed as follows:

All of Section 33, lying southwesterly of the Union Pacific Spur track right of way;
all of the southeast quarter (SE 1/4) of Section 34, lying southeasterly of Highway No. 91;
and the southwest quarter (SW 1/4) of Section 35, all in Township 19, South, Range 62 East,
M. D. B. & M., EXCEPTING THEREFROM the following Government owned Parcel of Land:	The

Southeast quarter (SE 1/4) of the Southwest quarter (SW 1/4) of Section 35, Township 19, South,
Range 62 East, MDB&M.

The North Half (N 1/2) of the Northwest quarter (NW 1/4), the Southwest quarter (SW 1/4) of the
Northwest quarter (NW 1/4), and the Northwest quarter (NW 1/4) of the Southwest quarter (SW 1/4)
of Section 2. all of Section 3; the East half (E 1/2) of Section 4, and the southwest
quarter (SW 1/4) of the Northeast quarter (NE 1/4) of Section 8; all in Township 20, South,
Range 62 East, MDB&M. All according to the United States Government Township Plats,
containing 1830 acres, more or less, of unimproved land.

to be used for the following purpose:

Military Reservation and Air Corps Activity.

3.	TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the add premises with their appurtenances for the term be-
ginning July 14. 1943 through June 30. 1944 provided that, unless and until the Gover-
ment shall give notice of termination in accordance with the provision 12 hereof, this
lease shall remain in force thereafter from year to year without further notice; pro-
vided further that adequate appropriation are available from year to year for the pay-
ment of rentals; and provided further that this lease shall in no event extend beyond
the Thirtieth (30th) day of June 1967. subject, however, to provisions of Paragraph 17.

4.	The Government shall pay the Lessor rent at the following rate:

One Dollar ($1.00) per annum; or any portion thereof. Payment shall be made at the
end of each fiscal year by the Finance Officer, United States Army, 450 Mission Street,
San Francisco, California.

5.	The Government shall not assign this lease in any event, and shall not sublet
the demised premises except to desirable tenants.

6.	The Lessor shall furnish to the Government, as part of the rental consideration,
the following:

Nothing.

7.	The Government shall have the right, during the existence of this lease, to make
alterations, attach fixtures, and erect additions, structures, or signs, in or upon the
premises hereby leased, which fixtures, additions, or structures so placed in, upon or
attached to the said premises shall be and remain the property of the Government and may
be removed or otherwise disposed of by the Government. The Government shall surrender
possession of the premises upon the expiration or termination of this lease, and, if re-
quired by the Lessor, shall, within 90 days thereafter, or within such additional time

as may be mutually agreed upon, return the premises in as good condition as that exist-
ing at the time of entering upon the same under this lease, reasonable and ordinary wear
and tear and damages by the elements or by circumstances over which the Government has
no control, excepted; provided that, if the Lessor requires the return of the premises
in such condition, the Lessor shall give written notice thereof to the Government at
least 30 days before the expiration or termination of the lease, said notice to specify
the exceptions of the Lessor to the then existing condition.

*********

Sections 8, 9, 10, and 11 not applicable to this lease.

************

12.	The Government may terminate this lease at any time by giving thirty (30)
days notice in writing to the Lessor, and no rental shall accrue after the effective
date of termination.

13. Any notice under the terms of this lease shall be in writing signed by a
fuly authorized representative of the party giving such notice, and if given by the
Government shall be addressed to the Lessor at Las Vegas, Nevada, and if given by the
Lessor sha11 be addressed to Division Engineer, Pacific Division, 351 California Street
San Francisco. California. Attention:	Heal Estate bivision.