8

(b)	The municipal authorities shall also have the right to direct
the change in location, at any time, of such poles or pole lines and under-
ground conduits, and to establish and change the grades or said streets, al-
leys and public grounds.

(c)	Said permittee, its successors and assigns shall, at all times
keep said poles, pole lines and underground conduits, and the wires, cables
and other appliances and appurtenances thereto, thereon or therein, in proper
condition and repair, so that the same shall not damage or unnecessarily ob-
struct the use of said streets, alleys or public grounds for travel or for
public uses.

(d)	Said permitee, its successors and assigns shall strictly comply
with all regulations and orders now in effect or hereinafter promulgated by the
City authorities of the City of Las Vegas, or by the Public Service Commission

of the State of Nevada, which in any wise relate to light, heat and power service
and the inspection thereof or to the erection, installing and maintenance of poles
and pole lines, underground conduits, wires or cables used in the operation of
power systems.

Section 3. A violation of any of the provisions of this permit shall
be grounds for and entitle said City to revoke and annul this permit in whole or
in part or said City may pursue such other remedy of course as the law permits.

Said City hereby reserves all rights incident to the grantor of a municipal permit, 

and this permit is granted subject to the supervisory regulation and control
by the Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada of the business of furnishing 

light, heat, and power to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas by said
grantee, its successors and assigns.

Section 4. This permit shall not be construed to authorize the permittee, 

its successors and assigns, to use or to acquire any right in, any of the
streets, alleys or public grounds of the City of Las Vegas inconsistent with the
future legitimate uses of such streets, alleys or public ground by said City of
Las Vegas, nor shall the grant hereby made operate in itself nor by lapse of
time or by the expenditure of moneys be permittee, its successors and assigns,
as in estoppel against said City of Las Vegas in any respect whatsoever, nor shall
this permit be construed as a grant of any right or privilege adverse to the
rights of any abutting owner or owners of property along any of the streets, alleys,
or public grounds where said poles, pole lines, underground conducts, wires, cables,
appliances, or appurtenances may be placed or maintained by said permittee, its
successors and assigns, nor to establish any rights in the permittee, its successors
and assigns, contrary to or inconsistent with the right of the original dedicators,
of said streets, alleys or public grounds, or their assigns.

Section 5. In case the said permittee, its successors or assigns, 

discontinue, refuses or neglects to carry on the operation of a system for the furnishing
of light, heat and power at any time for and during the term of six months at any
one time during the life of this permit, then this permit shall be null and void,
and the City Commissioners may order the removal of the poles, pole lines, underground 

conduits, wires, cables, appliances and appurtenances so installed, erected,
laid down or placed by said permittee, its successors or assigns, in, through, over,
across, under and along the public streets, alleys, or public grounds of said City
of Las Vegas, and may declare the same a public nuisance, provided, however that
before this permit shall become null and void or any action taken as in this 

paragraph provided, the Board of City Commissioners shall first give to said grantee,
or its successors or assigns thirty days notice in writing to resume its operations,
and of its intention to terminate this permit in case such operations are not resumed
within the period specified in such notice.

Section 6. Within six months after date of this permit, the permittee, its
successors or assigns shall file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas, a plat showing the location and position of each pole, pole line, and 

underground conduit, and showing the location and position of any proposed poles, pole
lines, or underground conduits, erected and laid down or to be erected and laid down
under the authority hereby granted.

Section 7. The privileges hereby granted to said permittee , its successors
and assigns for a period of fifty years from and after the date hereof, provided said
permittee shall not be entitled to assign this permit or any rights hereunder without
the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said City first had and obtained in
writing.

This permit shall become effective upon the acceptance of the same in writing by the
permittee within thirty days from the date of its passage, but in default of such
acceptance the same shall be of no effect.	

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, on the second day
of May, 1929.

Executed in pursuance of the order of said Board of City Commissioners by the Mayor
pro Tem and City Clerk and the water, sewer and light commissioner, thereunto duly
authorized, this second day of May, 1929.

Executed in duplicate.

BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

By: _______Wm. B. Mundy

 Mayor Pro Tem/

Attest:	Wm. L. Scott

Clerk

By:	W. C. German________________

its Water, Sewer and Light
Commissioner.

The foregoing permit accepted this third day of May, 1929.

SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER COMPANY

SEAL...... Attest:	C. F. Wengert, Secretary	By Leo A. McNamee