102

AGREEMENT

This indenture entered into this 2nd day of June, 1944, by and between the
City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation, sometimes hereinafter referred to as the party
of the first part and R. B. Griffith, of the City of Las Vegas, sometimes hereinafter called
the party of the second part.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has for sale sludge from the City disposal plant,

and

WHEREAS, the said R. B. Griffith is desirous of purchasing fifty (50) tons of said

sludge,

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of mutual agreements and covenants of the parties
hereto, it is understood and agreed as follows, to-wit:

1)	The party of the first part agrees to sell to the party of the second part,
fifty (50) tons of sludge from the disposal plant of the party of the first part for a
price of Two Dollars ($2.00) per ton f.o.b. the disposal plant.

2)	The party of the second part agrees to purchase from the City of Las Vegas
fifty (50) tons of sludge from the City disposal plant at a price of Two Dollars ($2.00)
per ton f.o.b. City disposal plant.

3)	It is agreed by and between the parties hereto that the fifty (50) tons of
sludge hereinbefore referred to must be removed by the party of the second part and the party
of the second part does hereby agree to remove the sludge from the City disposal plant within 

ninety (90) days from the date of execution of this agreement.

4)	The party of the second part agrees to pay to the City of Las Vegas the sum
of One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) for the aforementioned sludge upon the execution of this
agreement and the party of the first part does hereby acknowledge receipt of said One Hundred 

Dollars ($100.00) in full payment for said fifty (50) tons of sludge.

It is understood by and between the parties hereto that the City of Las Vegas
may retain the aforementioned sum of One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) whether or not the party
of the second part fulfills his contract by removing the sludge within the ninety (90)
day period prescribed in this contract.

IN WITNESS THEREOF, we hereto set our hands and seal this 2nd day of June, 1944.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

By:	(Signed) E. W. Cragin

E. W. Cragin - Mayor

ATTEST:	(Signed) Helen Scott Reed	(Signed) R. B. Griffith

HELEN SCOTT REED
City Clerk