414

LEASE

This Indenture of leasehold, made and entered into this 4th day of June, A. D.,

1941, by and between the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, a Municipal
Corporation, as party of the first part, and the Las Vegas Gas Company, a Nevada 

Corporation, as party of the second part, for a period of twenty (20) years,

WITNESSETH:

That the Party of the first part, for and in consideration of the covenants and
conditions hereinafter to be kept and performed by the party of the second part and for
and in consideration of the rent hereinafter reserved to be paid does hereby lease, demise
and rent unto the party of the second part a plat of ground owned by said City, 

approximately 200 feet for the erection of a Gas Plant for the distribution of gas to the United	

States Government for use at the Gunnery School to be erected near the Airport owned by
the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, under such rules and regulations as may be
prescribed by the United States Government and the City of Las Vegas from time to time
should the exigency therefore arise.

The property leased to the party of the second part by the party of the first part
is described as follows:

"25 WEST OF THE EAST LINE OP THE NORTH WEST QUARTER OP THE NORTHWEST QUARTER OF	

SEC. 3 AND ADJOINING THE NORTH LINE OF ACCESS ROAD RIGHT OP WAY."

The rental for said premises la to be fifteen dollars per month commencing of the
tenth day of June, 1941, and fifteen dollars on each tenth day of each and every month
thereafter.

It is further agreed that in case the United States Government should abandon the
gunnery school at the said Army camp, then this lease may by mutual consent be cancelled
upon thirty days written notice given by one party to the other party.

At the expiration of the time of this lease the party of the second part shall have
the right to remove from said leased property the said gas plant at their own expense and
upon conditions that they leave said premises in as good order as they now are.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, A MUNICIPAL CORPORATION

BY:	Howell C. Garrison

Mayor

Las Vegas Gas Company, Party of the Second Part.

By:	Howard M. Lang

Vice-President

Attest:	Helen Scott

city Clerk	

SEAL

STATE OP CALIFORNIA ) ss.

COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES )

On this 20th day of Juno, A.D., 1941, before me, Orville A. Schulenberg, a Notary Public
in and for the said County add State, personally appeared Howard M. Lang, Vice-President
of las Vegas Gas Company, the Corporation that executed the within Instrument, known to
me to be the person who executed the within Instrument, on behalf of the Corporation
herein named, and acknowledged to me that such Corporation executed the same.

In Witness Whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day and
year in this certificate first above written.

Orville A. Schulenberg	

Notary Public in and for
Said County and State

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) SS.

On this 10th day of July, nineteen hundred and forty one, personally appeared before me,
a Notary Public in and for said County and State, Howell C. Garrison, Mayor of the City
of Las Vegas, and Helen Scott, City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, known to me to be
the person described in and who executed the foregoing instrument, who acknowledged to
me that they executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes 

therein mentioned.

Helen J. Redford
Notary public in and for the
County of Clark, State of Nevada