411	

or material or thing connected with the erection of any such buildings or structures.

Any buildings, hangars, structures, fixtures, and equipment heretofore or hereafter 

erected or installed by Lessee are to remain the property of Leasee during the
term of this lease or any renewal thereof. All of said buildings, hangars, structures,
fixtures, and equipment hereinabove referred to may be removed by Lessee at any time
up to six (6) months after the termination of this lease, and if not so removed, shall
become a part of the land on which they are erected, and title shall thereafter vest
in the name of Lessor.

XI.

Leasee agrees to furnish sufficient personnel for the reasonable servicing of
transient aircraft at said Airport with gasoline, oil, grease, fuel, and other 

lubricants and for the operation of its fuel storage plant and equipment.

XII.

It is understood and agreed that if the requirements of Leasees are such that
additional space in said administration building or any addition thereto is needed by
Lessee, and if such apace is not already used by other paying tenants of Lessor, then
and in such event Lessee shall have the right to use such necessary additional space;
provided, however in the event Lessee shall be placed in possession of additional space
in the administration building under this paragraph and thereafter Lessor receives an
acceptable and bona fide offer from a prospective tenant to rent such space on a
revenue basis, Lessee shall have the option of dispossessing such space or remaining
in possession upon payment of the same revenue offered by the prospective tenant and
for the same term embraced in the offer.

XIII.

Lessor shall adopt and enforce rules and regulations which Lessee agrees to 

observe and obey with respect to the use of the Airport, which shall provide for the
safety of those using the same; provided that such rules and regulations shall be
consistent with safety and with rules, regulations, and orders of the Civil Aeronautics
Board with respect to aircraft operations at said Airport; and provided further that
such rules and regulations shall not be inconsistent with the provisions of this
lease or the procedures prescribed or approved from time to time by the Civil 

Aeronautics Board with respect to landing and taking-off of Lessee's aircraft at said
Airport.

XIV.

Lessor shall have no control whatsoever over the rates, fares, or charges that
Lessee may prescribe for any of its services by air or land to, from or through said
Airport, or between the Airport and its ticket offices or other stopping places in the
City of Las Vegas, the intent hereof being that Lessee may establish such rates, fares,
and charges as it, in its uncontrolled discretion, may desire to establish, subject,
however, to any, and all appropriate rules, regulations, or orders of the Civil 

Aeronautics Board.

XV.

If the administration building shall be damaged by fire or other casualty, the
same shall be repaired with due diligence by Lessor at its own cost and expense. In
case said administration building is completely destroyed by fire or casualty, or so
damaged that it cannot reasonably be repaired within thirty (30) working days, then
and in such event Lessee shall have the right to construct at a convenient place at a