317

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 5th day of January A.D. 1944, between the COUNTY OF CLARK,
a body politic of the State of Nevada, acting by and through its Board of County Commissioners 

thereunto duly authorized, hereinafter called first party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, a body politic, the second party;

	WITNESSETH:

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar, lawful
money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to it in
hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners, the
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant, bargain, sell, convey,
and confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot,
piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being
a portion of the S 1/2 of the SE 1/4 of the SW 1/4 of the SW 1/4 of Section 33, T. 20 S., R. 61 E.,

M.D.B.&M., and more particularly described by metes and bounds as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at a point on the south boundary line of Section 33, T. 20 S., R. 61 E.

M.	D.B.&M., said point of beginning further described as bearing S. 89°53'30" E.
a distance of 662.20 feet from the southwest corner of said Section 33; thence

N.	0°12'43" E. along the east boundary line of Rose Street of the Woodland Park
Subdivision a distance of 58.00 feet to a point on the new Highway right of way
line, thence S. 86°05'E. along said right of way line a distance of 120.56 feet
to a point: thence S. 89°53'30" E. a distance of 431.89 feet to a point; thence
s. 0°12'43" W., a distance of 50.00 feet to a point of the south boundary line
of said section 33 at Highway Engineer's Station "P"87+41.36 P.O.T.; thence N.

89°53'30" W. along said boundary line a distance of 441.20 feet to the point of
beginning; said right of way for public highway containing an area of 0.643 acres,
more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues
and profits thereof.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed the
day and year herein first above written.

COUNTY OF CLARK, by and through
its Board of County Commissioners.

(S) James H. Down

-	chairman 

(S) Ira J. Earl  Member

(S) Rodney Colton
Member

STATE OF NEVADA )

)ss.

County of Clark )

On this 5th day of January, A.D. one thousand nine hundred and forty-four, personally
appeared before me, Lloyd S. Payne, County Clerk and Ex-Officio Clerk of the Eighth Judicial
District Court, Clark County, Nevada, James H. Down, known to me to be the Chairman of the
county that executed the foregoing instrument, and upon oath did depose that he is the
officer of said county as above designated; that he is acquainted with the seal of said
county, and that the seal affixed to said instrument is the seal of said county; that the
signatures to said instrument were made by the officers of said county as indicated after
said signatures, and that the said county executed the said instrument freely and voluntarily
and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day
and year in this certificate first above written.

(S) Lloyd S. Payne

County Clerk and Ex-Officio Clerk of the

Eighth Judicial District Court,

Clark, County, Nevada