20

VII

Within six months after date of this Permit, the Permittee shall file in the
office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a plat showing the location and
position of all water mains, water pipe lines and laterals now installed and laid
down, and showing the location and position of any water mains, water pipe lines and
laterals proposed to be installed and laid down under the authority hereby granted;
should Permittee thereafter desire to extend its water mains, pipe lines and laterals
in said city, it shall file in the office of the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas
a plat showing the location and position of any water mains, water pipe lines and
laterals proposed to be installed and laid down other than those delineated on plat
theretofore filed.

VIII

Upon the acceptance hereof by said Las Vegas Land and Water Company, the Permit
heretofore granted to Las Vegas Land and Water Company by this Board on the 2nd day of
September, 1927, for the use of the streets and alleys in the Original Townsite of Las
Vegas, for the purpose of laying water mains and laterals to supply the inhabitants of
said Original Townsite with water, and the Permit heretofore granted by this Board to
Hawkins Land & Water Co. to use the streets and alleys of the South Addition to the
City of Las Vegas for said purposes, and thereafter assigned to Las Vegas Land and
Water Company, and the Permit heretofore granted to W. E. Hawkins to use the streets
and alleys of Hawkins Addition to the City of Las Vegas for said purposes, and thereafter
assigned to Las Vegas Land and Water Company, and the Permit heretofore granted to S. W.
Craner to use the streets and alleys of Buck's Subdivision to the City of Las Vegas for
said purposes, and thereafter assigned to Las Vegas Land and Water Company,	shall be

terminated and cancelled and no longer of any force or effect.

IX

The privileges hereby granted to said Permittee shall inure to the benefit of
said Permittee, its successors and assigns, for a period of fifty (50) years from and
after the date hereof, provided said Permittee shall not be entitled to assign this
Permit or any rights hereunder without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners
of said City of Las Vegas first had and obtained in writing.

X.

This Permit shall become effective upon the acceptance of	same in	writing	by the

permittee within forty days from the date of its passage, but in	default	of	such	

acceptance the same shall be of no effect.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, on the
21st day of February, 1930.

Executed in pursuance of the Order of said Board of City Commissioners by the
Mayor, the City Clerk, and the Water Works, Sewerage and Light Commissioner, thereunto
duly authorized this 21st day of February 1930, executed in duplicate.

BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

By J. F. Hesse
Its Mayor

By L. B. Housell

Its Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

The foregoing permit accepted the 25th day of February, 1930.

LAS VEGAS LAND AND WATER COMPANY

By F. H. Knickerbocker
Its Vice-President

Attest:

C. W. Bloomy
Its Secretary