417

14.	The Lessor Warrants that he has not employed any person to solicit or se-
cure this lease upon any agreement for a commission, percentage, brokerage, or
contingent fee. Breach of this warranty shall give the Government the right to annul
the lease, or, in its discretion, to deduct from the rental the a mount of such com-
mission, percentage, brokerage, or contingent fees. This warranty shall not apply to
commissions payable by lessors upon contracts or leases secured or made through bona
fide established commercial or selling agencies maintained by the Lessor for the pur-
pose of securing business.

15.	No member of or Delegate to Congress or Resident Commissioner shall be
admitted to any share or part of this lease or to any benefit that may arise there-
from, but this provision shall not be construed to extend to this lease if made with
a corporation for its general benefit.

16.	The Government, during the period that said premises are used exclusively
for military purposes, shall repair and maintain in serviceable condition the landing
areas and improvements, facilities and equipment thereon used by the Government; provided
that during the period of this lease or any renewal, whenever said premises are not used
exclusively for military purposes, the Government shall perform its proportionate share
of the repairs and maintenance of said premises to the extent made necessary by their
use by the Government, and the Lessor shall perform its proportionate share of addi-
tional repairs and maintenance.

17. From the date of commencement of this lease to a date six months after the
termination of the unlimited National Emergency declared by the President on May 27,

1941 (Proclamation N. 2487), the government shall have the exclusive use of the demised
premises; provided that the term of this lease or any renewal thereof shall expire six
months after the termination of the said unlimited national emergency, unless the said
lease, with the approval of the Secretary of War and the Administrator of Civil
Aeronautics, or successors, is further renewed annually under the provisions of Para-
graph 2 hereof; provided further that during the periods for which provision is made for
exclusive use of the premises for military purposes, the military commander may from time
to time permit by instruments in writing, the use by commercial, private or other-
none-military aircraft of landing areas whenever and no such periods of time as said use
does not interfere with military operations but all such uses shall be subject to such
rules, regulations and control as the military commander may prescribe, subject to the
provisions of Paragraphs 19 and 20.

18.	The Government, at its option, may leave in place the alterations and im-
provements made to landing areas in lieu of the restoration of landing areas, as
provided in Paragraph 8 of this lease.

19.	The Government covenants and agrees that none of the terms or provisions
of this lease shall abrogate the right of the lessor to continue the operation of
Las Vegas Airport as a civil airline airport and air terminal, neither shall any
provision of this lease abrogate any leases or agreements between Lessor and civil
airline and air transport operators authorized under Federal law to use the airport;
subject only to such emergency restrictions as may be placed on such operations by
military authority for reasons of national security.

20.	The Lessor agrees to continue to operate the Las Vegas Airport as a major
air terminal, together with all lighting, radio and other air navigation aids, faci-
lities and conveniences essential and common to such operation and not operated by the
Government, as Federal aids to air navigation.

21.	This lease superceded Lease No W 766 qm 5336 and Supplemental Agreement No.l
thereto, and add lease is hereby cancelled. Any additions, fixtures or structures
placed upon the demised premises during the term of that lease by the Government shall
remain the property of the Government.

Paragraphs 16, 17, 18, 19, 20 and 21 added prior to signature.

Paragraphs 8, 9, 10 and 11 deleted prior to signature.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have hereunto subscribed their names
as of the date written above:

In presence of :

/s/ Helen Scott Reed	The City of Las Vegas, Nevada

City Clerk	Lessor

Las Vegas, Nevada________ By:	/s/ E. W. Cragin_______

(Address)"	Mayor

/s/ M. Cazier________

Auditor	^

(Address)	———————————————

THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,

By:	/s/ Leo B. Varty

Contracting Officer

Leo B. Varty

Captain

Corps of Engineers

Contracting Officer