311

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 2lst day of October A.D. 1943, between MURRAY WOLLMAN,
hereinafter called first party and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
a body politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar,
lawful money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration,
to him in hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city comm-
issioners, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant,
bargain, sell, convey, and confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever,
all that certain lot, piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and being a portion of Lots 12 to 15 inclusive, and Lots 24 to 28
inclusive in Blck 26 and Lots 5 to 7 inclusive and 9 to 11 Inclusive of Block 27 of the
Pioneer Heights Addition in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, filed
in Book A of Plats, Records of said County, lying between the northerly line of Charleston
Boulevard as conveyed to the City of Las Vegas by deed recorded in Book 22 of Deeds at
Page 131, Instrument No. 57919, and a line parallel with and 10 feet northerly at right
angles from said northerly line, and extending from State Highway Engineer's Station "E"

163+14 more or less; said right of way for highway purposes containing an area of 0.143
of an acre, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues
and profits thereof.

The undersigned covenants and agrees for himself, his heairs, executors, administrators, 

successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device,
other than those, not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles 

produced or sold by the undersigned, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in
or upon the remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, Immediately adjoining 

the lands in said deed conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the
highway right of way line, measured at right angles to said line; and that no building or
permanent structure shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon said remaining
lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands therein
conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the exterior boundary of the
highway right of way. This provision is hereby declared to be a perpetual covenant and
shall be construed as a real covenant attached to and running with the land.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed the
day and year herein first above written.

(S) Murray Wollman
(S) Agnes Tollman

STATE OF NEVADA)

) ss.

County of Clark)

On this 21st day of October A.D. one thousand nine hundred and forty-three personally
appeared before me, Dale B. Pruett, a Notary Public in and for the said County of Clark,

MURRAY WOLLMAN, known to me to be the person described in and who executed the foregoing
instrument, who acknowledged to me that he executed the same freely and voluntarily and
for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my
office in the County of Clark, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

Dale B. Pruett_________

Notary Public in and for the County
of Ormsby, State of Nevada