201

CONTRACT

THIS INDENTURE, made this 1st day of March, 1944, by and between the City of Las Vegas,
a municipal corporation duly organized and existing under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of Nevada, hereinafter sometimes referred to as the party of the first part, and
W. T. Stewart, Las Vegas, Nevada, hereinafter sometimes referred to as the party of the
	second part.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is desirous of disposing of all wet garbage picked up
by the City Garbage Department, and whereas, the party of the second part is desirous of
	purchasing all wet garbage collected by the City of Las Vegas.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of a mutual covenance and agreeance of the parties
hereinafter set forth, it is mutually agreed and understood as follows, to-wit:

Paragraph 1. The party of the first part agrees to deliver to the party of the second
part all wet garbage collected by the party of the first part, through its agents, employees,
and officers, said garbage to be delivered to the party of the second part on those premises
commonly known as the Old Ranch, said premises being located on North Fifth Street, in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

Paragraph 2. The party of the first part agrees to deliver all the aforementioned
garbage to the party of the second part for and in consideration of the sum of $125.00 per
month. Said payments are to be paid as follows, to-wit:	$125.00	upon the execution of this

agreement, and a like sum one month from the date of the execution of this agreement with
future payments to be made on the 1st day of each month hereafter.

Paragraph 3. The party of the second part agrees to take all wet garbage delivered
by the party of the first part to the premises known as the Old Ranch on North Main Street,
in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and agrees to pay the sum of
$125.00 per month, the payments to be made as follows, to-wit:	$125.00 upon the execution

of this agreement and the sum of $125.00 on the 1st day of April, 1944, with like sums of
$125.00 due on the 1st day of each and every month thereafter for the full term of this
agreement.

It is mutually understood by and between the parties hereto that this contract shall be
for a term of one (1) year from date of execution.

It is mutually understood and agreed by and between the parties hereto that the party
of the second part shall designate one location on the Old Ranch to which the garbage shall
be delivered, and the party of the first shall be under no obligation to deliver the wet
garbage to any other location, save and except the one so designated by the party of the
second part.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have hereunto set our hand and seal this 1st day of March, 1944.

(S) E. W. Cragin ____________

Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas

ATTEST:

(S) Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

(S) W. T. Stewart
Party of the Second Part