403

WHEREAS, it la acceptable to lessor that said building be constructed by lessee on
property owned by the City, to be hereinafter more fully described.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is agreed by and between the parties as follows, to-wit: Lessor
hereby agrees to lease to lessee the following described property for said lessee to erect a local
headquarters building for the use and purpose of lessee, said property being more fully described,
as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at a point which is the center line inter-section of
East Stewart Avenue and North Fifth Street, as shown on plat
of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, as recorded on page 37, Book 1
of Plats, in the Office of the Recorder, County of Clark, State
od Nevada; thence North 6l°-47' west along the center line of
East Stewart Avenue a distance of 970.00 feet to a point; thence
North 28°-13' East a distance of 290.00 feet to the northwest
(NW) corner of the Federal Building Site; thence South 6l°-47'

East along the northerly boundary of said Federal Building Site
a distance of 70.00 feet to the true point of beginning; thence
North 28°-13' East a distance of 132.26 feet to a point; thence
South 25°-02' East a distance of 68.09 feet to a point; thence
easterly along the arc of a circle of turning to the left and
tangent to the line last mentioned, with a radius of 352.22 feet
and an arc length of 64.68 feet to a point; thence South 28°-13'

West a distance of 57.39 feet to a point on the northerly boundary
of the Federal Building Site; thence North 61°-47' West along said
northerly boundary a distance of 110.00 feet to the true point
of beginning, containing 0.248 acres of land, more or less.

Paragraph 1. Lessor leases said property lessee for a period of ten years from date,
at rental of $1.00 per year, payable in advance.

Paragraph 2. Lessor makes this lease upon the conditions that prior to the erection
or construction of the building by the lessee that said lessees submit to lessor plans and
specifications for same, said plana and specifications to include type of building and style
of same in order that lessor might approve the plans of said building as to style and type of
construction. This lease and agreement between parties hereto is conditional upon the City
approving the type of construction of the building to be placed on the premises subject to this
lease.

Paragraph 3. Lessor to give the lessee an option to renew this lease upon the same terms and 
conditions as hereinafter and hereinabove set forth for a period of five years from the date of
expiration of this lease providing, however, that lessee shall give notice of its intention to
exercise the option at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the terms of this lease
by mailing to the lessor, registered mail, notice of said intention to exercise the option.

Paragraph 4. The lessee agrees to pay the sum of $1.00 per year under the terms of
this lease, as rental for the premises hereinabove described.

Paragraph 5. lessee further agrees to submit plans and specifications for building
to be erected on the premises prior to commencement of such construction, and lessee further agrees
that the benefits enuring to the lessee under the terms of this lease shall be and are dependent
upon the entire approval of the lessor of the type and plans of construction for said building.

Paragraph 6. Lessee further agrees to make all necessary connections to public utility
lines and to pay all expenses incurred in the use of said utilities.

Paragraph 7. It is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that lessee may at
the termination of this lease on any option exercised thereunder remove the building to be
hereinbefore described providing that at the time of such removal proper action is taken by the
lessee to leave the property of the subject in this lease in the same condition as the same was
prior to the construction and erection of the building by lessee.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have hereunto set our hands this 7th day of March, 1944.

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed	A. F. Smith. Sr.

City Clerk	Mayor Pro Tem, City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)