3

Limitation of Minimum Cost and Minimum Area:	No dwelling costing less than Five Thousand

($5000.00) Dollars shall be permitted on any residential plot. The ground floor area of the main
structure, exclusive of one-story open porches and garages, shall be not less than twelve hundred
(1200) square feet.

Building Height Limit:	The maximum building height shall be two and one-half (2 1/2) stories

	or thirty-five (35) feet for any dwelling structure.

Accessory or out-buildings incidental to each dwelling shall not be more than one story
in height.

3. LIMITATION OF USE AND OCCUPANCY:	No portion of said tract of land and no interest in

any of said tract shall be conveyed, transferred, leased or demised to, occupied by, or held by
	any person unless he be of the Caucasian or white race. Neither said tract of land nor any part

thereof nor any of the plots shown on said map shall be used in any manner whatsoever or occupied
by any negro, Chinese, Japanese, hindu, armenian, asiatic or native of the turkish empire, or any
descendants thereof.

The covenants in this paragraph numbered 3 shall	not prevent the employment of a person

not of	the Caucasian race by a	resident upon any of said	plots as a servant or employee of such

resident.

4.	SEWAGE DISPOSAL:	All sewage disposal shall	be by means of connection to the Las Vegas

City	sanitary sewer system, or	if such sanitary sewer is	not existant or available for use at the

time any dwelling is constructed, by a sewage disposal system or individual septic tank for each
separate dwelling within the tract. The type, construction, and location on respective plots

of any such septic tank and the disposal field in connection therewith shall prior to construction
	of such tank, be approved in writing by the appropriate health authorities of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada. No cesspools or outside toilets or privy shall be constructed, maintained or
permitted on any of said plots or parcels in said tract.

5.	UTILITIES EASEMENTS:	There are hereby reserved, created, imposed and retained, certain

easements, servitudes and rights of way over, along, upon and under the plots in this tract, for
the erection, construction and maintenance of (A) poles, wires, and conduits for transmission of
electricity for light, telephone and other purposes and for the necessary attachments in connection
therewith; (B) Public and private sewers, public and private septic tanks, storm water drains,
land drains and pipes, water and gas mains and pipes; and (C) any other method of conducting and
performing any public or quasi-public utility or function over or beneath the surface of the ground.

The right to use, enjoyment, supervision, direction, control and maintenance of said ease-
ments for the purposes aforesaid is hereby reserved and vested in the undersigned, their grantees,
successors and assigns, who shall have the right of ingress and egress thereto and therefrom, and
	the right, privilege and easement of using the lands charged with said easements for the purposes

aforesaid, and of doing whatever may be necessary or in their judgment convenient for the carrying
out of any of the purposes for which said easements are reserved, with the right to remove trees or
overhanging branches of trees thereon, and the right to construct, install and maintain all things
	contemplated or reasonably included within the purposes hereinbefore specified, with the power to

grant to or delegate to any public or municipal or other corporation or individual, the right
to exercise said rights, or to erect, construct or maintain any thereof.

The owner or owners of plots upon which said easements are located are hereby given the
right to use, at their own risk, that portion of the easements within the limits of their plots for
garden purposes, but not for the placing or construction of any portion of said easements or
improvements of a permanent character or any that may interfere with the use or maintenance of