118

Fifth Payment: When the working drawings and specifications are completed, a
payment of $l,000.00 shall be made by the Owner to the Architect.

Sixth Payment:	Upon the approval of the working drawings and specifications

by the Owner, a payment of $250.00 shall be made by the Owner to the Architect.

REMAINING PAYMENTS:	The balance of the fee of $2,250.00 shall be paid in six

equal payments of $320.00 a month. The final $320.00 payment shall not become due and
payable until the construction contract is complete and the building accepted by the
Owner.

Payments to the Architect, other than those on his fee, fall due from time to time
as his work is done or as costs are incurred.

No deductions shall be made from the Architect's fee on account of penalty,
liquidated damages, or other sums withheld from payments to contractors.

6.	SURVEY, BORINGS AND TESTS -- The Owner shall so far as the work under this

agreement may require, furnish the Architect with the following information:	A complete

and accurate survey of the building sits, giving the grades and lines of streets, pavements,
and adjoining properties; the rights, restrictions, easements, boundaries, and contours

of the building site, and full information as to sewer, water, gas and electrical service.

The Owner is to pay for borings or test pits and for chemical, mechanical, or other tests
when required.

7.	SUPERVISION OF THE WORK -- The Architect will endeavor to guard the Owner
against defects and deficiencies in the work of contractor, but he does not guarantee the
performance of their contracts. The supervision of an Architect is to be distinguished
from the continuous personal superintendence to be obtained by the employment of a clerk-
of-the-works.

It is understood by the Owner and the Architect that the Owner shall furnish
and pay for a clerk-of-the-works. The clerk-of-the-works shall be responsible to the
Architect and shall carry out the Architect's instructions in detail. He shall further
make daily reports to the Architect as to the progress of the work and he shall make no 

changes in the work without the written permission the the Architect and the Owner.

It is further understood by the Owner and the Architect that in the event the
Federal Works Agency insists that the clerk-of-the-works be paid for by the Architect,
that the Owner will reimburse the Architect for all such expense.

8. ABANDONMENT OR INDEFINITE POSTPONEMENT OF THE PROJECT -- If the Owner, in its
sole discretion, should deem it necessary or desirable to abandon or indefinitely 

postpone the prosecution of the project for which the professional services described in this
Agreement are to be rendered, the Owner may terminate this Agreement by giving the Architect/ 

Engineer written notice of such abandonment or indefinite postponement and of the
termination of this agreement. In the event of such termination, the Owner shall pay to
the Architect/Engineer as full payment for all services performed and all expenses incurred
under this agreement an amount which bears the same ratio to the total fee otherwise 

payable under this Agreement as the services actually rendered hereunder by the Architect/
Engineer bear to the total services necessary for the full performance of this Agreement.

There shall be deducted from such amount, however, all payments theretofore made by the Owner
under this Agreement to the Architect/engineer. In ascertaining the services actually 

rendered hereunder up to both complete work and work in the process of completion and to complete
and incomplete drawings and other documents whether delivered to the Owner or in the 

possession of the Architect/Engineer. Provisions for the payment of the total fee through 

installment payments shall not be controlling in computing the amount payable hereunder upon the
termination of the Agreement.

If upon payment of the amount required to be paid under this paragraph following
the termination of this Agreement, the Owner thereafter should determine to complete the
original project or substantially the same project, the Owner for such purpose shall have the
privilege of:

(a)	Utilizing any and all completed drawings, specifications
estimates and other completed contract documents prepared
under this Agreement by the Architect/Engineer, who shall
make them available to the Owner upon request without 

additional compensation, and

(b)	Requiring the completion by the Architect/Engineer of any

and all partially completed drawings, specifications, 

estimates, and other partially completed contract documents and
the delivery of such documents to the Owner, in consideration
of which the Archtiect/Engineer shall be paid by the Owner an
amount representing the value of the additional services 

performed computed in the same manner as above provided for the
compution of the Architect/Engineer's compensation upon the
termination of this Agreement:	Provided, however, that an

appropriate deduction must be made for any prior compensation 

theretofore received by the Archltect/Engineer for such
partially completed documents.

Termination Upon Architect/Engineer's Defaults. If the Architect/Engineer should
fail to perform any of his obligations hereunder within the time and in the manner herein
provided or otherwise violates any of the terms of this agreement, the Owner may terminate
this agreement by giving the Architect/Engineer written notice of such termination, stating
the reason for such termination. In such event the Archltect/Engineer shall be entitled
to receive as full payment for all services satisfactorily rendered hereunder by the Architect/

Engineer bears to the total services otherwise required to be performed for such total