2

of a temporary character be used as a residence.

It is the intent and purpose of this covenant to prohibit the maintenance, operation
or carrying on of any trade, commercial or manufacturing enterprise of any kind, character
or description upon any of the plots shown on said map and to prohibit the doing of anything
which may be or become an annoyance or nuisance to the owners or residents upon other plots
in the said tract of land.

Building Site Area Required:	The minimum building site area shall be one lot or a	

parcel of land one (1) acre for each single-family dwelling.

Setback and Side Yard Required:	No building shall be located nearer to the front

line of any plot than fifty (50) feet, or nearer the side line of any plot than twenty (20)
feet.	The front line common to all plots shall be the street line of Charleston Boulevard

excepting when any parcel is or may be resubdivided the front line of such new parcel or plot
shall be Ellis Avenue as platted on said map.

The setback from any side street line or reserved strip or portion for street purpose
shall be Thirty (30) feet.

Fences and Hedges:	No wall, fence or hedge over three and one-half (3 1/2) feet in

height shall be erected or maintained on any plot or parcel or property line thereof, within
any required setback area. No wall, fence or hedge, greater than six (6) feet in height
shall be erected or maintained upon any plot or parcel or property line thereof without
written approval by the architectural committee.

Resubdivision of Plots or Parcels:	Parcels or plots as platted on the said recorded

map may not be resubdivided except to create a Northerly or southerly half of such existing
parcel or plot, excepting Parcel #1 may be resubdivided into four plots, but no parcel or	

plot may be created that at any time will be less than one (1) acre in area.

2. ARCHITECTURAL CONTROL:	No structure shall be erected, constructed, placed,

altered enlarged, occupied or used on any building plot in the tract until the building plans,
specifications, and plot plan showing the location of such building have been approved in writing
as to conformity and harmony of external design with existing structures in the tract, and as
to location of the building with respect to property and setback lines, topography and
finished ground elevation, by a committed composed of WILLIAM E. ELLIS, GEORGE ALBRIGHT,
and Guy Mathis, or by a representative designated by a majority of the members of said
committee. In the event of death or resignation of any member of said committee, the 

remaining member or members shall have full authority to approve or disapprove such design
and location, or to designate a representative with like authority. In the event said 

committee or its designated representative fails to approve or disapprove such design and
location within thirty days after said plans and specifications have been submitted to it	

or, in any event, if no suit to enjoin the erection of such building or the making of such
alteration has been commenced prior to the completion thereof, such approval will not be
required and this covenant will be deemed to have been fully complied with.

Neither the members of such committee, nor its designated representative shall be
entitled to any compensation for services rendered pursuant to this covenant. The powers and 

duties of such committee shall cease on and after January 1, 1954. Thereafter the approval
described in this covenant shall not be required unless prior to said date and effective
thereon, a written instrument shall be executed by the then recorded owners of a majority
of the plots above described and duly recorded appointing a representative, or representatives,
who shall thereafter exercise the same powers previously exercised by said committee.