402

purposes onto the above described land.

The LESSEES agree to maintain the property without nuisance and to hold the City
free of any damage resulting from negligence on this part or any damage resulting from
allowing water to pass beyond the boundaries of the land leased by him.

The LESSEES further agree to farm the above described land and to produce feed

crops.

The LESSEES further agree that they will not use the water for the production of	

crops for human consumption or the watering of dairy cattle.

The LESSEES further agree to make their requests for the delivery of water in
writing to the ditch rider not less than 15 days before delivery is desired.

The LESSEES, further agree that this lease will not be transferable without the
	approval of the LESSOR, and ho further agrees that a strip thirty feet wide, fifteen feet on	

each aide of the center line of the canals which may touch on or cross the parcel leased by
them shall be kept free of any obstruction for the purpose of maintenance of said canal, and
they further agree that right-of-ways along the borders of the E 1/2, Section 36, shall be left
free of obstructions for the maintenance of road-ways.

The LESSEES further agree to fence all of the property under subject of this
lease provided, however, that said fencing need only be done as rapidly as the land is put
into cultivation and further providing, however, that LESSEES herein are able to secure
priorities for the necessary fencing, provided, however, LESSEES shall have the right to
remove the fences and any other improvements at the expiration of this lease.

LESSEES further agree to hold the City free of any damage resulting from negligence
on their part on any damage resulting from permitting water to pass beyond the boundary of the
land subject to this lease.

____	E. W. Cragin

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed	Mayor

-------------City Clerk

M. E. Leavitt

(SEAL)

Wes Neeley

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

On this 24th day of January, 1944, personally appeared before me, the undersigned,
a Notary Public in and for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, M. E. Leavitt and Wes Neeley,
known to me to be the persons described in and who executed the foregoing instrument, and who
acknowledged to me that they executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and
purposes therein mentioned.

Richard M. Simonton

My Commission expires:	Notary Public in and for the

Deo. 4, 1947*	County of Clark, State of Nevada,

	(SEAL)	

——oOo——

LEASE No. 2. (44)

THIS AGREEMENT made and entered into this 7th day of March, 1944, by and between
the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation, hereinafter sometimes called lessor, and the
American National Red Cross, Las Vegas Chapter, sometimes hereinafter called lessee.

WHEREAS, the lessor is the owner of certain property, said property a portion of the
City known as the City Park, and

WHEREAS, the lessee is anxious to construct a building to house its local headquarters,

and