310

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 3rd day of November, A. D. 1943, between SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER
COMPANY, hereinafter called First Party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, a body politic, the Second Party;

WITNESSETH:

That the First Party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($l.OO) Dollar, lawful
money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to it in
hand paid for and on behalf of the Second Party by and through its city commissioners, the
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant, bargain, sell, convey,
and confirm unto the said Second Party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot,
piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being
a portion of the NE 1/4 of the NW 1/4 of Section 2, T. 21 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B.&M., in the City of
Los Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, lying between the southerly line of Charleston
Boulevard as conveyed to the City of Las Vegas by deed recorded in Book 22 of Deeds at page
132, Records of said County, and a line parallel with and 10 feet southerly at right angles
from said southerly line and extending from Highway Engineer's Station "E" 181+45.00 to
"E" 182+45.00; said right of way for highway purposes containing an area of .023 of an acre,
more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, Issues and
profits thereof.

The undersigned company covenants and agrees for Itself, its heirs, executors, 

administrators, successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device, other
than those, not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles produced
or sold by the undersigned company, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon the
remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned company, immediately adjoining the
lands in said deed conveyed and within a	distance of	twelve (12) feet from	the highway	right

of way line, measured at right angles to	said line;	and that no building or permanent

structure shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon said remaining lands and
premises now owned by the undersigned company, immediately adjoining the lands therein 

conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the exterior boundary of the highway
right of way. This provision is hereby declared to be a perpetual covenant and shall be
construed as a real covenant attached to	and running	with the land.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises	unto the said Party of the Second	Part and to	its

successors and assigns forever.

RESERVING to said First Party, however, anything to the contrary herein notwithstanding,
a right of way and easement for a pole line and transmission line along the parcel of land
hereby conveyed, as the same now exists, together with all poles and wires and the fixtures,
appurtenances and appliances connected therewith, and the guy wires and anchors therefor,
with the right at all times hereafter, to renew, repair and maintain the same; with the
further right reserved to enter into and upon the parcel hereby conveyed for the purpose of
installing and thereafter repairing and maintaining, poles and frames for switches, 

transformers and other electrical appliances.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the said First Party has caused this instrument to be executed the
day and year herein first above written.

SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER COMPANY

BY	____________________

President.

BY	(S) S. J. Lawson

Vice President.

BY	(S) L. Ronnow_____________

Asst. Secretary.

STATE OF NEVADA)

)SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK)

On this 3rd day of November, 1943, personally appeared before me, Dalton H. Buck, a Notary
Public in and for Clark County, S. J. Lawson, known to me to be the Vice President of the
corporation that executed the foregoing instrument, and upon oath, did depose that he is the
officer of said corporation as above designated; that he is acquainted with the seal of said
corporation and that the seal affixed to said instrument is the corporate seal of said 

corporation; that the signatures to said instrument were made by officers of said corporation
as indicated after said signatures; and that the said corporation executed the said 

instrument freely and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day and
year in this certificate first above written.

(S) Dalton H. Buck	_______

Notary Public in and for the
County of Clark, State of Nevada.