13

thence, West along a line parallel with and situate 3 ft. North of the South
end line of Blocks, 9, 4 and 3 to the center of the alley in said Block 3 crossing
Hill, LaSalle and Clark Streets; also,

Commencing at the center of the alley of said Block 4 at a point 3 ft. North
of the South end line of said Block; thence North along the center of the alleys
in Blocks 4, 5 and 6 crossing Mesquite and Linden Avenue and, also,

Commencing at the center of the alley in said Block 9 at a point 3 ft. North
of the South end line of said Block 9; thence, North along the center of the
alley in Blocks 9, 8, 7 and crossing Mesquite and Linden Avenues.

The Permittee to lay a four inch water main throughout its whole system.

For said purposes the said Permittee shall have the right to make the necessary
excavations in said streets, avenues and alleys; providing, said Permittee shall:

(a)	In all cases, after making any excavation in the streets, avenues or alleye,
promptly restore such street, avenue or alley to its former condition,

(b)	Fully observe all of the ordinances of said City of Las Vegas, now in
existence, or which may hereafter be adopted relative to the making of excavations in
such streets, avenues or alleys.

(c)	At all times hold City of Las Vegas harmless from any and all liability for
damages to persons or property caused by such excavations made in the streets, avenues
or alleys within the territory to which this permit extends.

As further conditions upon which this permit is granted it is provided:

1.	That the Municipal authorities shall further have the power to make all ne-
cessary rules and regulations for the laying and maintaining of all water pipe and
apparatus, and shall have the power to change the rules and regulations from time

to time as in their judgment may seem just end proper.

2.	The municipal authorities shall also have the right to direct the change in
location at any time of such pipe lines, water mains, laterals, and appliances, and
to establish and change the grades of said streets, avenues and alleys.

3.	Said Permittee shall at all times keep said pipes, mains, laterals and
appliances in proper condition and repair, so that the same shall not damage or ob-
struct the use of said streets, avenues or alleys for travel or for public uses by
reason of leakage or otherwise.

4. Said Permittee will install and maintain at own expense for each block one
fire plub, of such design as shall be designated by the Chief of the Fire Department
of the City of Las Vegas, at such points as the Board of City Commissioners may From
time to time designate. No charge shall be charged to the City of Las Vegas for water
used from fire plugs for fire extinguishment and prevention and other reasonable public
purposes.

A violation of any of the provisions of this Permit shall be ground for and entitle
said City of Las Vegas to revoke this Permit in whole or in part, or said City may
pursue such other remedy or course as the law permits. Said City hereby reserves all
rights incident to the grantor of a permit.

This Permit shall not be construed to authorize the Permittee to use, or to
acquire any rights in any of the streets, avenues or alleys of said City of Las Vegas
inconsistent with the future legitimate uses of such streets, avenues or alleys by
said City of Las Vegas, nor shall the grant hereby made operate in itself nor by
lapse of time or by the expenditure of moneys by permittee as an estoppel against
said City of Las Vegas in any respect whatsoever, nor shall this Permit be construed
as a grant of any right or privilege adverse to the rights of any abutting owner or
owners of property along any of the streets, avenues or alleys where said pipes, mains
laterals or appliances may be placed or maintained by said Permittee, nor to establish
any rights in the Permittee contrary to or inconsistent with the right of the original
dedicators of said streets, avenues and alleys, or their assigns.

Permittee shall not be entitled to assign this permit or any rights hereunder
without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said City first had and
obtained in writing.

This Permit shall become effective upon the acceptance of same in writing by
the Permittee within forty days from the date of its passage, but in default of
such acceptance the same shall be of no effect.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the 19th
day of July, 1929.

Executed in pursuance of the Order of said board of City Commissioners by the
Mayor, the City Clerk, and the water works, Sewerage and Light Commissioner, there-
unto duly authorized this 19 th day of July, 1929, executed in duplicate.

BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF TEE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

By:	J. F. HESSE

ITS MAYOR

BY:	L. B. HANSELL_______________

ITS WATER WORKS, SEWERAGE,

AND LIGHT COMMISSIONER.

ATTEST:	VIOLA BURNS_______

CITY CLERK

seal

The foregoing permit accepted this 31 day of July, 1929.

GRAND VIEW WATER COMPANY, INC.

Attest:	La Prile S. Wilden, Sec.	By Leo O. McManus____President