306

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 3rd day of March, A.D. 1944, between FLORENCE LEE JONES,
hereinafter called first party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
a body politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH:

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar, lawful
money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to her in	

hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners, the
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant, bargain, sell, convey,
and confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot, piece,
or parcel of land lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,	

and being a portion of the SE 1/4 of the SW 1/4 of Section 33, T. 20 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B. & M.,
lying between the present northerly 40 foot right of way line of Charleston Boulevard and a
line parallel with and 10 feet northerly at right angles from said northerly line, extending
from the east boundary line of the property owned by Clifford Jones et ux at Highway Engineer's
Station "P" .96-30- P.O.T., to the west boundary line of the property owned by J. S. and Ada L.

Bearden at Highway Engineer's Station "P" 98-35- P.O.T.; said right of way for highway purposes
containing an area of 0.047 of an acre, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues and
profits thereof.

The undersigned covenants and agrees for herself, her heirs, executors, administrators,
successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device, other than those,

	not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles produced or sold by	

the undersigned, shall be Erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon the remaining lands and
premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands in said deed conveyed and
within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the highway right of way line, measured at right
angles to said line; and that no building or permanent structure shall be erected, permitted,
or maintained in or upon said remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, imm-
ediately adjoining the lands therein conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from
the exterior boundary of the highway right of way. This provision is hereby declared to be
a perpetual covenant and shall be construed as a real covenant attached to and running with the
land.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed the
day and year herein first above written.

Florence Lae Jones__________

STATE OF NEVADA)

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK)

On this 3rd day of March, A.D. one thousand nine hundred and forty-four personally
appeared before me, Richard M. Simonton, a Notary Public in and for the said County of Clark,	

FLORENCE LEE JONES, known to me to be the person described in and who executed the foregoing
instrument, who acknowledged to me that she executed the same freely and voluntarily and for
the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my
office in the County of Clark, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

Richard M. Simonton_________

Notary Public in and for the
County of Clark, State of
Nevada.

(SEAL)

-----0O0--—-