14

PERMIT TO MARLIN WATER COMPANY

PERMISSION is hereby given and granted to MARLIN WATER COMPANY A
corporation, to install, lay and maintain water pipe lines and water mains
and connections and laterals thereto, and all necessary and proper alliances
used in connection therewith, or appurtenant thereto,in, through, over
across, under or along the following described streets and alleys of the 

City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of supplying the
inhabitants of Boulder Dam Homesites Addition, Tracts 1, 2, 3 and 4 with
water, viz: -

Commencing at a point which is the intersection of center
line of a certain alley running through Blocks 2 and 6 of
the Fairview Survey and a line Twenty (20) feet southerly
and paralleling the center line of Ogden Street; thence,
southeasterly paralleling said center line of Ogden Street
to a point which is Twenty (20) feet northwesterly from
the center line of Fourteenth Street; thence northeasterly
and paralleling the center line of Fourteenth Street to a
point which is Twenty (20) feet south from the canter line
of Poplar Street; thence easterly paralleling the center
line of Poplar Street to a point which is Twenty (20) feet
east of the center line of Bruce Street, hereinafter called
Station "A"; thence northerly and paralleling the center
line of Bruce Street to the intersection of the center line
of the alley in Block 1, Boulder Dam Homesites Addition,

Tract No. 2 (hereinafter called Station No. 1); thence
continuing northerly and paralleling the center line of
said Bruce Street to the intersection of the center line
of the alley in Block 4 Boulder Dam Homesites Addition,

Tract No. 1 (hereinafter called Station No. 2); thence,
continuing northerly and paralleling the center line of
said Bruce Street to the intersection of the center line
of the alley in Block 3 of Boulder Dam Homesites Addition,

Tract No. 1 (hereinafter called Station No. 3); thence
continuing northerly and paralleling the center line of Bruce
Street to the intersection of the center line of the alley in
Block 2 of Boulder Dam Homesites Addition, Tract No. 1 (here-
inafter called Station No. 4); thence continuing northerly
and paralleling the center line of said Bruce Street to the
intersection of the center line of the alley inBlock No l of
Boulder Dam Homesites Addition, Tract No. 1,(hereinafter
called Station No. 5); also,

Beginning at Station "A" and running southerly and 

paralleling the center line of Bruce Street to the intersection
of the center line of the alley in Block 2 of Boulder Dan
Homesites Addition, Tract No. 2, (hereinafter called Station
No. 6); thence continuing southerly and paralleling the center
line of Bruce Street to the intersection of the center line
of the alley in Block 3, Boulder Dam Homesites Addition, Tract
2, (hereinafter called Station No. 7; thence southerly and 

paralleling the center line of Bruce Street to intersection of the
center of the alley in Block 4, Boulder Dam Homesites Addition.
Tract No. 2, (hereinafter called Station No. 9); also,

Beginning at Station No. 5; thence east along the center
line of the alleys in Blocks 1 and 7 and crossing all north
and south streets in Boulder Dam Homesites Addition, Tract
No. 1; also,

Beginning at Station No. 4, thence east along the center
line of the alleys in Blocks 2 and 6 and crossing all north
and south streets in Boulder Dam Homesite Addition Tract No.

1; also,

Beginning at Station No. 3, thence east along the center
line of the alleys in Blocks 3 and 5 of Boulder Dam Homesite
Addition, Tract No. 1 and crossing all north and south Streets
in Boulder Dam Homesite Addition Tract No. 1; also,

Beginning at Station No. 2, thence east along the center
line of the alleys in Block 4 of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition,
Tract No. 1 and crossing all north and south Streets in said
Tract No. 1; thence east along the center line of the alley
in Block 7 of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No. 2 and
crossing all north and south streets in said Tract No. 2; also,

Beginning at Station No. 1; thence east along the center
line of the alleys in Blocks 1 and 6 of Boulder Dam Homesite
Addition, Tract No. 2 and crossing all north and south streets
in said Tract No. 2; thence east along the center line of the
alley in Block 6 of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No. 3
and crossing all north and south streets in said Tract NO. 3;
thence east along the center line of the alley in Block 3 of
Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No. 4; also,

Beginning at Station NO. 6; thence east along the center
line of the alleys in Blocks 2 and 5 of Boulder Dam Homesite
Addition, Tract NO. 2 and crossing all of the north and south
streets in said Tract NO. 2; thence east along the center line

of the alley in Block 5 of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract