409

said employees, passengers, guests, patrons, invitees, suppliers of materials and
furnishers of service, or their said property.

II.

Lessor acknowledges that the transfer from Lessee to Lessor of the real property
on which said Airport is located constitutes full consideration for this lease; and
agrees that during the term hereof Lessee shall not be obligated or required to pay
any rents, tolls, charges, or license fees to Lessor, except as herein otherwise 

expressly provided.

III.

Subject to earlier termination, as hereinafter provided, the term of this lease
shall be for thirty (30) years from and after the date hereof.

IV.

Lessor represents that it has the right to lease said Airport, together with all
of the facilities, rights, licenses, and privileges herein granted, and has full
authority and power to enter into this lease in respect thereof.

V.

Lessee shall have the full right of purchasing at said Airport or elsewhere
gasoline, oil, fuel, lubricating oil, grease, or any other materials, equipment, or
supplies and aircraft from any person, or company of its choice, and no charges, fees,
or tolls of any kind shall be charged by Lessor, directly or indirectly, against
Lessee or its suppliers for the privilege of using, storing, withdrawing, handling,
consuming or transporting the same to, from, or on said Airport. Nothing in this
paragraph contained shall be construed as affecting the right of Lessor to keep in
force all ordinances in effect on November 1, 1940 Imposing license fees on persons,
firms, and corporations doing business in the City of Las Vegas, or similar ordinances.

VI.

Lessor agrees that no charges, fees, tolls, licenses, taxes, or assessments,
other than herein expressly provided for, shall be charged or collected by it, directly
or indirectly, from lessee or any other persons, including, without limitation, taxi
and limousine companies or operators, employees, suppliers of materials, or furnishers
of service for the privilege of serving Lessee or transporting, loading, unloading,
or handling persons, property, or mail to, from, into, or on said Airport in connection
with Lessee's business; provided, however, that Lessor shall not be prevented from
imposing upon and charging taxi and limousine companies or operators serving said
airport the same City license fee imposed upon and charged all taxicabs or taxicab
companies alike doing business in the City of Las Vegas. Nothing in this paragraph
contained shall be construed as affecting the right to Lessor to keep in force all
ordinances in effect on November 1, 1940 imposing license fees on persons, firms and
corporations doing business in the City of Las Vegas, or similar ordinances.

VII.

If lessee is required to procure any licenses or permits from the authorities
of the City of Las Vegas to authorize and permit it to carry on any of the activities
and operations which Lessee is authorized or permitted to carry on under this lease,

Lessee may deduct the cost of such licenses and permits other than those imposed by
ordinance in force at the execution of this lease from any rentals or fees payable by
it hereunder, and if Lessee is required to procure any such licenses or permits from
the County of Clark or the State of Nevada, Lessee may deduct from any rentals or
fees payable by it hereunder the portion, if any, of the cost of such licenses or permits