123

AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT Made and entered into this 1st day of June, 1945, by and between the City of Las Vegas,
a Municipal Corporation, duly authorized and existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada,
hereinafter called the first party and Cuba Clos and Peter Clos, husband and wife, hereinafter called the second
parties.

WITNESSETH:

That in consideration of the execution of a deed, dated the 1st day of June, 1945, a copy of which is
hereto attached, from the parties of the second part, the party of the first part herein agrees to do or cause to
be done the following, to-wit:

1. At such time as the new additional right-of-way described in the deed hereinabove mentioned is
occupied by the party of the first part, the artesian well belonging to the parties of the second part which is
now located about forty-six (46) feet right or south of Engineers Station "P" 100 / 53, the party of the first
part will connect said artesian well to the pump house	now located on the property of the party of	the	second

part, through adequate pipe in a manhole to be	located	under the sidewalk area.

2.	To construct approach roads to the property of the party of the first part during construction of the

highway at places corresponding to the present	location or places designated by	the parties	of	the	second part.

3.	To remove the existing fences on	the old	right-of-way line and to	reconstruct	on	the	new	right-of-way

line fences at no cost to the parties of the second part.

4. To replace any trees removed during the course of construction in approximately the same relative
position on the property of the party of the second part, said trees to be on the outside of the right-of-way.

IN WITNESSETH WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand this 1st day of June, 1945.

/s/ E. W. Cragin	___

Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

July 6, 1945

HONORABLE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

Gentlemen:

The undersigned, MASTERCRAFT HOMES, INC., a Nevada corporation, hands you herewith for approval,
original plat of Charleston Square Tract 1, Las Vegas, Nevada, and makes to you the following representations:

The undersigned intends to	build at the present	time	thirty-two dwelling houses upon Lots 5 and 6,

in Block 	1, Lots 1 to 19, inclusive,	in Block 2, and Lots	1 to	11, inclusive, in Block 3, as shown upon said

plat.

The cost of constructing each of said dwelling houses is to be financed by First National Bank of
Nevada, Las Vegas, Branch, and said financing will be guaranteed by Federal Housing Administration as to a
portion thereof and by United States Veterans Administration as to a portion thereof. The Plan of financing
has been	worked out and agreed to by	said First National Bank,	and by Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company,

and the following is a general outline of said plan which	will	apply to each individual dwelling house construct-

ed:

(1)	Each person who is qualified for FHA approval, and/or Veterans Administration approval, will first
sign a contract with the undersigned, wherein and whereby such person will agree to purchase the Lot selected by
him after there has been constructed thereon a dwelling according to his selected plans and specifications; such
contract is then submitted to Federal Housing Administration for processing. After the same has been approved by
Federal Housing Administration, it is returned to First National Bank, which then makes its commitment to the
undersigned to furnish the total amount of money necessary to complete the building, together with such building's
share of the streets, curbs, sidewalks, sewers and landscaping. Whereupon,

(2)	The undersigned lets a subcontract to a builder for the construction of the dwelling house; and
also enters into subcontracts for the landscaping, sewers, walks, driveways, sidewalks, curbs, streets, and
pavement, and at the same time the undersigned submits to said Bank an Agreement, attached to which is instructions
to Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company, which Agreement and instructions are hereto attached, marked
Exhibits A-l and A-2, and by reference made a part hereof.

(3) The undersigned will immediately deposit with Las Vegas Land and Water Company the total estimated
cost as estimated by Las Vegas Land and Water Company, for the installation of water mains to supply said houses.

(4) You will notice that in said Exhibit A, it is required by said Bank that the undersigned make a
cash deposit as security for the completion of the sewer, landscaping, walks, driveways, sidewalks, curb and
pavement, in the sum of $425.00 per house, and in addition to said cash deposit certain sums are to be impounded
and held by Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company for the completion of all of said improvements.

The undersigned agrees with you, that in consideration of your approving said plat, the streets, curb,
sidewalks and pavement to serve said thirty-two houses, namely, on Chapman Drive, from Charleston Boulevard to a
line drawn from the southeast comer of Lot 11, Block 3, to the northeast comer of Lot 19, Block 2, and Thelma
Lane, from Chapman Drive to a line drawn from the southeast comer of Lot 6, Block 1, to the northeast comer of
Lot 1, Block 3, will be completed in accordance with the plans and specifications identified as detailed drawing
B-149B, and shall be subject to the approval of your City Manager. Before commencing construction of any dwelling
houses on any of the other Lots shown on said plat, the undersigned will enter into similar agreements with said
Bank and said Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company, and will furnish you assurances for the completion of the
balance of the streets, sidewalks, curbs and paving.