116

Architect monthly all costs incurred by him in the performance of his duties hereunder
as more fully set forth in the said "Conditions".

The parties hereto further agree to the following conditions:

1.	THE ARCHITECT'S SERVICES. - The Architect's professional services consist
of the necessary conferences, the preparation of preliminary studies, the assistance in
preparation of an application to be presented to the Federal Government for Federal
assistance in connection with the building, a break-down estimate as required by the
Federal Works Agency in the filing of the aforementioned application for Federal
assistance.

2.	THE ARCHITECT'S FEE. The fee payable by the Owner to the Architect for
his personal professional services shall be named elsewhere in this Agreement.

In case of the abandonment or suspension of the work or of any part or
parts thereof, the Architect is to be paid in proportion to the services rendered on
account of it up to the time of its abandonment or suspension.

If additional personal service of the Architect is made necessary as a
result of damage by fire, he shall be equitably paid by the Owner for such extra service.

3.	THE ARCHITECT'S COSTS. The Architect shall maintain an efficient and 

accurate cost-keeping system as to all cost incurred by him, in connection with his travel and
his accounts, at all reasonable times, shall be open to the inspection of the Owner or his
authorized representatives.

The costs referred to in this Article comprise the following items:

(a)	The sums paid for incidental expenses such as costs of transportation or
living incurred by the Architect or his assistants while traveling in discharge of duties
connected with the work.

4.	PAYMENTS. On or about the first day of each month the Architect shall 

present to the Owner a detailed statement of the payment due on account of the fee and the
costs referred to in Article 3 and the Owner shall pay the Architect the amount thereof.

5.	SURVEY, BORINGS AND TESTS. The Owner shall, so far as the work under this

agreement may require, furnish the Architect with the following information:	A complete

and accurate survey of the building site, giving the grades and lines of streets, 

pavements and adjoining properties; the rights, restrictions, easements, boundaries, and
contours of the building site, and full information as to sewer, water, gas and electrical
service. The Owner is to pay for borings or test pits and for chemical, mechanical or other
tests when required.

6.	PRELIMINARY ESTIMATES, When requested to do so the Architect will 

furnish preliminary estimates on the cost of the work but he does not guarantee the accuracy

of such estimates.	

7.	OWNERSHIP OF DOCUMENTS. Drawings and specifications as instruments of 

service are the property of the Architect whether the work for which they are made be 

executed or not, copies will be furnished Owner.

8.	SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNMENTS. The Owner and the Architect, each binds himself
his partners, successors, executors, administrators, and assigns to the other party to this
agreement, and to the partners, successor, executors, administrators and assigns of such
other party in respect of all covenants of this agreement.

Except as above, neither the Owner nor the Architect shall assign, sublet or 

transfer his interest in this agreement without the written consent of the other.

9.	ARBITRATION. All questions in dispute under this agreement shall be 

submitted to arbitration at the choice of either party.

The Owner and the Architect hereby agree to the full performance of the covenants
contained herein.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF they have executed this agreement, the day and year first above

written.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed________ By:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

/s/ Robert Stanton

Architect	—

/s/ R. M. Simonton

Witness

/s/ Claud C. Sargent
Witness