312

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 18th day of October A.D. 1943, between M. M. SWEENEY, 

hereinafter called first party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of Nevada, a body
politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH:

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($l.00) Dollar, lawful
money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to him in
hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners, the
receipt whereof la hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant, bargain, sell, convey,
and confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot,
piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being
a portion of the SW 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of the SE 1/4 of Section 35, T. 20 S., R. 61 E., MD.B. & M.,
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, lying between the northerly line of
Charleston Boulevard as conveyed to the City of Las Vegas by deed recorded in Book 22 of Deeds,
Page 134, Records of said Clark County, and a line parallel with and 10 feet northerly at right
angles to said northerly line and extending from Highway Engineer's Station "E" 203+90+ to
"E" 204+50+; said right of way for highway purposes containing an area of .014 of an acre,
more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues and
profits thereof.

The undersigned covenants and agrees for himself, his heirs, executors, administrators,
successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device, other than
those, not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles produced or
sold by the undersigned, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon the remaining
lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands in said
deed conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the highway right of way line,
measured at right angles to said line; and that no building or permanent structure shall be
erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon said remaining lands and premises now owned by
the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands therein conveyed and within a distance of
twelve (12) feet from the exterior boundary of the highway right of way. This provision la
hereby declared to be a perpetual covenant and shall be construed as a real covenant attached
to and running with the land.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed the day
and year herein first above written.

(S) M. M. Sweeney

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

County of Clark )

On this 18th day of October A.D* one thousand nine hundred and forty-three personally
appeared before me, J. E. McManis, a Notary Public in and for the said County of Clark,

M. M. Sweeney, known to me to be the person described in and who executed the foregoing
instrument, who acknowledged to me that he executed the same freely and voluntarily and for
the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my
office in the County of Clark, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

(S) J. E. McManis	_____

Notary Public in and For the
County of Clark, State of Nevada.