12

A violation of any of the provisions of this Permit shall be ground for
and entitle said City to revoke this Permit in whole or in part, or said City
may pursue such other remedy or course as the law permits. Said City hereby
reserves all rights incident to the grantor of a permit.

This Permit shall not be construed to authorize the permittee to use, or
to acquire any tights in any of the streets, avenues or alleys of said Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite or said Wardie Addition inconsistent with the future legi-
timate uses of such streets, avenues or alleys by said City of Las Vegas, nor
shall the grant hereby made operate in itself nor by lapse of time or by the
expenditure of moneys by Permittee as an estoppel against said City of Las Vegas
in any respect whatsoever. Nor shall this Permit be construed as a grant of
any right or privileges adverse to the rights of any abutting owner or owners
of property along any of the streets, avenues or alleys where said pipes, mains,
laterals or appliances may be placed or maintained by said Permittee, nor to
establish any rights in the Permittee contrary to or inconsistent with the
rights of the original dedicators of said streets, avenues, and alleys or
their assigns.

Permittee shall not be entitled to assign this permit or any rights here-
under without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said City first
had and obtained in writing.

This permit shall become effective upon the acceptance of the same in
writing by the Permittee within forty days from the date of its passage, but
in default of such acceptance the same shall be of no effect.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Law Vegas on the
20 day of August, 1929.

Executed in pursuance of the Order of said Board of City Commissioners
by the Water Works, Sewerage and Light Commissioner and City Clerk, thereunto
duly authorized this 20 day of August, 1929. Executed in duplicate.

Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada

By L. B. Hausell__________________

Its Water Works, Sewerage and Light
Commissioner

ATTEST:	VIOLA BURNS

city Clerk

seal

The foregoing permit accepted this 20th day of
August, 1929.

SOUTH NEVADA LAND AND DEVELOPMENT COMPANY

BY Halley Drue Buzille

Its Attorney in Fact and authorized

agent.

PERMIT TO GRAND VIEW WATER COMPANY. INC.

PERMISSION is hereby given and granted to Grand View Water Company, Inc., a
corporation, to install, lay and maintain water pipe lines and water mains and
connections and laterals thereto, and all necessary and proper appliances used in
connection therewith, or appurtenant thereto, in, through, over, across, under or
along the following described streets and alleys of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, for the purpose of supplying the inhabitants of Grandview Addition
to the City of Las Vegas with water, viz:

Commencing at the northerly end of the alley in Block 19 of Buck's Subdivision
to the City of Las Vegas, to-wit:	At the southerly side of Stewart Street between

9th and 10th streets:	thence, northerly across Stewart Street and continuing through

the alley in Block 9 of Fairview Tract to a point 3 ft. North of the South side line
of Lot 6 in Block 3 of said Grandview Addition; thence, easterly along a line parallel
with the said South line of said Lot 6 in Block 3 to the center line of the alley in
Block 3 of said Grandview Addition; thence North along the center line of said alley
in said Block 3, and continuing North along the alleys in Blocks 2 and 1 of said
Grandview Addition crossing Mesquite Avenue and Linden Avenue to a point 3 ft. South
of the Northerly end line of said Block; thence East along a line parallel with and
situated 3 ft. South of the Northerly end of Block 2, 6, and 7 in said Grandview
Addition crossing Clark Street, Lasalle Street and Hill Street to a point 8 ft. West
of the Westerly side line of Block 12 of said Grandview Addition; thence South along
a line parallel with and situate 8 ft. West of the West side line of Block 12, 11,
and 10 in said Grandview Addition crossing Linden Avenue and Mesquite Avenue to a

point 3 ft. North of the South end lines produced of Blocks 9 and 10 in said Grandview
addition;