415

LEASE

Between City of Las Vegas and
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.

1.	THIS LEASE, made and entered into this 27th day of August in the year one
thousand nine hundred and forty-four by and between City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation 

in the State of Nevada whose address is Las Vegas, Nevada for its heirs, executors, 

administrators, successors, and assigns, hereinafter called the Lessor, and
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, hereinafter called the Government:

WITNESSETH:	The parties hereto for the considerations hereinafter mentioned

covenant and agree as follows:

2.	The Lessor hereby leases to the Government the following described premises,

viz:

That certain location now occupied by the former Civilian Conservation Corps,

buildings heretofore described as Las Vegas Camp 0-122.

to be used exclusively for the following purposes (see instruction No. 3):

Warehouse, repair shop, and equipment storage.

3.	To HAVE AND TO HOLD the said premises with their appurtenances for the term
beginning October 14, 1944, the date of acceptance of transfer of the buildings on the
land by the Acting Secretary of the Department of the Interior and ending with June 30,

1945.

4.	The Government shall not assign this lease in any event, and shall not sublet 

the demised premises except to a desirable tenant, and for a similar purpose, and
will not permit the use of said premises by anyone other than the Government, such sublessee, 

and the agents and servants of the Government, or of such sublessee.

5.	This lease may, at the option of the Government, be renewed from year to

year at a rental of Ten Dollars per annum and otherwise upon the terms and conditions
herein specified, provided notice be given in writing to the Lessor at least Thirty
days before this lease or any renewal thereof would otherwise expire: Provided that

no renewal thereof shall extend the period of occupancy of the premises beyond the
30th day of June 1949:	Provided that said option to renew the terms of this lease is

subject to revocation by the Lessor notifying the Lessee in writing at least thirty
(30) days prior to the expiration of this lease that the premises subject of this
lease are needed by the Lessor for Municipal purposes.

7.	The Government shall pay the Lessor for the premises rent at the following

rate:	Ten Dollars per annum.	Payment shall be made at the end of each fiscal

year.

8.	The Government shall have the right, during the existence of this lease, to
make alterations, attach fixtures, and erect additions, structures, or signs, in or upon
the premises hereby leased (provided such alterations, additions, structures, or signs
shall not be detrimental to or Inconsistent with the rights granted to other tenants on
the property or in the building in which said premises are located); which fixtures,
additions, or structures so placed in or upon or attached to the said premises shall be
and remain the property of the Government and may be removed therefrom by the Government
prior to the termination of this lease, and the Government, if required by the Lessor,
shall, before the expiration of this lease or renewal thereof, restore the premises to
the same condition as that existing at the time of entering upon the same under this
lease, reasonable and ordinary wear and tear and damages by the elements or by circumstances 

over which the Government has no control, excepted; Provided, however, that if
the Lessor requires such restoration, the Lessor shall give written notice thereof to
the Government Ninety days before the termination of the lease. The lessor shall allow 

the Government ninety (90) days after expiration of this lease or any renewal
thereof in which to remove all buildings situated on said premises.

9.	The Lessor shall, unless herein specified to the contrary, maintain the said
premises in good repair and tenant able condition during the continuance of this lease,
except in case of damage arising from the act or the negligence of the Government's
agents or employees. For the purpose of so maintaining the premises, the Lessor reserves 

the right at reasonable times to enter and Inspect the premises and to make any
necessary repairs thereto.

10.	If the said premises be destroyed by fire or other casualty this lease shall
immediately terminate. In case of partial destruction or damage, so as to render the
premises untenantable, either party may terminate the lease by giving written notice

to the other within fifteen days thereafter, and if so terminated no rent shall accrue
to the Lessor after such partial destruction or damage.

11.	No Member of or Delegate to Congress or Resident Commissioner shall be admitted
to any share or part of this lease or to any benefit to arise therefrom. Nothing, however, 

herein contained shall be construed to extend to any incorporated company, if the
lease be for the general benefit of such corporation or company.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have hereunto subscribed their names as
of the date first above written.

In presence of:	CITY OF LAS VEGAS

Helen Scott Reed	E. W. Cragin, Mayor, Lessor.

City Clerk

United States of America

by Hulig E. Ussery

Acting Regional Grazier