405

8.	At the expiration of the term of this lease, the Leasee will quit and surrender the
premises hereby demised, in as good condition as that existing at the time of entering upon the
same under this lease; excepting, however, reasonable wear and tear, and damages by the elements
or by circumstances over which the Lessee has no control.

9.	Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Leaaee has a right to cancel this
lease upon sixty (60) days' written notice to the Lessor*

10. Paragraph "8" hereof shall not be construed so as to require the Leasee upon the 

expiration of this lease, to reconstitute any alterations or decorations, or to remove any of the 

additions, structures or permanent fixtures referred to in paragraph "7" hereof*

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties to this agreement have hereunto subscribed their names as of
the date first above written.

City of Las Vegas

E. W. Cragin, Mayor
Lessor

	In presence of:

Name Helen Scott Reed

Address	City Clerk	UNITED SERVICE ORGANIZATIONS, INC.

(Seal)	By Henry H. Gutterson, Reg. Exec.

Lessee

( IF LESSOR IS A CORPORATION)

I,	Helen Scott Reed certify that I am the City Clerk & Clerk of the Board of City 

Commissioners named as Lessor in the foregoing lease:	that E. W. Cragin who signed said lease on

behalf of the Lessor, was than and now is Mayor of said corporation; that said lease was duly
signed for and in behalf of said corporation by authority of the governing body, and is within
the scope of its corporate powers*

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada
(Place)

this 8th day of June 1944	Helen Scott Reed

 "Reviewed and Certified

as to Renovations, Alterations &

Equipment" D. Forbes
Assoc. Date 6-15-44

Director of Building Services
for Region XII

—-------0--------

LEASE

THIS INDENTURE OF LEASE made this 1st day of August, 1942, by and between the CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, a municipal Corporation, hereinafter called "Lessor", and WESTERN AIR EXPRESS
CORPORATION, a Delaware Corporation, hereinafter called "Lessee";

WITNESSETH:

	WHEREAS, the Lessee is now, and for many years last past has been, engaged as a common

carrier by air in the business of transporting passengers, property, and United States mail
by airplane between the cities of Los Angeles in the State of California and of Salt Lake City
in the State of Utah, via Las Vegas, Nevada; and

	WHEREAS, said Lessee up until the date of this indenture has been the owner of the
property hereinafter described; and

 WHEREAS, said Lessee has this day conveyed all of the property hereinafter described to
said Lessor in consideration of said Lessor granting to said Lessee a lease on said premises
and certain operating rights, all as herein aftermore fully set forth;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and in consideration of the covenants
and conditions herein contained, the parties hereto mutually agree as follows: