308

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 24th day of November A.D. 1943, between the COUNTY OF CLARK,
a body politic of the State of Nevada, acting by and through its Board of County Commissioners
thereunto duly authorized, hereinafter called first party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, a body politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar, lawful
money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to it in
hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners, the
receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant, bargain, sell, convey,
and confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot,
piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being
a portion of the S 1/2 of the SE 1/4 of the SW 1/4 of the SW 1/4 of Section 33, T. 20 S., R. 61 E., M.D.

B. & M., and more particularly described by metes and bounds as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at a point on the south boundary line of Section 33, T. 20 S., R. 61 E.,
M.D.B. & M., at Highway Engineer's Station "P" 87+41.36 P.O.T., said point of begin-
ning further described as bearing S. 89°55'30" E a distance of 1213.40 feet from the
south west corner of said Section 33, thence N.0°12'43" E. a distance of 50.00 feet
to a point; thence S. 89°53'30" E. a distance of 110.00 feet to a point on the east
boundary of the SW 1/4 of the SW 1/4 of said Section 33; thence S.0°12'43" W. along said
boundary line a distance of 50.00 feet to the south east corner of the SW 1/4 of the
SW 1/4 of said Section 33; thence N. 89°55'30" W. along the south boundary of said
Section 33 a distance of 110.00 feet to the point of beginning; said right of way for
public highway containing an area of 0.126 acres, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues and
profits thereof.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this Instrument to be executed the day
and year herein first above written.

COUNTY OF CLARK, by and through its
Board of County Commissioners

(S) James H. Down
Chairman

(S) Ira J. Earl
Member

(S) Rodney Colton
Member

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

County of Clark )

On this 24th day of November A.D. one thousand nine hundred and forty-three, personally
appeared before me, Lloyd S. Payne, County Clerk and Ex-Officio Clerk of the Eighth Judicial
District Court, Clark County, Nevada, James H. Down, known to me to be the Chairman of the
county that executed the foregoing instrument, and upon oath did depose that he is the
officer of said county as above designated; that he is acquainted with the seal of said
county, and that the seal affixed to said instrument is the seal of said county; that the
signatures to said Instrument were made by the officers of said county as Indicated after
said signatures, and that the said county executed the said Instrument freely and 

voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day
and year in this certificate first above written.

(S) Lloyd S. Payne

County Clerk and Ex-Officio Clerk of
the Eighth Judicial District Court,
Clark County, Nevada