318

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 29th day of December A.D. 1943, between WILLIAM E. ELLIS,
hereinafter called first party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, a body politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH:

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar,
lawful money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration,
to him in hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners, 

the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant,
bargain, sell, convey, and confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, 

all that certain lot, piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of Government Lots 2 and
3 of Section 4, T. 21 S. R. 61 E., M.D.B.&M., and more particularly described by metes
and bounds as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the most westerly corner of the property of the undersigned at a point
on the southerly boundary line of Charleston Boulevard, said point being forty
feet south of and at right angles to Highway Engineer's Station "P"85/60.43 P.O.T.;
thence south 89°53'30" east along the southerly boundary of Charleston Boulevard,
a distance of 1405.00 feet of the northeast corner of the property of the under-
signed; thence south 0°6'30" west along the easterly boundary of the property of
the undersigned a distance of 10.00 feet to a point on the new southerly right
of way line of Charleston Boulevard; thence north 89°53'30" west a distance of
1405.00 feet to a point on the westerly boundary line of the property of the undersigned; 

thence north 0°6'30" east, a distance of 10 feet to the point of beginning; 

said right of way for highway purposes containing 0.329 acres, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging

or appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues

and profits thereof.

The undersigned covenants and agrees for himself, his heirs, executors, adminis-
trators, successors and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device,
other than those not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising
	articles produced or sold by the undersigned, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained

in or upon the remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately
adjoining the lands in said deed conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet
from the highway right of way line, measured at right angles to said line; and that no
building or permanent structure shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon
said remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining
the lands therein conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the exterior
boundary of the highway right of way. This provision is hereby declared to be a 

perpetual covenant and shall be construed as a real covenant attached to and running with
the land.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to
its successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed the
day and year herein first above written.

(S) William E. Ellis
(S) Florence Ellis______