305

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 6th day of March, A.D. 1944, between LEO PAHOR AND HARRIETT
PAHOR, hereinafter called first parties, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, a body politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH:

That the first parties, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar, lawful
money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to them in hand
paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners, the receipt
whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant, bargain, sell, convey, and confirm
unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot, piece, or parcel
of land lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a
portion of Government Lot 3, Section 4, T. 21 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B. & M., lying between the present
southerly 40 foot right of way line of Charleston Boulevard and a line parallel with and 10 feet
southerly at right angles from said southerly line, extending from the east boundary line of the
property owned by divert Hefner at Highway Engineer's Station "P" 81+40+ P.O.C. to the west
boundary line of the property owned by Gabriel Pahor at Highway Engineer's Station "P" 82+80+

P.O.T.; said right of way for highway purposes containing an area of 0.032 of an acre, more or
leas.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues and profits
thereof.

The undersigned covenant and agree for themselves, their heirs, executors, administrators,
successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device, other than those,
not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles produced or sold by the
undersigned, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon the remaining lands and premises
now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands in said deed conveyed and within a
distance of twelve (12) feet from the highway right of way line, measured at right angles to
said line; and that no building or permanent structure shall be erected, permitted, or maintained
in or upon said remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining
the lands therein conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the exterior boundary
of the highway right of way. This provision is hereby declared to be a perpetual covenant and
shall be construed as a real covenant attached to and running with the land.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first parties have caused this instrument to be executed the
day and year herein first above written.

Harriett Pahor
Leo Pahor

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

On this 6th day of March, A.D. one thousand nine hundred and forty-four personally appeared
before me, Richard M. Simonton, a Notary Public in and for the said County of Clark, LEO PAHOR and
HARRIETT PAHOR, known to me to be the persons described in and who executed the foregoing instrument,
who acknowledged to me that they executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and
purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my office
in the County of Clark, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

Richard M. Simonton

Notary Public in and for the C

County of Clark, State of Nevada

(SEAL)