309

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 27th day of November A.D. 1943, between LOUIS V. LOHMAN,
hereinafter called first party, and the COUNTY OF CLARK, State of Nevada, a body politic,
the second party;

WITNESSETH

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar,
lawful money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration,
to him in hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its county
commissioners, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents release,
remise and forever quitclaim unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all
that certain lot, piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and being a portion of Government Lot 4 of Section 1, T. 21 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B.

& M., lying between the southerly line of Charleston Boulevard as conveyed to said City
by deed recorded in Book 22 of deeds at Page 132, Records of said County, and a line
parallel with and 10 feet southerly at right angles from said southerly line, extending
from the west line of said Section 1 at Highway Engineer's Station "E" 208+92+ P.O.T.
to the west line of Euclid Avenue as the same is shown and delineated on map of Fisher's
Fremont Street-Boulder Bam Highway First Subdivision, filed in Book 2 of Plats of Page 9,

Records of said County, at Highway Engineer's Station "E" 215+46+ P.O.T.; said right of
way for highway purposes containing an area of 0.150 of an acre, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or
appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues
and profits thereof.

The undersigned covenants and agrees for himself, his heirs, executors, administrators,
successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device, other than
those, not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles produced
or sold by the undersigned, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon the
remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands
in said deed conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the highway right of
way line, measured at right angles to said line; and that no building or permanent 

structure, other than those now existing, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon
said remaining lands and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the
lands therein conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the exterior boundary
of the highway right of way. This provision is hereby declared to be a perpetual covenant
and shall be construed as a real covenant attached to and running with the land.	

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said premises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed the
day and year herein first above written.

S( Louis V. Lohman__________

STATE OF MISSOURI )

) S3.

County of Cole )

On this 30th day of November A.D. one thousand nine hundred and forty-three personally
appeared before me, Nora O'Neal, a Notary Public in and for the said County of Cole,

LOUIS V. LOHMAN, known to me to be the person described in and who executed the foregoing
instrument, who acknowledged to me that he executed the same freely and voluntarily and
for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my
office in the County of Cole, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

S) Nora O'Neal___________________

Notary Public in and for the County
of Cole, State of Missouri.