117	

AGREEMENT BETWEEN OWNER AND ARCHITECT

THIS AGREEMENT made the 15th day of January, in the year Nineteen Hundred and Forty-five, 

by and between the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, hereinafter called the Owner, and Robert
Stanton, hereinafter called the Architect.

WITNESSETH, that whereas the Owner intends to erect a Jail in accordance with the preliminary
plans previously prepared by Robert Stanton, Architect, for the Owner and approved by the
Owner.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Owner and the Architect, for the considerations hereinafter
named, agree as follows:

The Architect agrees to perform, for the above-named work, professional services
as hereinafter set forth.

The Owner agrees to pay the Architect for such services a fixed fee of $7,500.00
with other payments and reimbursements as hereinafter provided, the said fixed fee being
hereinafter referred to as the "Basic Rate."

	The parties hereto further agree to the following conditions?	

1.	THE ARCHITECT'S SERVICES — The architect's professional services consist
of the necessary conferences, the preparation of working drawings, specifications, large
scale and full size detail drawings in connections with architectural, mechanical, 

electrical and structural engineering; the drafting of forms of proposals and contracts; the iss-
uance of certificates of payment; the general administration of the business and 

supervision of the work. The Architect will prepare and provide the Owner with twenty (20)
sets of complete working drawings and specifications.

The maximum number of trips from the Architect's office to the site shall not
exceed fifteen trips at the architects expense, made either by the Architect or his 

assistant in performing the above professional services. Any additional trips shall be paid
for by the Owner as set forth in Article 2 of the Agreement.

2.	REIMBURSEMENTS -- The Owner is to reimburse the Architect the cost of 

transportation and living incurred by him and/or his assistant while traveling in discharge of
duties connected with the work for any trip or trips over the above stipulated fifteen
trips. Further, the Architect is to be reimbursed by the Owner for any additional sets over
twenty sets of blue prints and specifications, based upon current commercial prices.

The Owner will reimburse the Architect, if necessary for any expense in connection
with the Cler-of-the works, as set forth in paragraph 3, Article 7, of the Agreement.

3.	SEPARATE CONTRACTS — It is understood by the Owner and the fixed fee of
$7500.00 is based on the Owner letting the work under one contract and is not based on 

segregated contracts. In the event the Owner elects to let the work in segregated contracts,

it is understood that an extra service is thereby required of the Architect in that he must
prepare a separate contract documents for each and every segregated contract so let, and
handle all the business in connections with the various separate contracts that would have
ordinarily been handled on one contract. For any portions of the work let under separate
contracts, on account of extra services thereby required, the rate shall be 30% greater on
that portion of the work let as segregated contracts, and if substantially all the work is so
let, the higher rate, or 30% higher than the $7500.00, shall apply to the entire work,
but there shall be no such increase on any articles not designed by the Architect, but
purchased under his direction.

4.	EXTRA SERVICES AND SPECIAL CASES — If the Architect is caused extra drafting

or other expense due to changes ordered by the Owner, or due to the delinquency or insolvency
of the Owner or Contractor, or as a result of damage by fire, he shall be equitably paid
for such extra expense and the service involved.

Work let on any cost-plus basis shall be the subject of a special charge in accord
with the special service required.

If any work designed or specified by the Architect is abandoned or suspended the
Architect is to be paid for the services rendered on account of it.

5.	PAYMENTS — Payments to the Architect on account of his fee shall be made as
follows, subject to the provisions of Article 4:

From time to time during the execution of work and in proportion to the amount of
service rendered by the Architect, payments shall be made until the aggregate of all 

payments made on account of the fee under this Article but not including any covered by the
provisions of Article 4, shall be a sum equal to the rate or rates of commission arising
from this Agreement.

First Payment:	A payment of $1,000.00 shall be made by the Owner to the 

Architect on or before January 15, 1945, as a retainer.

Second Payment:	When the working drawings are one-quarter completed, a payment

of $500.00 shall be made by the Owner to the Architect.

Third Payment:	When the working drawings are half completed, a payment of

$1,500.00 shall be made by the Owner to the Architect.

Fourth Payment:	When the working drawings are three-quarters completed, a 

payment of $1,000.00 Shall be made by the Owner to the Architect.