108

WHEREAS, said units have the problem of wet and dry garbage disposal,

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements of the
parties hereto, it is mutually understood and agreed as follows, to wit:

I.	That the First Party shall pick up all wet and dry garbage from the one
hundred and twenty (120) units	in the	Kelso-Turner Tract.

II.	That the monthly	charge for	said pick-up shall be One Dollar ($1.00)	for

each single-unit dwelling in the Kelso-Turner Tract, and one Dollar fifty Cents ($1.50)
for each multiple unit.

III.	It is understood and agreed that the Second Party shall have all dry garbage
at one location where the same may be picked up by the First Party.

IV.	It is understood and agreed by and between the parties hereto that both
wet and dry garbage shall be picked up by the Party of the First Part once each week.

V.	It is further understood and agreed by and between the parties that this
agreement shall be retroactive	to October	1, 1944 and shall extend for a	period	of	one

year and three (3) months from	October 1,	1944 to Midnight, December 31,	1945.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF we have hereunto set our hands and seals this 8th day of
January, 1945,

HOUSING AUTHORITY OF THE COUNTY OF CLARK,

STATE OF NEVADA

By 0. A. Kimball, (Signed)

Chairman

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

By E. W. Cragin (Signed)

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed	Mayor

City Clerk
By:	Mildred Mastny

Chief Deputy City Clerk

---oOo---

MOTOR VEHICLE RENTAL AGREEMENT

THIS INDENTURE, made and entered into this l day of February, 1945 by and between
the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation hereinafter sometimes designated as
Party of the First Part, and Charles Pinjuv of Las Vegas, Nevada, hereinafter sometimes
designated as Party of the Second Part.

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is desirous of renting, on a day-to-day basis,
motor vehicle equipment belonging to Party of the Second Part, and

WHEREAS, Party of the Second Part is desirous and willing to rent to the City of
Las Vegas his motor vehicle,

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements of the
parties hereto, it is mutually understood and agreed as follows, to wit:

The Party of the First Part shall pay unto the	Party of the Second Part the	sum

of	$1.25 per day for each eight-hour period	the motor	vehicle is used on	behalf of	the

City, for the use of the motor vehicle belonging to the Party of the Second Part provided, 

however, that a day shall be deemed to consist of eight (8) hours and if said
motor vehicle is not used for the entire period of eight (8) hours in any one day,
the City shall pay to the Party of the Second Part the proportion of $1.25 due for the
number	of hours said motor vehicle was used	on behalf	of the City.

The City of Las Vegas will supply to	the Party	of the Second Part	the necessary

Ethyl gasoline and motor vehicle oil for the operation of said motor vehicle, provided
however that the City shall not supply more than one and one- half (1 1/2) gallons of
gasoline for each day said motor vehicle is used, nor more than one (1) pint of oil for
each day said motor vehicle is used. If said motor vehicle shall be used more than
eight (8) hours each day, then in that case additional gasoline and oil allowances shall
be made.

Party of the Second Part shall provide for all repairs, replacements, and accessories
to maintain his machine in first class condition and at a standard acceptable to the
Chief of Police. Party of the second Part shall equip his motor vehicle with a siren,
two red lights, a radio receiver and a wind shield,