119	

fee:	Provided, however, that there shall be deducted from such amount all payments 

theretofore received under this agreement by the Architect/engineer and the Amount of damages,
if any, sustained by the Owner by virtue of the breach of this agreement by the Architect/

Engineer.

9.	OWNERSHIP OF DOCUMENTS -- Drawings and specifications as instruments of 

service are the property of the Architect whether the work for which they are made be executed
or not.

10.	SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNMENTS -- The Owner and the Architect, each binds himself,
his partners, successors, executors, administrators and assigns of such other party in
respect of all covenants of this Agreement.

Except as above, neither the Owner nor the Architect shall assign, sublet or 

transfer his interest in this Agreement without the written consent of the other.

11.	ARBITRATION — All questions in dispute under this agreement shall be submitted 

to arbitration at the choice of either party.

The Owner and the Architect hereby agree to the full performance of the covenants
contained herein.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF they have executed this Agreement, the day and year first above

written.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

ATTEST:	/s/ Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk	By /s/ E. w. Cragin

Mayor

/s/G. A. Weldg_____________

Witness	_____/s/ Robert Stanton______________

Architect

---ooOoo---

LICENSE FOR INSTALLATIONS UPON RIGHT-OF-WAY

THIS AGREEMENT, made this 7th day of June, 1944 by and between the CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, a municipal corporation, hereinafter called the "Licensor," and the UNITED STATES
OF AMERICA, hereinafter called the "Government,"

WITNESSETH: THAT, for and in consideration of the sum of One and no/100 Dollars
($1.00) and other good and valuable considerations, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledge, and in consideration of the mutual covenants, promises, and 

agreements herein made, the Licensor hereby grants to the Government a license to construct,
operate, maintain, renew, and remove a access road along, across, beneath, and over the
right-of-way and property of the Licensor and the following location, viz:

That certain land situate in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being
that portion of the Southeast Quarter of Section 33, Township 19 South, Range 62 East,

Mount Diable Base and Meridian, within a strip of land 60 feet in width lying 30 feet on
each side of the following described centerline.

Commencing at the corner common to said Section 33 and Section 34, said Township
and range, and Sections 3 and 4, Township 20 South, Range 62 East, Mount Diable Base and
Meridian; thence South 0°28'47" East along line common to said Sections 3 and 4, 529.34 feet
to an intersection with the centerline of U. S. Highway No. 91 and 93, a public road 150
feet in width; thence South 53°52'42" West along said centerline of Highway 473.40 feet to
an intersection with the Southeasterly prolongation of the centerline of existing road as
built; thence North 48°43'45" West along said prolongation and centerline of said road
281.81 feet to the beginning of a tangent curve concave to the Northeast having a radius of
2000.00 feet; thence Northwesterly along said centerline and along said curve through a
central angle of 24°21'55" an arc distance of 850.46 feet; thence tangent to said curve and
continuing along said centerline of road North 24°21'55" West 2307.74 feet; thence South
69°37'59" West 50.12 feet to the true point of beginning in the Southwesterly Boundary of
the access road; thence South 69°37'59" West 265.02 feet to the point of ending in the
Northeasterly line of the Union Pacific Railroad Company right of way, 100 Feet in width,
the side lines of said strip of land to be prolonged or shortened so as to begin in the
Southwesterly line of the access road, 100 feet in width, and terminate in said Northeasterly
line of Union Pacific Railroad Company right of way which line bears South 26°13'18" East
through said point of ending, containing 0.365 acres, more or less as shown on plat attached
marked Exhibit "A".

in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, as shown on attached sketch marked for use in 

connection with a War Department establishment know as Las Vegas Gunnery School Access Road
and Telephone Line, and upon the following terms, provisions, and conditions;

I.	All installations placed upon said right of way by the Government shall be

and remain the property of the Government and may be removed therefrom by the
Government at any time.