304

DEED - PUBLIC HIGHWAY

THIS INDENTURE, made this 2nd day of March, A.D. 1944, between GABRIEL PAHOR, herein-
after called first party, and the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, County of Clark, State of Nevada, a
body politic, the second party;

WITNESSETH:

That the first party, for and in consideration of the sum of One ($1.00) Dollar,
lawful money of the United States of America, and other good and valuable consideration, to
him in hand paid for and on behalf of the second party by and through its city commissioners,
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, does by these presents grant, bargain, sell, con-
vey, and confirm unto the said second party, and to its assigns forever, all that certain lot,
piece, or parcel of land lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and being a portion of Government Lot 3, Section 4, T. 21 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B. & M.,
lying between the present southerly 40 foot right of way line of Charleston Boulevard and a
line parallel with and 10 feet southerly at right angles from said southerly line, extending
from the east boundary line of the property owned by Leo and Harriett Pahor at Highway
Engineer's Station *P* 824804 P.O.T. to the west boundary line of the property owned by Watt
W. and Masie Martin at Highway Engineer's Station "P" 84+20+ P.O.T.; said right of way for
highway purposes containing an area of 0.932 of an acre, more or less.

Together with the tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging
or appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainders, rents, issues and profits thereof.

The undersigned covenants and agrees for himself, his heirs, executors, administrators,
successors, and assigns, that no bill board, sign board or advertising device, other than those,
not larger than thirty-six (36) square feet in size, advertising articles produced or sold
by the undersigned, shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon the remaining lands
and premises now owned by the undersigned, immediately adjoining the lands in said deed con-
veyed and within a distance of twelve (12) feet from the highway right of way line, measured
at right angles to said line; and that no building or permanent structure shall be erected,
permitted, or maintained in or upon said remaining lands and premises now owned by the under-
signed, immediately adjoining the lands therein conveyed and within a distance of twelve (12)
feet from the exterior boundary of the Highway right of way. This provision is hereby declared
to be a perpetual covenant and shall be construed as a real covenant attached to and running
with the land.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD, said permises unto the said party of the second part and to its
successors and assigns forever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said first party has caused this instrument to be executed the day
and year herein first above written.

Gabriel Pahor

STATE OF NEVADA)

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK)	RMS

four/

On this 2nd day of March A.D. one thousand	nine	hundred and	forty-three	personally

appeared before me, Richard M. Simonton, a Notary Public in and for	the said County of Clark,

GABRIEL PAHOR, known to me to be the person described in and who executed the foregoing instru-
ment, who acknowledged to me that he executed the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses
and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my	hand	and affixed	my official	seal at my

office	in the County of Clark, the day and year in	this	certificate	first above	written.

Richard M. Simonton______

Notary Public in and for
the County of Clark, State
Of Nevada.

(SEAL)