Griffith, Curtiss, Smith, Sullivan, and His Honor the Mayor, W. E. Hawkins, voting aye. Noes None.

Approved this 3rd, day of December, 1913. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

(SEAL) Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

State of Nevada)

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. CP. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the Las
Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 49, of the City of Las Vegas
was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 4th, day 0f
December, 1913, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

December 6, 1913. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates

above named. That the charge for publishing the same was__________________________.

Signed. Chas. P. Squires.

SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me tills 2nd, day of January A.D. 1914.

Henry M. Lillis. Notary Public.

		Ordinance No. 50.





An ordinance to amend section to nine (9) of Ordinance No. 33 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
"An ordinance Regulating the Distribution of Intoxicating Liquors, and Regulating places where
such liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses, and repealing
Ordinance No. 3, and all Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:
Section 1. Section nine (9) of ordinance No. 33 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An
Ordinance Regulating the distribution of Intoxicating liquors, and regulating places where such
liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses, and repealing
Ordinance No. 3, and all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith is hereby
amended so that the same shall read as follows:

Section 9. The rates for the liquor licenses provided for in this ordinance snail be and
the same are hereby fixed and established and the same shall be paid by all persons receiving
such licenses respectively as follows: For retail liquor license the sum of One Hundred

Dollars ($100.00) per quarter; provided that retail drug stores shall not be required to pay
more than Six Dollars ($6.00) per quarter for such retail liquor license when the privilege
only is desired thereunder of selling, serving or giving away of liquors not to be consumed upon
the premises of such retail drug store. When such license is desired the application for permit
and  the permit shall indicate that the license is applied for or granted, as the case may be,
under the provisions of this section relative to retail drug stores, and the license issued shall
also indicate that the same is granted to a retail drug store under the provisions of this
section, it shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation, owning, in charge of or
employed in a retail drug store handling liquor under such license at such reduced price, to sell
serve, or give away, or cause or permit to be sold, served or given away therein, any liquor
to be drunk or consumed upon the premises; and it shall be unlawful for any person, firm or
corporation owning, in charge of or employed in such retail drug store handling liquors under
such license, at such reduced price, to cause, permit or allow any liquor to be drunk or consumed
upon the premises thereof. For a wholesale liquor license the sum of Ten dollars ($10.00) per

quarter. No license shall be issued for any quarter until the payment for such quarter has