Section 4. That the unpaid assessments shall be paid as follows: One-tenth, on or 
before one year from the 1st day of January, 1930, and one-tenth on or before the 1st day
of January of each year thereafter, until the same is paid infull with interst thereon
at the rate of seven per cent. (7%) per annum; each of said installments shall bear 
interest at the rate of seven per cent (7%) per annum, payable annually in the manner
hereinafter directed, on the whole amount due and unpaid. Such installments and interest
thereon shall be and remain a lien on the said lots and parcels of land until paid in full,
and shall be collected and paid in the following manner:

Each installment, together with the interest thereon, shall be placed on the Tax
Roll of Clark County on and against the several owners and premises hereinafter enumerated,
and the County assessor of Clark County, acting ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las
Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the said Tax Roll of Clark
County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on the Tax Roll
of Clark County and the County Treasurer, acting ex-officio City Treasurer, and Tax 
Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect the same, all
in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County taxes are collected.
Provided, that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall annually, commencing 
with the year 1931, and continuing for a period of nine (9) years thereafter, and

until all of said bonds are paid, at the time prescribed by law for the levying of taxes
for State and County purposes, direct the City Clerk to report to the County Assessor,

acting ex-officio City Assessor, a description of such lots and premises together with
their owners as in Section 3 hereinbefore set forth, with the amount of the annul installments,
 together with the interest due thereon to be levied upon and against each of the

same premises and owners and the City assessor is hereby authorized and directed to enter

the several sums so assessed as a tax upon the several lots and premises respectively,
and the Board of City Commissioners shall annually continue to so require the City 
Assessor to enter the said installments of special assessments until the whole sum assessed
with the interest thereon has been paid. Provided further, however, that if the Board
of City Commissioners should fail or neglect to direct the City Clerk to report to the
City assessor a description of such lots and premises as in this section before mentioned,
the City Assessor shall enter the said special assessment and place the same on the said
tax roll and do all and every thing necessary, as fully and completely as though the
Board of City Commissioners had directed the same to be done.

Section 5. Said installments of special taxes and the interest thereon when collected,
 shall constitute and be a sinking fund for the payment of said bonds and the interest
thereon, and said fund shall not be used for any other purpose, and as said installments
with the interest thereon are paid, as hereinbefore directed, said bonds and the coupons
thereon, shall be called in and paid, and cancelled by the City Treasurer, in their numerical
 order annually, to the amount and extent of such annual payments of the assessments,
and the said interest on said bonds shall cease.

	Section 6. The issuance of the bonds herein provided for shall be conclusive evidence

of the regularity of all the proceedings up to the issuance of such bonds, and in the
event that the fund created by such special assessments shall be insufficient to pay the
said bonds as they become due, the deficiency, if any, shall be paid by the City Treasurer,
of the City of Las Vegas, out of the General Fund of said City and each of the bonds
issued under this ordinance shall contain a provision to that effect and said bonds shall
be exempt from City taxation.

Section 7. This ordinance shall take effect immediately after its adoption, approval
and publication in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas, for one week.

Section 8. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance published in the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for
one week.

Passed and adopted this 1st day of May, A.D. 1930, by the following vote of the
City Commissioners:

Ayes, German, Hansell, and Smith, and his Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse.

Nays, none.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

First reading April 3, 1930,

Second reading May 1st, 1930.

Final reading May 1st 1930.

Approved this 1st day of May 1930.

J. F. Hesse____

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns_____

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

State of Nevada) ss
County of Clark)

A. E. Cahlan, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: That he is editor of the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and 
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was
continuously published in said newspaper for a period of from May 3, 1930 to May 10, 1930
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: May 3, 5, 6,
7, 8, 9, 10, 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named.

Signed A. E. Cahlan.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th day of May, 1930.

Louise Sill

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires Dec. 28, 1933.

(Notarial Seal)