newspaper for the following dates to-wit: September 6, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 1931. That said

newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the
legal charge for publishing the name was $

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th day of September, 1931.

C. D. Breeze_________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 177



An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the Ex-Officio Assessor of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment to reimburse
 said City for the costs of construction of a highway with federal aid from the easterly
 limit of the intersection of Fremont Street and Fifth Street in said City, running
thence along Fremont Street as laid out and extended in an easterly direction to the easterly
 boundary of said City of Las Vegas; describing definitely the location of said improvements,
 stating the amounts of said assessment, and designating the lots, lands and premises
to be assessed, abutting on the said improvement; providing for the payment thereof, and
other matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the costs of making certain improvements in
the City of Las Vegas in the construction of a highway with federal aid from the easterly
limit of the intersection of Fremont Street and Fifth Street in said City, running thence
along Fremont Street as laid out and extended in an easterly direction to the easterly
boundary of said City of Las Vegas, and to reimburse said City for the cost thereof as provided
 in Chap. 6 of the 1931 Session Laws of the State of Nevada, the ex-officio City
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to forthwith
levy the special assessment in the amount hereinafter specified, against the owners and upon
the lots, lands and premises abutting on said improvement and hereinafter designated and
described. Said special assessment shall be levied upon the taxable lots, property and
premises situate in the special assessment district hereinafter described, benefitted by said
improvements proportionately to the benefits received; provided, however, that in no case
shall the said ex-officio Assessor levy any special assessment upon any such lots, lands or
premises, exceeding fifty per cent (50%) of the value of such lots, lands or premises as
last before valued and assessed for state and county taxation in the County Tax Roll; but
such costs over and above the and exceeding that per cent shall be paid from the General
Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. The ex-officio City Assessor shall assess the taxable lots, property and
premises situate in the special assessment district, hereinafter described, benefitted by
said improvements proportionately to the benefits received, that is to say, such Ex-Officio
 Assessor shall assess upon each lot, parcel of land or premises such relative portion of
the whole sum to be levied as shall be proportionate to the estimated benefit resulting to
such lot, parcel of land or premises from the said improvement.

Section 3. In levying the assessments as in this Ordinance provided, the Ex-Officio
Assessor shall prepare a special assessment roll therefor, and after he shall have completed
 the assessment as herein provided and completed the said special assessment roll, he
shall report the same to the Board of City Commissioners as provided for by law and upon
receiving such report and special assessment roll, the said Roll shall be numbered and filed
in the office of the City Clerk, and the Board of City Commissioners shall cause notice
thereof to be published for at least two weeks in some newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas, of the filing of the same with the City Clerk, and appointing a time when the
Board of City Commissioners and the ex-officio Assessor will meet to review the assessment,
and any person objecting thereto may be heard, or any person objecting to the assessments,
may file his or her objection thereto in writing, with the City Clerk.

Section 4. At the time appointed for the purpose of reviewing of said assessments
and considering any objections thereto made at said time or filed in writing, the Board of
City Commissioners and said Ex-officio Assessor shall meet and then, or at some adjourned
meeting, review said assessments, and will hear any objections to said assessments, which
have been made or filed as aforesaid by any person deeming himself aggrieved thereby, and
will decide upon the same as to any assessment, or description of the premises, appearing
necessary therein, and will confirm it as reported or as corrected, or will refer the
assessment back to the Ex-officio Assessor for revision or annul it and direct a new assessment
 to be made; and when said assessment shall be confirmed, the City Clerk shall make an
endorsement upon the Roll showing said confirmation and the same shall be final and conclusive;
 the City Clerk shall then deliver the same to the County Assessor, acting Ex-officio
 City Assessor, with her certificate of confirmation, and the County Assessor, acting
Ex-officio City Assessor, shall thereupon record said assessment roll in his office and
append thereto his certificate of the date of recording. Said Roll when so endorsed and
recorded, shall be prima facie evidence in all Courts and Tribunals of the regularity of
the proceedings, preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of said Assessment
and Assessment Roll.

Section 5. Upon the confirmation and recording of the said assessments and assessment
 roll as by "the Charter of the City of Las Vegas provided, the assessments shall be at
once due and payable, and from the date of said confirmation and recording, shall constitute
 and be a lien upon the lot or parcel of land and premises assessed, together with the
legal interest thereon, and shall be charged against the person and properties until paid.

Section 6. The said special assessment district and the several lots and premises,
together with their location, and name of the present owner, and the approximate amounts to
be assessed thereon, are as follows:

A. the amount to be assessed against the owners and upon the lots and premises,
according to the benefits, in said special assessment district for the construction of said
[improvement therein is Ten Thousand Three Hundred Two and 90/100 Dollars ($10,302.90), and