(6)	For each motor more than five (5) horse power, and not exceeding ten

(10) horsepower	$2.00

(7)	For each	motor	exceeding (10) horsepower 4.00

(8)	Electric	Signs	2.00

(9)	Ceiling Fans (Each)	.25

The Electrical inspector may give temporary permission to furnish electric
 current to, or the use of electric current, through any wires or other equipment
for a length of time not to exceed thirty (30) days, if it appears to the Electrical
inspector that such wire etc. may safely be used, and that there exists an urgent
necessity for such use and special permission. In this case a special tag or marker
shall be attached in a suitable place on the work, and shall show the date, location
such special approval, date of expiration of such permission, and signature of the
inspector.

Temporary Permits for the use of lights and/or motors inbuildings in the
course of construction or undergoing repairs shall be issued to cover a period of
thirty (30) days upon payment of one ($1.00) Dollar.

Temporary Permits shall be issued to cover a period of thirty (30) days
for the use of current for outdoor attractions, such as circuses, carnivals, shows,
fairs, boxing, and wrestling matches etc. as follows:

Where the person or firm or organization conducting such attraction
has held, and maintained their residence for (60) days or more in the City of Las
Vegas, the payment shall be --------------------------------$1.00

Where the person firm or organization conducting such attraction has
not held, or maintained their residence for sixty (60) days or more in the City of
Las Vegas, the payment shall be,-----------------------------$5.00.

SPECIAL RULES AND REGULATIONS.__

SECTION V. The installation of service switches, meter boards, meter loops
and service wires, etc; shall be installed in conformity with the approved methods of
construction for safety to life, and property. Installation in conformity with the
rules and regulations as laid down by any firm or corporation in Las Vegas serving
current (operating as a Public Utility under a franchise or Certificate of Convenience
granted by the Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada) and approved by the
Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada or as laid down in the National
Electrical Code shall be accepted as prima facie evidence of approved methods.

SECTION VI. For the purpose of this ordinance to regulate the issuing
of permits and in fixing the inspection fees covering same, each recording watt-hour
meter and all sub-feeder wires and branch circuit wires connecting the same shall be
construed as one service, and a separate permit must be issued for each service.

Rigid conduit shall be required for all wires used to conduct current for
lights, heat, and power, in the wiring of new buildings, the re-wiring of old buildings
and in the installation of new wiring in old buildings or additions thereto within
the fire limits or fire zone of the City of Las Vegas, as they are now or may hereafter
be established.

Rigid conduit shall also be required for all wires used to conduct current
for lights, heat, power in the wiring of new buildings, rewirings of old buildings and the installation of
new wiring in old buildings or additions thereto not within the fire limits or the
fire zone of the City of Las Vegas (as they now or may here after be established), provided
 such building or addition is to be occupied by a church, a school, a theater,
a hotel, a public building, a garage so constructed as to permit the storing of three
or more cars (private or public) a gasoline filling station or an apartment house consisting
of more than two apartments.

The use of flexible conduit will be approved where it is impracticable
to install rigid conduit by obtaining special permission from the Electrical Inspector.

All conduit used in underground installations shall be galvanized.

The use of non-metallic sheathed cable shall not be permitted.

Bell transformers shall be installed in an accessible place and shall be
fused and such fuses shall not be larger that ten (10) ampere capacity.

Lights installed upon gasoline pumps shall be wired in duplex lead covered
wires.			

Lamps and sockets within filling stations shall be inclosed in vapor-tight

globes.

Under ground service wires shall be in lead covered cable. 

All cutout panelboards shall be in dead-front type.

Installations requiring more than two circuits shall be equipped with
standard approved cabinets.

Each outlet for fixtures shall be provided with a fixture stud fastened to
the box by means of stove bolts or other approved methods.

Drop cords commonly known as "green and yellow cord" used as part of a 
fixture shall not exceed three (3) feet in length.

All conduit and metal cable shall be secured to boxes, cabinets, plates,
etc. by means of one lock nut inside and one outside of boxes, etc; or by other approved methods.

The bridging of a fuse block or switch with wire or coin or the fusing
of any conductor above its rated capacity shall be prohibited.

A group of small buildings or cabins may be wired from one meter service
board or source of supply, provided each cabin or, dwelling is protected by an enclosed
fused disconnect switch, and such switch shall be not more that 8 feet and six inches
nor less that 6 feet from the level ground.

MOTORS.

SECTION VII. All motors exceeding one-quarter (¼) horsepower shall be
wired in conduit.

disconnecting switch shall be placed on the line side of each motor of
more that one-quarter (¼) horsepower and shall be within sight and not more that ten
(10) feet distant from the motor.

All alternating current motors having a normal rated capacity of over one
(l) horse power when not equipped with approved starting devices or when hot properly
protected with approval thermal cutouts must be provided with both starting and
running fuses and controlled with an approved double throw spring switch designed to
so it will not stay in starting position when released.

All single phase motors having a normal rated capacity of five (5) horsepower
or more and all three (3) phase motors having a normal rated capacity of seven
and one half (7½) horsepower or more shall be provided with an approved compensator
or equivalent device to reduce the excessive starting current required. Overload
relays used with compensators shall have all connections enclosed within an approval
metal box.