only for work and improvements upon the streets, alleys and public highways of the City.

Section 2, No moneys shall be drawn by the City Treasurer, or any other official,
from said "Street Fund" except upon a warrant authorized by the Board of City Commissioners at
a meeting in the same manner as other warrants are required to be drawn against the various
funds of said City. Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

this 3rd, day of January 1912. as an emergency ordinance upon consent of the entire Board of
Commissioners upon the first reading thereof upon the following vote. Ayes: Commissioners
Coughlin, McGovern, aye, Stewart, von Tobel, and Mayor Peter Buol.

Approved Peter Buol. Mayor.

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

(SEAL)

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is citizen of
the United States, over the age of eighteen years, that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and that the ordinance No. 23, of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached
is a true copy, was published in said paper for one issue on the following date to-wit: January
6th, 1912.		Chas. C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22nd, day of January, A.D. 1912.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 24,





An Ordinance regulating the shutting off of water in systems supplying the City of Las
Vegas and the inhabitants thereof with water.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to ordain as follows:
Section 1. It shall be the duty of any person or corporation supplying water to the City
of Las Vegas and its inhabitants through hydrants located upon the streets, alleys and public
Places in this City, whenever by reason of repairs or work, or from any causes, the water is
turned off from any such hydrants to notify the chief or other head of the Fire Department
of the City thereof, before the water is turned off, and the length of time such hydrant will
remain without water, and in case of the alarm of fire in the City, it shall be the duty of such
persons or corporation to turn into all mains and hydrants all the water necessary or available
if possible. A failure to comply with the provisions of this section relative to notice shall
render such persons or corporation liable for by damages accruing to the City or to any of its
citizens or inhabitants by fire or otherwise due to the water being shut off.

Section 2. It shall be the duty of any person or corporation supplying water to the City
of Las Vegas and its inhabitants through mains or pipes located upon the streets, alleys or public 
places in this City, whenever by reason of repairs or, work, or from any cause, the water is
turned off from any of such mains or pipes, to notify all the water usages to be affected thereby,
before the water is turned off, and the length of time they will remain without water from the
mains or pipes theretofore supplying them with water, ana such notice shall in all cases, except
in cases of great necessity, be given to such user of water at least one hour before the water
is turned off, a failure to comply with the provisions of this section relative to notice shall
render such persons or corporation liable for all damages accruing to such water users due to
the water being shut off.

Section 3. In case such persons or corporation mentioned in the preceding two sections
be engaged in work upon any line of pipe necessitating the turning off of water, no such line of