office. All Trustees appointed shall qualify by taxing an official oath of office which shall be filed

	

with the City Clerk. The members of the Board of Cemetery Trustees shall be entitled to no compensation
for their services.

 Section 2. The Board of Cemetery Trustees shall elects one of their number as Chairman, one
as Secretary and one as Treasurer thereof. Said Board of Trustees shall adopt such by-laws not 
inconsistent with the laws of the State of Nevada, the Charter of the City of Las Vegas or any of the
Ordinances thereof as may be deemed necessary for its organization, the regulation of its affairs, the



management of property under its care and the performance of all duties within the object and
purposes of its creation.

Section  3. The said Board of Cemetery Trustees shall have the power, subject to the control
and supervision of the Board of City commissioners, to Survey, plat, map, fence, ornament, and
otherwise improve all public burial and cemetery grounds owned or controlled by the City of Las
Vegas, such land, or such parts thereof, as may from time to time be required for that purpose, shall
be surveyed and subdivided into lots or plats of such size as the Trustees may direct, with such
avenues, paths, alleys and walks as the Trustees deem proper, and a map, or maps, of such surveys
shall be filed in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County; and after filing such maps, the
Trustees may sell and convey the acts or plats designated upon such maps, upon such terms as
shall be agreed upon, and subject to such conditions and restrictions, to be inserted in, or
annexed to, the conveyances, as the trustees shall prescribe; the conveyances to be executed in
the name of the City of Las Vegas, and signed by the Chairman and secretary of the Board of
Trustees. The moneys received from the sale of lots or plats shall be by the Treasurer of such
Board of Cemetery Trustees paid and delivered over to the Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas
and by him placed in a special fund which is hereby created to be known as and called Las Vegas
Cemetery Fund. The Board of City Commissioners may from time to time have transferred from the
General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to said Las Vegas Cemetery Fund such sums as shall be set
apart for the care, maintenance and conduct of public burial grounds and cemeteries and such funds
shall be applied and used for no other purpose.

All indebtedness created by said Board of Cemetery Trustees shall be paid by the presentation
and allowance of bills therefor in the same manner as is prescribed for the presentation, allowance
and payment of other indebtedness against the City of Las Vegas. The amount and character of the
indebtedness to be created by said Board of Cemetery Trustees shall be controlled, limited and
and prescribed by the Board of City Commissioners. No claim of indebtedness against said City
incurred by or through said Board of Cemetery Trustees shall be allowed, audited or paid unless the
same is approved in writing by the Board of cemetery Trustees endorsed or placed upon the claim
as presented.

Section 4. The said Board of Cemetery Trustees shall have charge and supervision over the
burial in and removals of bodies from such burial grounds and cemeteries; and it shall be the
duty of such Board of Trustees to insist upon the enforcement of all rules and ordinances 
established by the City of Las Vegas for the protection and government of said grounds.

Section 5. Whenever the said lands shall be laid off into lots or plats, and such lots
or plats, or any of them, shall be transferred to individual holders, and after there has been
an interment in a lot or plat so transferred such lot or plat, from the time of such interment
shall be forever thereafter inalienable, and shall, upon the death of the holder or proprietor
thereof, descend to the heirs at law of such holder or proprietor, and to their heirs at law forever;
provided, nevertheless, that any one or more of such heirs at law may release to any other of the

said heirs at law his, her or their interest in the same, on such conditions as shall be agreed
on and specified in such release, which release shall be recorded with the County Recorder of
Clark County; and provided further, that the body of any deceased person shall not be interred

in such lot or plat, unless it be the body of a person having, at the time of such decease, an