Section LXXV. ROLLER SKATING:

It shall be unlawful for any person to use roller skates on or to travel by means of
roller skates on any street in the City of Las Vegas, or on sidewalks in the Central Traffic
District.

Section LXXVI. MUST DISPLAY LICENSE NUMBER:

It shall he unlawful for any person to drive or operate any motor vehicle on a public
street or alley in he City of Las Vegas without displaying a license number or plate thereon,
 as provided by the Laws of the State of Nevada.

Section LXXVII. POSSESSION OPERATOR'S OR CHAUFFEUR'S LICENSE.

It shall be unlawful for any person to drive or operate any motor vehicle on a public
street or alley in the City of Las Vegas, whether as an operator or chauffeur, unless such
person has been licensed as an operator or chauffeur as provided by the laws of the State of
Nevada and such license has not been revoked and shall have such license in his immediate
possession at all times when driving as aforesaid, and shall display the sane upon the demand
 of any policeman of the City of Las Vegas.

Section LXXVIII. FIREWORKS, ETC. ON STREETS.

It shall be unlawful for any person or persons upon any day of celebration, carnival,
holiday or upon any other day or time, to throw, discharge or cause to be thrown or discharged
 upon any street or on, in or under any vehicle upon any street, or upon any sidewalk,
 within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, any bomb, firecracker, or other character
of fireworks, flour, sand or any other substance or material whatever.

Section LXXIX. SWEEPING DIRT, ETC., FROM BUILDING.

It shall be unlawful for any person to sweep dust, dirt, accumulations, refuse or deposits
 from any building onto or upon any public sidewalks in the City of Las Vegas, but
the same at the time of sweeping shall be gathered up and deposited into some suitable 
receptacle approved by the Street Superintendent.

Section LXXX. SWEEPING DIRT, ETC., ONTO STREET.

It shall be unlawful for any person to sweep dust, dirt, accumulations, refuse or 
deposits of any public sidewalk onto, in or upon any street or gutter of any street within
the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas.

Section LXXXI. FIRES ON STREETS AND ALLEYS.

It shall be unlawful for any person to kindle or use any fire or to make a bonfire 
upon any public street, alley or public ground within the City of Las Vegas.

Section LXXXII. WATER RUNNING ONTO STREET.

(a) No person, firm, company, association or corporation owning or controlling any
hose, water pipe, ditch, lawn sprinkling system, canal, flume or waterway or through or
from either or from any other source shall allow or permit water from the same or any part
thereof to flow over or into any sidewalk, street, alley, or public place; provided that
nothing herein shall be so construed as to prevent the wetting of any sidewalk, alley, street
or public place for the purpose of cleaning the same or allaying the dust thereon, nor the
accidental breaking of any such hose, water pipe, ditch or flume, provided such break be
repaired or the flow of water through the same be abated within two hours after personal
notice of such break be given the person, manager, superintendent, agent or officer of any
company, corporation or association owning, controlling or maintaining the same or having
any pecuniary interest therein. If such break be not repaired or the water turned off within
said time, it shall be the duty of the Street Superintendent or any policeman to cause
the water flowing through such hose, water pipe, ditch, anal, flume, lawn sprinkling system,
 or waterway to be shut off, and it shall be unlawful for any person to again turn such
water through the same until proper repairs have been made.



(b) Any person who shall at any time sprinkle, pour, throw, drain, pump or place, or
cause to be sprinkled, poured, thrown, drained, pumped or placed, any filthy or offensive
water, fluid, liquid matter or thing, in or upon any street, ditch, lane, court, square,
alley or vacant lot within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas shall be guilty of
a misdemeanor and punished as hereinafter in this ordinance provided.

Section LXXXIII. OBSTRUCTIONS OF STREETS, ETC.

	It shall be unlawful for any person, persons, firm, company, or corporation, to occupy

 any part or portion of any street, alley, sidewalk, sidewalk space, court, public park
 or grounds, within the City of Las Vegas, for the purpose of keeping or maintaining any
newspaper stand, bootblack stand, drinking stand, popcorn stand, weighing machine, automatic
 vending machine, sandwich wagon or any stand for the sale of notions or any other article
of goods, wares or merchandise, or any similar obstruction. 

Section LXXXIV. PUBLIC MEETINGS ON STREETS.

It shall be unlawful for any person or persons, firm, company, or corporation to hold,
conduct, or address any assemblage, meeting, or gathering of persons, or to make or deliver
any public speech, sermon, lecture, or discussion, or to conduct or take part in any public
debate or discussion in or upon any of the public streets, alleys, sidewalks, or public plates
of the City of Las Vegas, without a special permit therefor having first been given by the
Board of City Commissioners.

Section LXXXV. ADVERTISING ENTERTAINMENTS, ETC.	

It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, company, or corporation to advertise or
cause or permit to be advertised upon or from any vehicle moving or at rest upon any of the
public street, alleys or public grounds of the City of Las Vegas, any dance, show, picnic,
barbecue, entertainment, resort, club, contest or sale by music, noise, speeches, oratory
or oral announcement made from or on any such vehicle by the human voice, by radio or by
phonograph, without a special permit therefor having first been given by the Board of City
Commissioners, and an issuance of a license to such person, firm, company, or corporation
shall not be deemed to be such permit.