ORDINANCE NO. 115

An Ordinance to amend Section three (3) of Ordinance No. 103 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled:	"An Ordinance to amend Section six [6) of Ordinance No. 77 of the City

of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to Prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas without
first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license
providing a penalty therefor, and repealing all Ordinances in conflict therewith." and to
amend said Ordinance No. 77 by adding a new section thereto to be known as Section 6b, and
to repeal all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with said amendments."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section three (3) of the above-entitled Ordinance No. 103 is hereby amended
 so as to read as follows:

Section 3. A new section is hereby added to said Ordinance No. 77, to be known as 
Section 6b, as follows:

Section 6b. It shall be the duty of the owner, proprietor, manager, or other person
 having charge or control of any location or place of business for ar concerning which a license
 or licenses is or are issued under this Ordinance, and any employee thereof, at all
times of the day and night to keep and maintain on, or upon at least one side of each and
every glass door or window fronting or abutting upon any street or alley, a shade, curtain,
screen, or other obstruction, which shall prevent and obstruct the free view from the outside
of such glass door or window into that portion of such location or place of business where
any such game or games is or are located or being carried on. Provided, however, that no
such games or game, so licensed shall be dealt, played or carried on behind locked or barred
doors."

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage
and publication for one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 3rd day of December, 1925, upon the

following vote:	Commissioners Smith, Elwell, Mundy, Hammond and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse

voting aye; noes, none.		

First reading Nov. 6th, 1925.

Second reading Dec. 3rd, 1925.

Approved this 3rd day of Dec. 1925. 

J. F. Hesse
Mayor

Attest:	Florence S. Doherty	

City Clerk	