EMERGENCY ORDINANCE 143. (Emergency Ordinance)

An ordinance providing the manner of parking vehicles in certain areas of the
City of Las Vegas for a period of sixty days from and after the passage, approval and
complete publication of this ordinance, providing a penalty for the violation of this
Ordinance, and other matters relating thereto.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. When ever in this ordinance the following terms are used they shall
have the meanings respectively ascribed to them in this Section:

Park. To stand a vehicle for a period of time greater than is reasonably necessary
 for the actual loading or unloading of persons or materials.

Intersection. The area embraced within the prolongation of the property lines
of two or more streets which join at an angle, whether or not one such street crosses
the other.

Section 2. For a period of sixty days from, and after the passage, approval
and complete publication of this Ordinance it shall be unlawful for the driver of any
vehicle to park the same or cause the same to be parked, in or upon any street in the
following areas in said City of Las Vegas, unless such vehicle shall be parked parallel
to the middle of the street on the side of the street on which it was traveling at the
time of parking and so that the left hand wheels of such vehicle shall stand not more
than two feet from the center line of the street. The front of such vehicle shall extend
in the general direction of the traffic on the side of the street upon which it was
traveling at the time of parking, and such vehicle shall be parked with sufficient room
for any vehicle already parked to the from or rear or both, to be able to conveniently
depart from from its position. No such vehicle shall be parked in said area at, on or
within 25 feet of the street intersection. The said areas are more particularly described
 as follows:

In Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.

First Street, from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

First Street, from Fremont Street to Lewis Street.

Second Street from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

Second Street from Fremont Street to Lewis Street.

Third Street from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

Third Street from Fremont Street to Lewis Street.

Fourth Street from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

Fourth Street from Fremont Street to Lewis Street.

Fifth Street from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

Ogden Street, From Main Street to the easterly limit of Fifth Street.

Carson Street, from Main Street to Fifth Street.

Bridger Street, from Main Street to Fifth Street.

In Hawkin's Addition.

Ogden Street, from Fifth Street to the alley running northerly and southerly
 throughout Blocks 1 and 2 in said Hawkin's Addition.

Fremont Street, from Fifth Street to the easterly limit of said Hawkin's
Addition crossing said Fremont Street.

In Buck's Subdivision.

Fremont Street, from the westerly limit of Buck's Subdivision crossing said
Fremont Street, to Eighth Street.

Section 3. Any person, firm, or corporation violating any of the provisions
of this Ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof
shall be punished by a fine of not less than Two and One-Half Dollars nor more than One
Hundred Dollars or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not less than one
and one quarter days nor more than fifty days, or by both such fine, and imprisonment.

Section 4. This Ordinance shall take effect, and be inforce from, and after
its passage, and publication for a period of one week (3 issues) in the Las Vegas Age.
a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed, and adopted a a regular meeting held this 1st day of August 1929,
upon the following vote: Commissioners Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor J. F.
Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

First reading July 23rd 1929.

Second Reading August 1st, 1929.

Approved this 1st day of August 1929.

J. F. Hesse_

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

County of Clark) SS	 	

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: That he is publisher of the 
Las Vegas Age, a Tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed, and published in
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of four issues, August 3rd to
Aug. 10th inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates; to-wit:
Aug. 3, 6, 8, 10th 1929. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each 
of the dates above named. That the charge for the publication of the same was $46.25.

Signed C. P. Squires,

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th day of August 1929.

C. D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark Co. Nev.

My Commission Expires May 26th 1931.

(Seal)