Ordinance No. One



An Ordinance fixing the Licenses on Divers Businesses and Occupations pursued in Las Vegas
"The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain"

Section 1. That each and every person, firm or corporation who shall engage on or follow any



of the herein after mentioned business, callings avocations or occupations in the City of Las Vegas, shall
as condition precedent to the doing of any business or pursuing such calling, avocation
occupation or business, pay to the City treasurer as a license fee for such privilege the amount
set immediately following the designation of the various business, occupations avocations
and calling s hereinafter set forth, and such sum of	shall be paid quarterly in advance

and for the purpose of the collection and payment of such license and tax each year is divided
into four quarters, the first quarter beginning January first the second quarter beginning
April first, the third quarter beginning July 1st, the fourth quarter beginning October the
first, and each of such quarters years shall expire on the day preceding the beginning of the
next following quarter year, and no license shall be issued or granted for a less period of time
than one, year, and all licenses shall expire on the last day of the quarter wherein they are
issued.

Section 2, The occupations, avocations, callings ad businesses hereby taxed and licensed
and the rates of licenses and taxation are as follows, viz.

For each and every grocery store, $5.00 per quarter.

For each general merchandise and gents furnishing store $5.00.
For each second hand store $5.00
For each Hotel $5.00 per quarter

For each Jewelary store and watch reparing establishment $3.25 per quarter.

For each rooming house, capable of entering four or more guests, $2.50 per quarter
For each restaurant $2.50. per quarter.

For each confectionery store or cigar store and confectionery store $3.25 per quarter.
For each steam or power laundry $5.00 per quarter
For each livery stable $5.00 per quarter.

For each lumber yard $5.00 per quarter

For each dealer or firm of dealers in real estate, $5.00 per quarter.

For each butcher shop or meat market $.5.00 per quarter
For each shoemaker or cobbler shop $2.50 per quarter
For each delar in wood or fuel, $3.25 per quarter
For each drug store $5.00 per quarter.

For each plumber or plumbing shop, $5.00 per quarter.

For each tin- shop, operating as a separate enterprise, $5.00 per quarter.

For each paint store $3.25 per quarter.

For each general repair shop, $5.00 per quarter.

For each newspaper and job printing establishment, $5.00 per quarter.
For each dealer in Ice, $10.00 per quarter.

For each insurance agent and solicitor , $5.00 per quarter.

For each Surveyor, assyer or civil engineer, $5.00 per quarter.

For each shooting gallery , $5.00 per quarter.

For each Bakery , $5.00 per quarter.

For each Ice cream parlor, $3.25 per quarter.

For each Barber shop, $7.50 per quarter.

For each photographer, $3-25 Per quarter.