Section 18. A. master switch must be installed where there are more than
two meter switches in one building.

Troughing must be provided where there are more than two meter switches and
where larger than three No. 8 wires are used.

Flexible conduit shall he strapped within twelve inches of outlet and every
three feet along the run.

Rigid conduit shall be strapped within three feet of outlet and every
five feet along the run.

Wire shall not be pulled in conduit for a distance greater than seventy
feet without the installation of a pull box. Pull boxes may be installed in an accessible
attic land made dust proof.

Notching of joists is permissible if notched 1/5 the depth of the joist
and not more than three times the depth of the joist from the bearing surface.

Porcelain sockets shall be used over all grounded floors where sockets are
less than 8 feet above the floor.

Section 19, All electric sign shall have the approval of the Electrical

Inspector.

Electric signs shall be wired on separate circuits. Switches controlling
sign or outlet lighting shall be externally operated.

When signs are not within sight of the switch, the switch shall be of

locking type.

Section 20. Weatherproof wire shall be used in the installation of yard

wiring.

In yard wiring, where the current carrying conductors support the lights,
wooden spreaders of not less than 12 inches in length shall be used. Spreaders shall be
placed every ten feet along the run, and shall have an approved insulator on each end
and conductors shall be securely fastened to theses insulators.

Conductors are to be dead ended on a suitable bracket or insulator at
each end of the run.

A Galvanized iron wire of not less than #12 gage shall be continuous from
from one end of the run to the other, and shall be securely fastened to the center of
each spreader. The galvanized iron wire shall be securely fastened at each end of the run
so as to act as a messenger and release the strain on the current carrying conductors.

All yard light shall be equipped with weatherproof sockets.

-

Section 21. All ground connections shall run to a cold water pipe and
fastened by an approved ground clamp. Where it is impracticable to connect to a water pipe
a ground rod of not smaller than inch galvanized pipe (or its equal) shall be used.

Section 22. Open wires shall be separated from contract with walls, floors
timbers or partitions through which they pass by tubes or bushings composed of approved
non-combustible non-absorptive insulating materials.

Wires crossing through cross timbers in plaster partitions shall be 

 protected by an additional tube extending at least three inches above the timber where it
  is  impracticable to use tubes or bushings loom may be substituted.

Section 23. All alternating current motors having a normal rated capacity
 of one (1) horsepower or over shall be equipped with a no-voltage release switch. All
alternating current motors having a normal rated capacity of over two (2) horsepower
shall be equipped with an over load protection.

Section 24. Every person, firm or corporation violating any of the 
provisions of this Ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction
thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Five Dollars nor more than Three
Hundred Dollars or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period not exceeding One 
Hundred Fifty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 25. Ordinance No. 156, of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An 
Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical installation, fixture and connection
work and providing for the examination of persons engaged in the same, creating an 
examination board and providing a penalty for the violation thereof," is hereby repealed.

Section 26. Ordinance No. 128 of the City Las Vegas, entitled, "An 
Ordinance providing for the licensing of electrical workers in the City of Las Vegas, and
fixing a penalty for the violation thereof," is hereby repealed.

Section 27. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with the
provisions of this Ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 28. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage
and adoption and publication for a period of one week (three issues) in Las Vegas Age,
a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 29. Every person, firm or corporation violating any of the 
provisions of this Ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a separate offense for each day or
portion thereof during which such violation continues and shall be punishable therefor
as herein provided.

Passed and adopted this 14th day of July A.D, 1930 by the following
vote of the Board of City Commissioners:

Commissioners Hansell, German, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse 
voting aye. Noes none.

	First reading June 30, 1930.

Final reading July 14, 1930.

	Approved this 14th day of July, A.D. 1930.

J. F. Hesse.

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

t Attest:

Viola Burns.

City Clerk.