Ordinance No. 6,

An ordinance to prohibit the use of profane, Vile or obscene Language on the streets or
other Public Places in Las Vegas.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain.

1. The use of profane or obscene language or words upon the Public streets alleys or
highways of the City of Las Vegas is hereby prohibited.

Sec. 2, Immodest, improper, or indecent behavior upon any of public streets or highway, or
in any store, hotel, saloon, or other public place within said City of Las Vegas, is hereby prohibited.

Sec. 3, Any person violating either of the loregoing sections of this ordinance shall be pun-
ished by a fine not exceeding three hundred ($300.00) dollars or imprisonment not more than one
hundred and fifty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment The necessity appearing and it being
duly moved and seconded, and voted unanimously this ordinance was introduced and passed as an
emergency ordinance. The foregoing was read in full to the Board. After due consideration by the
Board, it, was, upon motion of Commissioner McGovern, seconded by Commissioner Stewart and duly
carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read and the Clerk instructed to have
the same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Von Tobel Mayor protem
aye, Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern, aye, .

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.	Signed Ed. Von. Tobel. Mayor protem

Affidavite of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United States
over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Nevada, Clark County, Nevada,
and that the ordinance No. 6, of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true copy, was
published in said paper for one issue, on the following dates towit:- July 13th, A.D. 1911.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th, day of July A.D. 1911. Signed Chas. C. Corkhill

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 7,

Am ordinance for the prevention of Nuisances.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain.

Sec. 1 It shall be unlawful for any person or persons to maintain a nuisance within
the limits of said City.

Sec. 2. A nuisance within the meaning of this ordinance is hereby defined as follows
towit, A. Any manure pile, offal, hog pen, carcass, or dead animal remaining unremoved beyond
the limits of said City for more than twelve hours after death of such animal, any decayed meat,
fruit or vegetables.

B, Any cesspool, privy, water closet or any other receptacle whatsover for human
excrement which is in overflowing foul or filthy condition, or any foul or filthy drain or sewer
pipe.	C, Every act or thing done or every condition created, committed or allowed or any

property that is detrimental to the public health, safety, morals or convenience.

Sec. 3, Any person whether owner or occupant or the agent of any owner or occupant
or any corporation or officer, agent or servant of such corporation that shall create, maintain
allow or permit upon the property, any nuisance enumerated in sub-sections A, B, and C, of Section
1 of this ordinance, shall be punished by a fine not exceeding three hundred ($300.00) Dollars

or by imprisonment not exceeding one hundred and fifty days or by both such fine and imprisonment



Sec. 3. It is hereby made the duty of the Chief of  Police of said City of Las Vegas to