Section 16. The driver of any vehicle moving slowly in, upon or along any street, shall
keep such vehicle as closely as possible to the curb on the right, allowing more swiftly
moving vehicles free passage on the left.

Section 17. The driver of any vehicle in or upon any street shall, before turning, stopping
 or changing the course of such vehicle, and before turning such vehicle when starting
the same, first see that there is sufficient space for such movement to be made with safety
and shall then give a plainly visible or audible signal to the drivers of the vehicles
behind the vehicle so turning, stopping or changing its course, or turning from a standstill
of his intention to make such a movement. Such signal shall be given by raising the hand

or whip or by means of a signal device that has been previously approved by the Police and

Fire Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and indicating with such hand, whip



or signalling device, the direction in which the turn is to be made.

Section 18. The driver of any vehicle in or upon any street shall, in turning to the
right into another street, turn the corner as near the right hand corner as possible.

Section 19. The driver of any vehicle in or upon any street shall, in turning to the

left into another street, pass to the right of and beyond the center of the

street intersection before turning.

Section 20. The driver of any vehicle crossing from one side of any street to the other
side thereof shall make such crossing by turning to the left so as to head in the direction
 in which the traffic is moving on the side of the street toward which the crossing

is made.

Section 21. It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle to stop the same or cause
the same to be stopped in or upon any street with the left side of such vehicle toward or
 along or next to the curb.

Section 22. It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle to stop the same, or cause

the same to be stopped, in or upon any street unless the wheels of such vehicle nearest

the curb are not more than two feet distant from such curb; provided, however, that the 
provisions of this section shall not apply in case of emergency, or when such stop is made
for the purpose of allowing another vehicle or pedestrian to pass in front of such vehicle
so stopped,	or in compliance with an order or signal from a police officers.

Section 23. It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle standing at the curb in or

upon any street to fail or refuse to give way promptly to a vehicle for the purpose of 
receiving or discharging passengers, baggage, freight or merchandise.

 Section 24. It shall be unlawful for any person to ride, drive or propel, or cause to be

ridden, driven or propelled, in, upon or along any street within the business district of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as described and referred to in Section 1 of this Ordinance
in a backward direction, if by so doing the free and uninterrupted passage of another 
vehicle is impeded.

Section 25. It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle to back such vehicle
without first giving visible or audible warning to drivers of vehicles or to pedestrians
behind such vehicle so backing.



Section 26. The driver of any animal attached to a vehicle backed up to the curb upon
any street shall turn such animal and keep the same turned at right angles to such vehicle
and in the direction in which the traffic is moving on the side of the street which the
animal is standing, or as near a right angle as the tongue or pole of the vehicle will 
permit.

Section 27. It shall be unlawful for any person to ride or drive, or cause to be ridden
or driven, any horse or other animal, or to ride, drive or propel, or cause to be ridden,
driven or propelled, any vehicle across, upon or along, any public sidewalk, or to leave
any such animal or vehicle to stand thereon, or permit any such animal or vehicle to stand
upon any public street in such a manner as to obstruct the free use of such street.