hereby repealed.	

Section 5. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption
and publication for one week (six issues) in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 6. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 185 published
one week (6 issues) in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.



 	

Passed end adopted this 4 day of February A.D. 1932 by the following vote: 
Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting Aye. Noes 
Commissioners Mundy and German.

First reading December 4, 1931. Second reading February 4th, 1932.

Approved this 4th day of February, 1932.

E. W. Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE 0F NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark )

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 185
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada was published in said newspaper for a period of one
week from Feb. 10 1932 to Feb. 17 1932 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates to-wit: Feb. 10-11-12-13-14-16-17 1932.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the legal charge for the publishing the same was $78.00.

Signed C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of March 1932.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.
(Notarial Seal)

 ORDINANCE NO. 186.



An Ordinance to prohibit the sale or keeping for sale of fireworks in the City
of Las Vegas, and prescribing a punishment therefor.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person, persons, firm, company, 
corporation or association, within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, to keep for sale
at retail or to sell at retail any rocket, squib, firecracker, Roman candle, torpedo
or other fireworks or substance designated or intended for pyrotechnic display.

Section 2. Any person or persons, firm, company, corporation, association
who or which shall violate any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be guilty of
a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less
then $10.00 or more than $100.00, or be imprisoned in the City Jail not less than five
or more than fifty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 3. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force upon and after
its passage and publication one week (6 issues) in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper
published in said City of Las Vegas.

The foregoing ordinance was adopted at a recessed regular meeting of the
said Board held on the 13th day of April, 1932, as an emergency Ordinance, pursuant
to a Resolution adopted making same and emergency ordinance upon the vote of the
entire Board. The vote on said Ordinance was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Mundy,
German, Thomas and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

First reading April 13th, 1932.

	_____Viola Burns City Clerk

(City Seal)

	Approved this 13th day of April, 1932.

E. W. Cragin
Mayor.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.