	ORDINANCE NO. 191.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas to amend, revise and re-enact Section l of 
Ordinance No. 92 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas 
establishing a City Dump Ground and regulating the removal and disposal of rubbish, etc."

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DC ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That Section 1 of the above-entitled Ordinance No. 92 be and the same
 is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that the same shall read as follows:

"Sec. 1. That the City Dump Grounds for ashes, paper, straw, manure, rags, boxes,
scrap metal, and like material, and rubbish of all kinds, collected by the City and
private conveyances, from the streets, alleys, and other public and private places and
premises in the said City, be and the same is hereby established at and on that certain
piece or parcel of land, owned by the City of Las Vegas, situate without the corporate
limits of said City of las Vegas, and more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

The Southwest Quarter (SW¼) of the Southwest Quarter (SW¼) of Section One (1), 
Township twenty-one (21) South, Range sixty-one (61) East, Mount Diablo Base and Meridian;

Clark County, Nevada. The provisions of this ordinance shall not interfere with the
provisions of any contract with said City for the gathering and disposal of garbage,
now in existence or hereafter entered into with said City."

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in operation on and after
its adoption and publication for one week (six weeks) in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper
 published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed by the Board or City Commissioners this 6th day of September, 1932, upon
the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

	First reading August 11, 1932.

Second and final reading September 6, 1932.

Approved September 6, 1932.

E. W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk
By Mary Taylor,

Deputy.

(City Seal)	AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA )ss
County of Clark )

C. P. Squires being duly sworn, deposes and says: "that he is publisher
of the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 191 of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada was published in said newspaper for a period of one week,
from September 9, 1932 to September 15, 1932 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: September, 9, 10, 11, 13, 14, 15, 1932. That said newspaper
was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above names. That the legal charge
for publishing the same was $

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th day of Sept. 1932.

C. D. Breeze

(Notarial Seal)	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada



ORDINANCE NO. 192.

An Ordinance to amend, revise and re-enact Section 10a as Created by Ordinance No.

134 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance to amend Section 7 of Ordinance No.

48 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing
for the purpose of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter
specified, transacted or carried on within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas,
State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the
collection of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conducting any
such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14, and 35,' as
amended by Sec. 1 of Ordinance No. 81 of said City, by herein amending certain subdivisions
thereof and by adding certain other subdivisions and to amend said Ordinance No. 48 by
adding two new sections to be known as Section Nos. 10a and 10b respectively, and to
repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith."

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

	Section 1. Section 10a as created by said Ordinance No. 184 of the City of Las

Vegas is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that the same shall read as follows: