ORDINANCE NO. 101

An Ordinance Providing for a City Pound; Appointment of A Pound Master and Deputy Pound
Master; Providing Rules and Regulations for the Government of Same prohibiting Animals Running
 at Large within the City and Providing for the Custody and Sale of Same and Matters Relating
 Thereto; Fixing the Fees to be charged by the Pound Master, His Salary and His Duties;

Fixing a Penalty for the Violation of Any of the Provisions hereof, and Repealing All Ordinances
 or Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Herewith, and Specifically Repealing Ordinance No. 5
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to Prohibit Stock Running at Large".

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as follows:

Sec. l. A Public Pound is hereby provided and established, and the same shall be located
at such place in the City of Las Vegas as shall be fixed by the Pound Master, by and with the
consent of the Board of City Commissioners.

Sec. 2. The City Marshall of the City of Las Vegas shall be ex-officio Pound Master,
and may appoint a Deputy, by and with the consent of the Board of City Commissioners, who
shall have police power, and devote his entire time, or such time as may be designated by the
Board of City Commissioners from time to time, to the duties of the office of deputy Pound
Master. The Deputy Pound Master shall receive such salary or compensation as may be fixed
or determined by the Board of City Commissioners from time to time, and he shall not be allowed
fees or any other compensation than that fixed by such Board of City Commissioners, and he
 shall hold office during the pleasure of the Board of City Commissioners. The Deputy Pound
Master before entering upon his office, shall execute a sufficient bond to the City of Las
Vegas, to be approved by the Mayor, in the penal sum of Five Hundred Dollars, for the faithful 
performance of the duties of the office.

Sec. 3. It shall be the duty of the Deputy Pound Master or any police officer to take up,
seize and impound all horses, mules, burros, asses, goats, cows, bulls, calves, sheep, swine, fowls
or other domestic animal, 	or any thereof, running at large in the City of Las Vegas, and take

up, seize and impound any of such animals herded in charge of any person, staked, or in any

manner grazing, or being grazed or fed, upon any public street, alley, sidewalk, square, park, 
or public grounds in said City, or any of said animals which is upon or being led or driven
upon any sidewalk in said City.

Sec. 4. Any animal or fowl found trespassing upon any private grounds or premises in

said City may be taken up by any person and committed to the custody of the Pound Master, or

Deputy Pound Master, who shall hold the same subject to reasonable demands and charges for
actual damages done by said animal or fowl, in addition to the fees hereinafter prescribed.



Sec. 5. The Deputy Pound Master, or in case one is not acting, the Pound Master, shall

keep a true and complete record of the number and description of all animals and fowls taken

into his custody, with the date of their receipt, and the date add manner of their disposal, 

with the fees and charges collected on account of said animals and fowls, and the disposition

thereof. Said record to be kept in a book or books provided for that purpose, which shall
be the record book or books of the office of the Pound Master, and shall not be removed therefrom.
 He shall also keep conspicuously posted at the entrance of the pound, and on a bulletin
Board at the entrance of the office of the City Marshall a list of all animals and fowls impounded
 and detained by him. He shall also provide necessary subsistence for all animals
and fowls while in his custody.

Sec. 6. All fowls and animals, taken into the custody of the Pound Master, if not
reclaimed within five (5) days thereafter, shall be advertised for sale by written notices
conspicuously posted on the pound gate, and on the bulletin board at the entrance of the
office of the City Marshall Said notices shall be substantially in the following form: