see proper. He must enquire into the cause of every fire occurring in the City and keep a record

of the same and make a report thereof once in three months, or oftener if required, to the police

and Fire Commissioner. He shall enforce all fire ordinances, examine all buildings

in the progress of erection, report violations of ordinances relating to the prevention and

extinguishment of fires, institute prosecution for the enforcement of ordinances when necessary

and perform such other duties as may by proper authority be  impose on him. Section 5.

Every person who at any time at the burning of any building shall be guilty of any disobedience to the

lawful orders of a public officer, the fire Chief, or Assistant or any firemen, or of resistance to or

	 		

interference with the lawful efforts of the Fire Chief or Assistant or any firemen, or company of
firemen, to extinguish the same, or of disorderly conduct likely to interfere with the 
extinguishment thereof, or who shall forbid, prevent or dissuade others from assisting to extinguish such
fire, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by 
imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than six months, or by a fine of not to exceed three

Hundred Dollars or by both. Section 6. It is the duty, strictly enjoined upon each and

every member of the police force of this City, to enforce, or cause to be enforced every provision

of the ordinances of this City, looking to the protection against and preventing of fire and 
accident; and to cause to be prosecuted in the proper Courts each and every violation thereof, and
any such officers who shall knowingly and wilfully neglect or refuse to diligently prosecute
any person violating any of such provisions, or who shall neglect, or refuse diligently to 
investigate any alleged violation thereof which may come to his knowledge, is guilty of a misdemeanor
and upon conviction there shall be punished by imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than
six months, or by a fine of not to exceed three hundred dollars, or by both. Section 7.

The duly appointed, qualified and acting Chief of the Fire Department of the City of Las Vegas
is hereby vested with and empowered to make arrests for the disobedience of or breach of any
ordinance of said City looking to the protection against and preventing of fires and accidents.

 Section 8. It shall be unlawful for any person or persons, corporation or corporations to carry
on or conduct within the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas the business or occupation of

		

cleaning clothes by the use of gasoline, benzine or any other highly volatile or combustible
liquid or substance, unless the process of cleaning with or by the use of such substance is
conducted in fire proof building and in a building situated at least fifteen feet from any other
building or outhouse, or unless such process is conducted in the open air at least fifteen from
any building or outhouse. Any person or persons, corporation or corporations violating the 
provisions of this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished
by a fine of not less than $25 nor more than $100, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not more

than sixty days, or by both. Section 9. It shall be the duty of each and every person or
corporation or the agent, servant or employee of any person or corporation who uses or is entitled
 to use water from the water system which is used or entitled to used by the City of Las
Vegas for the extinguishment of fires, to shut off and prevent the flowing and use of any water for

sprinkling or watering of lawns, trees or gardens upon the premises of such person, immediately
after the alarm of fire is sounded or given in the City of Las Vegas, and the above mentioned
persons shall refrain from the use or allowing of the water to flow for such purposes until the
fire, if any, is fully extinguished. Any person or corporation, or the agent, servant, or employee
of any person or corporation above mentioned who shall violate any of the provisions of this
section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by
imprisonment in the City Jail for not more then thirty days, or by a fine of not 	

less then $5.00 and not to exceed twenty five dollars, or by both.

Passed by the Board of Commissioners this 1st, day of May 1912, upon the following vote:
Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern, Von Tobel, and his honor the Mayor, aye. First
reading April 3,1912. Second reading May, 1st, 1912.	Approved, Peter Buol. Mayor.

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.