may as a punishement, be compelled to "pack sand" or carry other material from place to place, or
to perform other labor not unreasonable, inhuman or to burdensome, untill he declares himself
 willing to work and does work as required; or in lieu thereof he may, in the discretion

	

of the chief police be confined in a cell and be fed upon no other food except bread and water
until he declare himself ready to work; both methods of punishment for refusing to work shall in
no case be inflicted upon the same person at the same time. In either case of punishment for

refusing to work as required, such person shall have no credit upon his term of work or imprisonment
for such forced labor or solitary confinement.

#6. It shall be the duty of the chief police during fair and reasonable weather, when the
same can be done without extra expence to the City, to procure employment for and set at work
such convicted vagrant who are confined and serving out their term of imprisonment, and to this

end upon the application of the Commissioner of said City having charge and supervision of the	^

streets and alleys therein, and of the public property therein, or upon request of the Sheriff of	j

Clark County he shall deliver into the custody and charge of such person so making such application
 or request, and such prisoner as he may nave in his custody, and any such prisoner shall

be returned by the person so receiving him in custody to the City jail or other place of detention 
to the police or other officer in charge thereof before the hour of 6 o'clock P.M. for safe

keeping until again required for labor.

#7. But persons having such prisoners in charge during the time they are so employed on any public work in the city shall receive no extra compensation by 

reason of any work or services rendered or accomplished by such prisoners.

#8. Whereas in as much as their is no ordinance of said City defining and providing for 
the punishment of vagrants, an emergency is declared to exsit, and this ordinance shall take
effect and be in force from and after its passage by the City Commission and approval by the Mayor.

The vote being cast as follows to wit: Coughlin aye, Von Tobel, aye, McGovern aye,

Stewart aye, his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye.

Dated this 6th, day of September, 1911.

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas C.  Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is citizen of
the United States, over the age of eighteen years of age; that he is the publisher of the Clark
County Review, a weekly newspaper published and printed of general circulation at Las Vegas
Clark County Nevada, and that the ordinance No. 10. of which the attached is a true and correct
copy was published in said paper for a period of one issue on the 9th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Chas C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 11.

An ordinance defining and prohibiting petty larceny.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

1.	Every person who shall feloniously take, and carry, lead or drive away the personal

goods or property of another, under the value of fifty dollars shall be deemed guilty of petty larceny and
upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by imprisonment in the City Jail of the City of Las Vegas

for any time not exceeding one hundred days, or by fine not exceeding two hundred and fifty
dollars.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval
Upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Coughlin, it was unanimously voted by the

entire Board that this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows to wit-: