Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn deposes and says that he is a citizen of the
United States over the age of eighteen years, that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, and that the ordinance No. 17, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached is
a true and correct copy, was published in said paper for one issue on September 9th, A.D. 1911.
(SEAL)	Chas C. Corkhill.

subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 18.

An ordinance to provide for the installation of a sewerage system Las Vegas, Nevada,
and to provide for issuing of bonds of said City of Las Vegas for the purpose of raising money
necessary for such enterprise.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain:

That, whereas, it is the opinion of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, that the sanitary condition of said City present a great and urgent need for the 
establishment of an adequate system of sewerage in said City, and whereas, it is the opinion of the
said Board of Commissioners that $40,000.00 will serve to construct and install a presently adequate
system of sewerage in said City:

Section, 1, Therefore be it ordained by said Board of Commissioners that due notice be
given of an election to be held in said City of Las Vegas which election is hereby called to
beheld in said City on the 10th, day of October, 1911,  and that such election there be submitted
to the electors of said City the question "shall the City of Las Vegas issue Las Vegas Sewerage
bonds in the sum of $40,000.00 for the purpose of installing and establishing an adequate system
of sewerage in said City?" Said bonds to bear interest at the rate of 6 per cent per annum
from the date thereof.

Section 2, That the said City of Las Vegas hereby proposes to build, establish and
install an adequate system of sewerage in said City, and the estimated cost thereof as shown
by the report of the Commissioners heretofore selected and  delegated by said Board of City
Commissioners to ascertain such cost, will be approximately $40,000.00.

Section 3. That it is proposed by the said City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada, 
to incure and create an bonded indebtedness of not to exceed $40,000.00 to provide a fund for
the building, establishment and installation of such adequate system of sewerage, such bonds
to be issued in denomination $1,000.00 each and to bear interest at the rate of 6 per cent per
annum, payable semi-annually and said bonds to be numbered consecutively from No. 1. to 40
inclusive and to become payable as follows to-wit, that is to say, numbers 1 to 4 inclusive to
become due on or before 10 years after date thereof, and numbers 3 to 8 inclusive to become
due 11 years after the date thereof, and numbers 9 to 12 inclusive to become due on or before
12 years after the date thereof, numbers 13 to 16 inclusive to become due on or before 13 years
after the date thereof, numbers 17 to 20 inclusive to become due on or before 14 years after
the date thereof, numbers 21 to 24 inclusive to become due on or before 15 years after the date

thereof, numbers 25 to 28 inclusive thereof to become due on 	or before 16 years after the date

thereof, numbers 29 to 32 inclusive to become due on or before 17 years after the date thereof,

33 to 36 inclusive to become due on or before 18 years after the date thereof, and numbers 37

to 40 inclusive shall become due on or before 19 years after the date thereof,

And each of the said Bonds shall bear upon the face thereof the solemn promise and 
agreement of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to pay to the holder thereof the sum of one thousand