operate the same. Section 3. That it shall have the right to lay down mains and distributing
pipes and supply pipes in all or any of the streets, alleys or public grounds of the said City
as it may deem necessary or expedient, under the supervision of the proper authorities of the
City of Las Vegas. Section 4. The Municipal authorities shall have the power to regulate
and change rates from time to time as may seem just and proper, the same not to exceed the 

maximum rate of Two dollars for each one thousand cubic feet of gas, and a minimum rate of one
Dollar per each calendar month, provided, however, that no rate shall be changed during a period
of less than one year after being fixed (except as hereinafter provided for) and that notice of
intention to change rates shall be given to the local agent of the Consolidated Power & Telephone
 Company thirty days prior to the date set for the consideration of such changes, at which
time the said Consolidated Power & Telephone Company may appear and have a hearing. The grantee
herein may apply at any time upon thirty days previous notice to the Board of City Commissioners

of Las Vegas for a change in rates, and said Board may upon such hearing change the rates.

	The Municipal authorities shall further have the power to make all necessary rules and

 regulations for the laying and maintaining of all gas pipes or apparatuses, and to require that,
proper and efficient service is given to all consumers from whom gas and changes are collected.
The Municipal authorities shall have the power to change the rules and regulations from
 time to time as in their judgement may seem just and proper and all rules formulated by the
	Consolidated Power & Telephone Company shall be approved by the municipality before being put

	into effect.			

	The said Consolidated Power & Telephone Company shall have the right to charge, receive

 and collect, subject to the changes and regulations of prices herein provided for, the sum of
Two Dollars for each one thousand cubic feet of gas furnished or supplied by it, and a minimum
rate of one Dollar per each calender month. Section 5. That said gas works shall be completed
 and lighted within one year from the date of the passage of this ordinance, and a failure
to comply with this provision shall operate as a forfeiture of this franchise. Section 6. The
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas may from time to time, as said Board of 
Commissioners may elect, appoint some competent person or persons to make an examination as to the
manner of measurement of gas and as to the correction of meters in which gas is measured, and
to report the result of the same to the said Board. Section 7. That the said, Consolidated Power
& Telephone Company, its successors or assigns, shall commence the construction of said gas
works within three months from and after the approval and passage of this ordinance. Section 8.

That in case of failure or non-compliance upon the part of said Consolidated Power & Telephone
Company, its successors or assigns, to fulfill and carry out any and all of the stipulations 
mentioned in this ordinance and franchise, then the same shall be null and void and of no effect
and shall work as a forfeiture of all rights and privilege granted or intended to be granted
hereby. Section 9. That in case the said Consolidated Power & Telephone Company, its 

successors or assigns, discontinue, refuse or neglect to manufacture and supply gas to the said
City or its inhabitants at any time for and during the term of six months then this ordinance
and franchise shall be null an void, and the City Commissioners may order the removal of pipes
and lamp-posts, so laid or put up by Consolidated Power & Telephone Company or its successors
or assigns in any of the public streets alleys or public grounds of said City of Las Vegas, and
may declare the same a public nuisance. Section 10. Within sixty days after the passage of
this ordinance the said Consolidated Power & Telephone Company, its successors or assigns shall
	 file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a plat of tide mains proposed to

be laid, showing proposed location and position thereof. section 11, No charge shall be made
for tapping any main in excess of Five dollars for each tap. Section 12. That at the expiration
 of twenty five years after the passage of this ordinance, and at the expiration of each

succeeding five years thereafter, the said City shall have the right to purchase said works and