ORDINANCE NO. 132

	An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to borrow Twelve Thousand Dollars ($12,000.00),
to provide funds for the purpose of defraying that portion of the expenses
determined by said Board of Commissioners to be stood and borne by the City
of Las Vegas for the grading for and construction of oil bound gravel
pavements and hydraulic cement concrete curbs upon interior squares or spaces
formed by the intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys and where
lands belonging to said City, or public ground not taxable, abut on such
improvements, in connection with those certain improvements authorized and
determined to be made under the provisions of Ordinance No. 131 of the City
of Lac Vegas; to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor,
said bonds to be known as "Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Street
Improvement Bonds, Series A," and providing for the payment of the principal and
interest of said bonds, and other matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Sec. 1. That for the purpose of defraying that portion of the expenses
determined by said Board of Commissioners to be stood and borne by the City
of Las Vegas for the grading for and construction of oil bound gravel pavements
and hydraulic concrete curbs upon the interior squares or spaces formed by
the intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys and where lands belonging
to said City, or public ground not taxable, abut on such improvements, in
connection with those certain improvements authorized and determined to be made
under the provisions of Ordinance No. 151 of the City of Las Vegas, approved
July 5, 1928 and entitled "An Ordinance Declaring the determination of the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements
in the City of Las Vegas by grading for and constructing oil bound gravel
pavements and hydraulic cement concrete curbs on certain streets and portions
of streets in said City; describing definitely the location of said improvements;
providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special
assessment upon all the lots included in the special assessment district, hereby
established, according to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City
of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required to be paid from the general
fund of said City of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of special assessment
bonds and also general bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof and
other matters relating thereto," and in accordance with the provisions of said
Ordinance No. 131, and in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas and amendments thereto, and in accordance with the provisions
of Chapter 110 of the Session Laws of the State of Nevada for the year 1927,
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and
empowered to issue in the name of said City twelve bonds of the denomination of
One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00) each, numbered from 1 to 12 consecutively, dated
July 1, 1928 and to mature and become payable as follows:

Bond No. 1 shall become due and payable one year from the date thereof.

Bond No. 2	shall	become	due	and	payable	two years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	5	shall	become	due	and	payable	three years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	4	shall	become	due	and	payable	four years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	5	shall	become	due	and	payable	five years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	6	shall	become	due	and	payable	six years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	7	shall	become	due	and	payable	seven years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	8	shall	become	due	and	payable	eight years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	9	shall	become	due	and	payable	nine years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	10	shall	become	due	and	payable	ten years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	11	shall	become	due	and	payable	eleven years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	12	shall	become	due	and	payable	twelve years from the date thereof.

The payment	and redemption of said bonds	will be in the order of their

issuance, the lowest bond to be first paid and redeemed, and so on until the
whole amount of said bonds shall have been paid and redeemed.

Each of said bonds shall have coupons attached representing each interest
installment to date of maturity of the principal. Both principal and interest of
said bonds shall be payable in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at
present standard, at the office of the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, in
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada. Interest on said bonds
shall cease as the same mature. Said bonds shall bear annual interest at a rate
not to exceed six per cent, per annum from the date thereof, payable semi-annually
on the first day of July and January of each year. Said bonds shall be sold to
the person or persons offering the best and most advantageous terms therefor, but
shall not be sold for less than par value and accrued interest.

Section 2. The Board of City Commissioners shall cause said bonds to be
prepared and they shall be signed by the Mayor or Mayor Pro. Tem. and the City
Clerk, and Countersigned by the City Treasurer and authenticated by the seal of
the City of Las Vegas. Coupons representing the several installments of
interest to fall due thereon shall be attached to each bond so that they may
be removed without injury to the same, numbered consecutively, and bear the
signature or facsimile signature of the Mayor and countersignature of the City
Treasurer. The proceeds thereof shall be placed in a special fund and shall
be used exclusively for the purposes above specified in such manner and to such
extent as the Board of Commissioners of said City may be ordinance, order or
resolution from time to time direct.