 ORDINANCE NO. 137.



 An Ordinance Creating The Office Of City Electrical Inspector, And Prescribing

  His Duties, Creating and Establishing The Bureau Of Electrical Inspection
And Defining The Duties And Powers Of Said Bureau, Providing for The Issuance Of
Permits For Installing Electrical Construction And Fixing The Fees Therefor; 
Regulating The installation Of Electrical Construction, Maintenance And Repairs Of
Electrical Wiring, Apparatus, Or Equipment For Light Heat Power, Within, Upon Or
Attached, To Buildings, Structures, Lots Or Premises Within The City Of Las Vegas
And Providing A Penalty For The Violations Of This Ordinance.

The Board Of City Commissioners Of the City Of Las Vegas do ordain as Follows;
Section 1. (a) That all electrical construction in the City of Las Vegas
shall be in conformity with approved methods of construction for the safety to
life, and property. It is hereby ordained that the National Electrical Code, as
approved by the American Standards Association and the use of materials and fittings
in conformity with the standards of the National Board of Fire Underwriters'
Laboratories shall be accepted as the prima facie evidence of approved methods.

(b) The term "Electrical Construction" as used in this ordinance shall be
held to include and govern work, and materials used in installing, maintaining
and/or extending a system of electrical wiring for lights, heat or power, and all
appurtenances thereto and all apparatus or equipment used in connection therewith,
within, upon, or attached to any building, structure, lot, or premises, except
central stations, power houses and sub-stations belonging to electric light or
power companies operating as a Public Utility under a franchise or Certificate of
Public Convenience granted by the Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada,
 and any and all equipment, transmission lines, and service supply lines
necessary to maintain, operate, and conduct their business.

Section 11. (a) There is hereby created, and established the office of
City Electrical Inspector. The person chosen to fill the office of City Electrical
Inspector shall be appointed by the Board Of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas.

The duties and powers of the said City Electrical Inspector shall be
such as are in this ordinance prescribed

(b)	There is hereby created, and established a Bureau Of Electrical
Inspection, and said bureau to consist of three (3) members as follows: The Mayor

of the City of Las Vegas, The Chief of the Fire Department of the City of Las
Vegas, and the City Electrical Inspector of the City of Las Vegas.

The duties of said bureau shall be such as prescribed in this 
Ordinance and to establish from time to time such reasonable rules and regulations
as may be required for the more specific governing and control of the installation
of electrical construction as embodied in this or or, as may be embodied in other
ordinances of the City of Las Vegas. The Electrical Inspector shall be the Secretary
 of said Bureau.

(c)	The Electrical Inspector shall issue permits make inspections
and shall keep complete records of all permits and inspections and shall perform
such other official duties as may be required under the provisions of this Ordinance.
 'The Electrical Inspector shall, pay all monies collected from fees for

permits etc. to the City Treasurer monthly rendering a detailed statement and 
report thereof.

Section 111. The Electrical Inspector shall have the right during reasonable
 hours to enter any building or premises in the discharge of his official
duties, or for the purpose of making any inspection or test of the installation of
electrical construction, or electrical apparatus contained therein. It shall be unlawful 
for any person firm, or corporation to hinder or interfere with the Electrical
 Inspector in the discharge of his duties under this ordinance. It shall
be unlawful for any person firm, or corporation, either as an owner, architect, or contractor,
artisan or other wise, to do, or cause or permit to be done, any electrical construction
 me any installing of electrical apparatus or fixtures in such manner
that the same shall not conform to all the provisions of this Ordinance.

PERMITS.

SECTION IV. (a) A permit shall be required to do any electrical 
construction of any character, install any electrical wiring, apparatus or equipment
 or make any extensions or changes to existing wiring systems for light, heat,
or power, within, upon, or attached to any building, structure, lot or premises 
except the repairing or replacing of switches or sockets in any existing system
of wiring or the repairing or replacing of switches or sockets or installing
extensions of less than ten feet to any existing wiring system in a dwelling. A
permit must be secured within twenty-four (24) hours after commencing the installation
of electrical construction and the failure to do so shall be deemed prima
facie evidence of violation of the provisions of this ordinance.

(b) Fees, according to the following schedule, shall be charged, and paid
to the Bureau of Electrical Inspection, before any permit shall be issued, Namely;

(l) Where the number of outlets (at which current is to be used and/
or controlled)	is	five	or	less,	$1.00

between 6	and	10 	inclusive	1.50

"	11	"	20	"	2.00

"	21	"	30	"		2.50

"	51	"	50	"	3.00

for each outlet in excess of fifty (50) at the rate of five (0.05) cents each.

In addition to the foregoing:

(2)	Where lighting fixtures are installed and the number of the
lighting fixtures is

Five or less 	$1.00

Between	6 and	10 Inclusive	1 50

"	11	"	20	"	2.00

"		21	"	30	"	2.50

"	31	"	50	"	3.00

for each lighting fixture in excess of fifty (50) at the rate of five ($0.05) cents
each.

(30) For each inspection made necessary by reason of defective	

workmanship or materials	$1.00

(4)	For the inspection of an electrical construction, equipment, 
 or installation for which fee is herein prescribed there shall be

charged a fee per hour or fraction thereof of	$1.00

(5)	For each motor not exceeding five (5) horse power $1.00	