	ORDINANCE NO. 104.

 An Ordinance Creating a Board of Park Trustees, providing for the appointment of members
thereof, defining their powers and duties and other matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS: 

	

Section 1. That a Board of Park Trustees be and the same is hereby created, to consist of
six members, to be divided into three classes: those in the first class to hold their office for one
year; those of the second class for two years, and those of the third class for three years. The
membership of such Board of Trustees shall be appointed by the Board of City Commissioners at the first
regular or special meeting held by said Board of City Commissioners after this Ordinance takes effect,
and two trustees shall be appointed in each class. Three of said trustees shall be appointed from those
persons selected and designated by the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, State of Nevada;
and thereafter whenever a vacancy for any reason shall occur in the office of Trustee the appointment
to such office of Trustee, so becoming vacant, shall be made by the Board of City Commissioners either 
from its own selection, or upon the selection and designation by said Board of County Commissioners,

 

as the case may be, so that at all times there shall be upon said Board of Park Trustees an equal number
of Trustees selected by the Board of City Commissioners as those selected and designated by said Board
of County Commissioners. To be eligible to such office the person appointed as Trustee must be a bona
fide resident of the County of Clark and a citizen of the United States (male or female) over the age
of twenty-one years. Any such trustee may be removed from office as other appointive officers of the
City of Las Vegas; and any such Trustee who has been selected and designated by said Board of County
Commissioners shall be removed from office upon the written request for such removal made by said
Board of County Commissioners of said Board of City Commissioners. In case of the death, removal from
office, or resignation of any Trustee, the Board of City Commissioners shall as soon as possible 
thereafter appoint a successor to fill the unexpired term of the office becoming vacant; such selection to
be made in the manner hereinabove provided. The term of office of the members of the Board first 
appointed shall begin to run from the date of such appointment, and they shall hold office for the 
respective terms for which they are appointed and until their successors are appointed and qualify. Upon
the expiration of the term of office of any Trustee it shall be the duty of the Board of City 
Commissioners at the next regular or special meeting held thereafter to appoint a new Trustee to fill such
office; the selection therefor to be made as hereinabove provided. All trustees appointed shall
qualify by taking an official oath of office, which shall be filed with the City Clerk. The members
of the Board of Park Trustees shall be entitled to no compensation for their services.

Section 2. The Board of Park Trustees shall elect one of their numbers as Chairman, one
as Secretary, and one as Treasurer thereof. Said Board of Trustees shall adopt such by-laws, not 
inconsistent with the laws of the State of Nevada, the Charter of the City of Las Vegas of any of the
Ordinances thereof as may be deemed necessary for its organization, the regulation of its affairs,
the management of property in its care and the performance of all duties within the object and
purposes of its creation.

Section 3. The Board of Park Trustees shall have the power, subject to the control and
supervision of the Board of City Commissioners to survey, plat, map, fence, ornament and otherwise
improve that certain tract of land, commonly known as the "Fair Grounds," heretofore donated by
Las Vegas Land & Water Company to said City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark as tenants in common.

Said Board of Park Trustees shall also, subject to such control and supervision, have the power to
operate, regulate, and protect said property, and to do all other things in relation thereto which
does not conflict with the restrictions made by said Las Vegas Land & Water Company in the grant and
donation of said property, which natural persons might do with relation thereto.

It is expressly provided, however, that no indebtedness shall be incurred for, nor any work
done toward the making of, any permanent improvements upon said property unless the same shall have
first been authorized by the said Board of City Commissioners and sanctioned by said Board of County
Commissioners.