shall be made with pig lead and oakum and throughly caulked.

Eight: All vents pipes and their fittings must be either cast iron, or wrought iron or standard
  weight or extra heavy. All vents and extensions above the highest fixture, if cast iron, may
  be standard pipe.

Ninth: All vertical stacks or soil and waste pipes shall be provided with a brass trap screw

ferrule at the foot and also in other places where the inspecting officer may think necessary.

The screw ferrule shall be the same diameter as the waste stack or lateral run. All changes
	

of direction of soil or water pipes shall be made with full Y branches and one eight bend; sanitary
T's shall not be used except in perpendicular stacks. All clean outs shall be extended to outside
of walls of some convenient point satisfactory to the Plumbing Inspector.

Tenth: All connection between lead piping shall be joined by wiped joints, connections between
soil pipes and lead or wrought iron pipe and lead, shall be made with brass ferrules or brass
solder nipples, their joints shall be wiped. Bolted or copper bit, cup or flush solder joints
arc prohibited in all cases.

Eleventh: Waste pipes in all cases shall be of lead, or cast iron, of the following sizes: for
		

  bath tubs, laundry trays,  urinals, wash basins, each not less than one and one half inches, a



  sink two inches and to have clean out plug slop hoppers not less than two inches. A water closet

placed in an isolated building shall be vented by a pipe the top of which is not less than

fifteen feet above the ground.



Twelfth: All traps and vents shall be the same size as the wastes, provided that if more than
one fixture shall be vented, the size of such pipe snail be as follows: for mere than one and
not exceeding two fixtures, one and one-half inches; for more than two and not exceeding eighty
two inches; for more than eight and not exceeding twelve, two and one half inches, for more
than twelve and not exceeding twenty three inches.

Thirteen: Crown vent pipes from water closets, slop hoppers or slop sink shall not be less

than two inches, and where more than one water closet, slop hopper, or slop sink is vented
through the same pipe the size shall be as follows: For more than one and not to exceed four

closets, slop hoppers or slop sinks, two inches; for more than four and not to exceed eight,
two and one half inches; for more than eight and not to exceed fourteen, three inches; for more
than fourteen and not to exceed twenty four, four inches. Any vent pipe running in a horizontal
direction shall not exceed fifteen feet in length, and shall have a fall of not less than one-quarter
 inch per foot.

Fourteen: All vents shall rise perpendicular to six inches above fixtures to prevent backwater
entering vents. In no case shall any fixture waste be erected in the bend of the trap.

Fifteen: No private vault, cesspool, exhaust from engine or blow off from boiler shall be
connected with a house drain or sewer.

Sixteenth. Every water closet, sink, bath tub, basin or other fixture maintained within any
house or building that are of bad or defective quality, and are removed and replaced with other
fixtures of their representative class, shall have their traps vented in accordance with this
ordinance.

Seventeenth: All plumbing or house drainage work done replace any that may be condemned by
the Board of health or the Board of City Commissioners or by the Plumbing inspector shall be
considered as new work and constricted in conformity with the requirements of this ordinance;
and no person or persons shall connect or cause to be connected any plumbing or house drainage
work with any public sewer unless the said plumbing and house drainage work conforms to the
requirements of this ordinance.

Eighteen. No building other structure shall be used or occupied as a factory, laundry,
tenement or lodging house or place on which or where human beings reside or work, unless such
building is provided with one or more water closets, for every twenty-five occupants, workers

employes or residents or fraction thereof, in such building or structure. There shall be separate
water closets provided for two (2) sexes. Where vent pipes branch into one another, and where