

T.S. Trebell, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Publisher of the Las Vegas Review,
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
and that the Ordinance No. 92 of which the attached is a true and correct cony, was published in
said paper One consecutive issues, on the following dates, to wit:	June 30, 1922.

T.S. Trebell.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this First day of July, A.D.1922.

Leo A. McNamee,

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

(Notarial seal)

My Commission expires Aug. 20, 19215.

ORDINANCE NO. 93	 	 

An Ordinance Prohibiting the Manufacture, Storage or Keeping, Sale or Other Disposal of
Intoxicating Liquors in the City of Las Vegas; Regulating Other Matters Pertaining Thereto; Providing
 A Penalty For the Violation Of This Ordinance, And Repealing All Ordinances and Parts of
Ordinances In Conflict Therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain, As Follows:

Section 1. For the purpose of this Ordinance, the phrase "Intoxicating Liquors" shall
mean, all liquors containing more than one-half (½) of one per cent. (1%) of Alcohol by volume
which are used, or may be used for beverage purposes.

(b) The word "Person" shall mean and include persons, firms, associations, corporations
clubs and co-partnerships, whether acting by themselves or a servant, agent or employe.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation to
manufacture, keep or store, sell or otherwise dispose of, except as hereinafter provided any
intoxicating liquors in the City of Las Vegas, provided, that nothing in this Ordinance shall
prohibit the manufacture, sale, keeping or storing of said liquors where the manufacture sale
keeping or storing of the same is permitted by the Laws of the State of Nevada or of the United
States of America.

Section 3. If any person, firm, association or corporation having a license to do
business in the City of Las Vegas shall be found guilty of the violation of any of the provisions
of this Ordinance, or of the Prohibition Laws of the State of Nevada, or of the United States by
any Court of competent jurisdiction, upon presentation to the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas of a certified copy of such record of judgment of conviction, the said Board of
City Commissioners shall revoke such license and no license issued to such person, or for his
belief it, directly or indirectly for a period of one (1) year.

Section 4. If the licensee shall be a corporation, partnership or association, the 
conviction of any officer, agent, member or employee of such corporation, partnership or association of
the violation of this Ordinance, or of the Prohibition Laws of the State of Nevada or of the
Prohibition Laws of the United States, while acting, for or in behalf of said corporation, partnership
 or association, shall be deemed to be a conviction of such corporation, partnership or association,
and the license of such corporation, partnership of association shall be revoked as hereinbefore pro-
vided and shall not be renewed for the period of time hereinbefore provided for.

Section 5. The possession of intoxicating liquors by any person not legally permitted to
have the same under tide Prohibit ion Laws of the State of Nevada or of the United States of America
shall be prima facie evidence that such liquor is kept for the purpose of being sold or otherwise dis-
posed of in violation of the provisions of this Ordinance.

Section 6. If any section, sub-division, sentence, clause or phrase of this Ordinance is
for any reason held to be invalid or inconsistent, such provision shall not affect the validity of the
remaining provisions of this Ordinance.

Section 7. It shall be unlawful for any person to have upon his person or in any vehicle
any intoxicating liquors on any public street or alley, or in any public place in the City of Las Vegas.