notify in writing any person whether owner, occupant or agent of any such owner or occupant and the
agents, servants and officers of any corporations which may be the owners or occupants of such
property forthwith to abate such nuisance within forty eight hours after being served with such
notice and in event of a failure so to do, such property so served with such notice becomes and
is guilty of a violation of this ordinance and shall be fined in any sum not exceeding Three
hundred dollars or imprisonment for any term not exceeding one hundred and fifty days or by both
such fine and imprisonment. Each day that any such nuisance is permitted, suffered or maintained
after notice to abate the same as provided in this ordinance shall and does constitute an
additional offence, provided that the Chief of Police may provide to abate such nuisance at any

time after the expiration of the period of notice above provided for and the costs of such
abatement shall be a charge gainst the person owning or occupying the premises where such nuis-
ance is maintained, to be recovered by action brought therefore in any Court of competent
jurisdiction. It necessary appearing and it being duly moved and seconded unanimously by all
of the Board present this ordinance was passed as an emergency ordinance. The foregoing was read
in full to the Board. After due consideration upon the part of the Board, it was upon motion of
Commissioner McGovern and seconded by Stewart, and duly carried ordered that the forgoing ordinance
be adopted as read , and the clerk is hereby instructed to have the same published as by law
provided, the vote being cast as follows; Von Tobel, Mayor pro tem, aye, Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye,
McGovern, aye,

Attest: Harley A. Harmon	Ed. Von Tobel. Mayor pro tem.

Affidavite of Publication.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 7, of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true
copy, was published in said paper for one issue, on the following dates towit:-
(SEAL)	Signed Chas, C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th, day of July. A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 8,

An ordinance to prohibit Gross Intoxication in public places in the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada.

The Board of commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Gross intoxication upon the public streets, or in hotels, saloons, stores or other public

Places in said City of Las Vegas is hereby prohibited and any person found upon any public street

in said City or in any public place therein in a state of gross intoxication shall be guilty of



a violation of this ordinance, and upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by a fine not exceeding

one hundred ($100.00) dollars, or by imprisonment not exceeding six months or by both such fine

and imprisonment: and in case of default in the payment of any fine imposed for a violation of this

ordinance it is hereby provided that the person upon whom such fine shall be imposed shall be

imprisoned for one day for each two	($2.00) Dollars of such fine provided further that any person



imprisoned for a violation of the provisions of this ordinance may be compled to work upon any
public work in said City and whenever advisable a chain gang may be formed and worked. It necess-
ary appearing and it being duly moved and duly carried unanimously carried by all present that

this ordinance be an emergency ordinance. The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the
Board. After due consideration by the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Stewart, seconded