

ORDINANCE NO. 161.

An Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical installation, fixture
and connection work and providing for the examination of persons engaged in the same,
creating a Board of Examination, regulating the sale of electrical fixtures and appliances,
 providing for the licensing of electrical workers, providing additional regulations
 for electrical installation, fixing a penalty for the violation thereof, and
repealing Ordinance No. 156 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance regulating
the business of doing electrical fixture and connection work providing for the examination
 of persons engaged in the same, and creating an examination board, and providing
a penalty for the violation thereof," and repealing Ordinance No. 128 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance providing for the licensing of electrical workers
in the City of Las Vegas, and fixing a penalty for the violation thereof," and repealing
all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with the provisions of this Ordinance.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:	

Section 1. On and after the passage, adoption, completed publications of this
Ordinance, it shall be unlawful for any master electrician to do or attempt to do, or
cause to be done, except as hereinafter provided, any electrical installation, fixture
or connection work, whether original work or alternation, within the City of Las Vegas,
without first undergoing before a Board of examination as to his competency as an
electrician or electrical worker and procuring from such Board certificate thereof.

Said Board of Examination shall consist of three members, one of whom shall be the
       Chief of the Fire Department, one shall be the Electrical Inspector, and the remaining
member shall be a licensed master electrician, said latter member to be appointed by
the other two members of the Board of Examination, but the person so appointed may
at any time be removed by the Resolution or Order of the Board of City Commissioners of
said City. Such Board shall organize, adopt rules, and regulations for its guidance,
and elect one of its members to be President and another its Secretary. An affirmative
vote of the majority of such Board at a regular or special meeting thereof shall be
sufficient to authorize the issuance of such certificate to any applicant therefor upon
such examination, and such certificate to be signed by the President and Secretary
of such Board. In the event of the failure of said Chief of the Fire Department and
Electrical Inspector to at any time appoint such remaining member of said Board such
appointment may be made by the said Board of City Commissioners, and the person so
appointed may be removed by said Board of City Commissioners, as above provided. The
records of said Board of Examination shall at all times be open to the inspection of
the Mayor and any Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, such Board of Examination
shall make such reports to said Board of City Commissioners from time to time as required
by said Board of City Commissioners. In the event the Chief of the Fire Department
fails or refuses to act on said Board his office shall be filled by the Board of City
Commissioners on said Board of Examination.

Section 3. Said Board of Examination shall have power and it shall be its duty
to cancel and annul the certificate provided for in Section 1, of this Ordinance, of any
person holding the same, should it ascertain that such person or persons have done,
or habitually do any work or cause or permit or allow to be done any work not in strict
accordance with approved electrical methods as defined by any Ordinance of the City of
Las Vegas, or which said Board may regard as dangerous to life or property, and it shall
be unlawful for any person, whose certificate has been so cancelled or annulled, to
again engage in such work until he has been reinstated by the Board of Examination and
a new certificate issued to him.

Section 3. Before filing with said Board of Examination his application for an
examination, as provided in Section 1, the applicant for an examination shall pay a fee
of Ten Dollars, and such examination shall be held by the Board of Examination not more
than thirty days after the filing of the application, of which the applicant shall receive
 at least three days notice. Such fee shall be paid to the City Clerk.

Section 4. The word "person" as used herein shall include also any firm or persons
or corporation. A "master electrician" within the meaning of this Ordinance is a person
firm or corporation actively engaged in the business of electrical installing, altering
and/or repairing electrical wiring of electrical lighting or heating apparatus for
others, directly or by means of agents or employees. A "journeyman electrician" within
the remaning of this Ordinance is a person employed by a master electrician to supervise
under the control and direction of a master electrician the installing, altering and/or
repairing of electrical lighting or heating apparatus or to do installing, altering and/or
repairing of electrical wiring or electrical lighting or heating apparatus.

It shall be unlawful for any journeyman electrician to do electrical work in the
City of Las Vegas without first procuring a certificate therefor as herein provided. Every
application for a certificate as journeyman electrician within the City of Las Vegas
shall be made to the Electrical Inspector, and shall be issued by the Electrical Inspector
only when the applicant therefor shall by written examination have established to the
satisfaction of the Board of Examination aforesaid that such applicant possesses the
qualifications necessary to do the work of journeyman electrician within the said City
and properly install electrical wiring and electrical lighting and heating apparatus in
accordance with the provisions of the then existing ordinances if the City of Las Vegas
relating to such work, or properly supervise the installation of electrical wiring and
electrical lighting and heating apparatus. The fee for the examination for journeymen
electricians shall be Five Dollars ($5.00) and shall be paid to the Electrical Inspector
upon application for certificate.

Every person, of the age of twenty-one or over engaged in the work as master
electrician or journeyman electrician in the City of Las Vegas, at the time of the taking
effect of this Ordinance, shall apply for and receive a certificate of competency from
said Board of Examination before continuing such work, but shall not be required to
submit to examination in order to receive the same, the provisions for taking out such
license and for annual renewal of license of master electrician shall apply to the
master electricians mentioned in this paragraph. In the case of the revocation of a
certificate of competency as herein provided, such person shall submit to and pass an
examination for competency before such Board of Examination before being reinstated and
having a new certificate issued to him. The revocation of certificate of competency of
a journeymen electrician may be had in the same manner and with the same effect as hereinabove
 provided for the revocation of certificate of competency of master electrician.