Attest:-	Approved:

(SEAL) Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.	Peter Buol. Mayor.

Affidavits of Publication

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that
the Ordinance No. 25, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached is a true and correct
copy, was published in said paper one issue on the following dates, to-wit: February 10th, 1912.

Chas C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th, day of April A.D. 1912.

(SEAL OF THE CITY)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 26.

Franchise granting to Philip K. Buck, his successors and assigns, to install, maintain and
operate a system of water works in Bucks sub-division of Las Vegas, and to make extensions thereto
from time to time, and prescribing the terms and conditions under which this franchise is granted.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. A franchise, right and privilege hereby given and granted by the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to Philip K. Buck, and to
his successors and assigns, to construct, install at operate, maintain and manage for municipal
agricultural, household and other purposes a system of water pipe lines and water mains, and 
connections and laterals thereto, and all necessary and proper appliances in connection therewith,

or appurtenant thereto, in, through, over, across, under or along each and all of the avenues,
streets and alleys of Bucks Sub-division of Las Vegas according to the official and recorded plat
of survey thereof, for the purpose of supplying the said sub-division and its inhabitants with
water for all necessary and useful purposes; with the right to said grantee to extend said water
system into any and all additions or sub-division of the Town of Las Vegas or the City of Las Vegas
which now exists or which may hereafter be laid out and created within the boundaries of the City
of Las Vegas; and the franchise and privilege hereby granted shall also extend into and over Clarks
Las Vegas Townsite, Section 2. That for the purposes of maintaining said system of water

works, and of extending the same from time, as necessity may require, the said grantee is and his
successors and assigns are hereby given and granted a right of way over and through the streets and
alleys in said sub-division and in all of the territory within the limits of the City of Las Vegas
covered by this franchise, with the right to make the necessary excavations in said streets and alleys
in order to lay its water pipes therein, and to make all necessary repairs to said system of water
works, or any part thereof. Section 3. In consideration of the grant of the franchise right
and privilege hereby given, the said grantee, its successors and assigns, agree to;	(A) in all

cases, after making any excavations in the streets or alleys, to restore such streets or alley to
its former condition. (B) Hold said City of Las Vegas harmless from any and all liability

for damages to persons or property caused by excavations made in the streets and alleys within the
territory to which this franchise extends. Section 4. (A) The municipal authorities shall

have the power to regulate and change from time to time as may seem just and proper the water rates
charged to consumers, Provided, that the rate shall be changed during a period of less than one year
after being fixed, and that notice of intention to change rates shall be given to the grantee or his

legal representative thirty days prior to the date set for the consideration of such changes, at
which time the grantee or his representative may appear and have a hearing. (A) The municipal

authorities shall further have the power to make all necessary rules and regulations for the