newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

May 10, May 13

That the said newspaper was regularly issued and
circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed	A. E. Cahlan

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th
day of May, 1927.

C. L. Ronnow_______________________

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada

My Commission Expires
Oct. 13, 1930

(SEAL)

ORDINANCE NO. 123

An Ordinance creating a City Planning Commission, prescribing their powers and



 duties, and other matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. Pursuant to and in compliance with the previsions and authority of
Chapter 131 of the laws of 1921 of the State of Nevada, being an act of the Senate and
Assembly of the State of Nevada, entitled "An Act providing for the creation of city
(or town) planning commissions for incorporated cities and towns; prescribing their  
powers and duties, and other matters relating thereto," approved March 21, 1921, a
city planning commission for said City of Las Vegas, to be known as and designated "Las
Vegas Planning Commission," is hereby created and established.

SECTION 2. Such city planning commission shall consist of the mayor, the city 
attorney, the city engineer, ex-officio, and seven other members to be appointed by the
mayor, not more than two of whom shall he nonresidents of the City of Las Vegas. At the
first meeting of such planning commission, the seven appointed members shall choose their
term of office by lot, as follows: One for one year; two for two years; two for three

years; and two for four years. Their successors shall hold office for four years. Any
vacancies shall be filled by the mayor for the unexpired term.

SECTION 3. Members of said city planning commission shall receive no compensation.
They shall annually elect a president and vice-president from the appointed members
and may elect a secretary who need not be a member of the commission. Such commission
may adopt by-laws and rules and regulations for its government and in connection with
its duties, not inconsistent with the provisions of said above mentioned act or of any 
ordinance creating such commission. The secretary shall keep an accurate record of all 
proceedings, and the commission shall prepare and file with the Board of City Commissioners
an annual report at the end of each calendar year. The Board of City Commissioners shall
assign to such commission an office, or headquarters, in the city hall, if possible, in
which to hold its meetings, transact its business, and keep its records. Such planning
commission shall not have power or authority to incur any expense other than such as may
he authorized by the Board of City Commissioners.

SECTION 4. It shall be the duty of said city planning commission, and they shall
have power, except as otherwise provided by law, to recommend and advise the city council
and all other public authorities concerning the laying out, widening, extending, paving,
parking, and locating of streets, sidewalks, and boulevards; the betterment of housing
and sanitary conditions, and the establishment of zones or districts within which lots or
buildings may be restricted to residential use, or from which the establishment, conduct,
or operation of certain business, manufacturing, or other enterprises shall be excluded,