ORDINANCE NO. 126



An Ordinance granting a franchise to and authorizing LAS VEGAS LAND AND WATER
COMPANY, a corporation of the State of Nevada, its successors and assigns, to install,
lay down, maintain and operate water pipe lines, water mains and distributing and supply
pipes and laterals, and all necessary and proper appliances used in connection therewith	

or appurtenant thereto, in, through, over, across, under and along all or any of the
streets, alleys or public grounds in the Original Townsite of Las Vegas, in the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of supplying the inhabitants of said
original townsite of Las Vegas with water, and other uses and purposes, and establishing
Regulations and conditions in connection therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That a franchise be and the same is hereby granted to Las Vegas Land
and Water Company, a corporation of the State of Nevada, and to its successors and assigns,
to install, lay down, construct, maintain and operate water pipe lines, water mains, distributing
 and supply pipes and laterals, and all necessary and proper appliances used in
connection therewith, or appurtenant thereto, in, through, over, across, under and along
all or any of the streets, alleys or public grounds, in the Original Townsite of Las Vegas
in the City of Las Vegas, in Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of supplying the inhabitants
of the said Original Townsite of Las Vegas with water, and for the operation of a water
system therein.

Section 2. For the purposes aforesaid the said grantee, its successors and 
assigns shall have the right to make the necessary excavations in said streets, alleys and
public grounds, provided, however, the said grantee, its successors or assigns shall:

a.	In all cases, after making any excavation in the streets, avenues or alleys,
promptly restore the surface of such street, avenue or alley to its former condition.

b.	Fully observe all of the ordinances of said City of Las Vegas, now in 
existence or which may hereafter be adopted relative to the making of excavations in
such streets, avenues or alleys.

c.	At all times hold the City of Las Vegas harmless from any and all liability
for damages to persons or property caused by such excavations made in the streets,
avenues or alleys within the territory to which this franchise extends.

Section 3. As further conditions upon which this franchise is granted it is

provided:

1.	That the municipal authorities shall further have the power to make all reasonable
 rules and regulations necessary for the laying and maintaining of all water pipe
and apparatuses, and' shall have the power to change the rules and regulations from time
to time as in their judgment may seem just and proper.

2.	The municipal authorities shall also have the right to direct the change in
location at any time of such pipe lines, water mains, laterals and appliances, and to

establish and change the grades of said streets, avenues and alleys.

3.	Said grantee and its successors and assigns shall at all times keep said pipes,
mains, laterals and appliances in proper condition and repair, so that the same shall
not damage or obstruct the use of said streets, avenues or alleys for travel or for
public uses by reason of leakages or otherwise.

4.	Said grantee, and its successors and assigns will install and maintain at
least fifteen fire plugs at such points as the Board of City Commissioners may from
time to time designate, at actual cost of labor and material, the same to be paid for
by said City upon presentation of verified claim or claims therefor to said City in the
manner required by law. No charge shall be made or claimed against said City for the
use of water from said system through said fire plugs by said City in the extinguishment