Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of One week on the 6th, day
of September 1913, inclusive , being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:
September 6th, 1913, That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named. That the charge for publishing the same was $9.30 signed C. P. Squires.

(SEA) subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th, day of September A.D. 1913.

Geo. B. Clark, Notary Public.



 @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@

	Ordinance No. 46.



	

An ordinance regulating the speed of Automobiles and other Conveyances within the corporate
limits of the City of Las Vegas.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section l. It shall be unlawful for any person or persons to ride or drive any automobile,

locomobile, steam, gasoline or electric wagon; motor cycle, bicycle, vehicle, drawn by animals,

or any conveyance that is used for pleasure or the carrying of passengers and any commodities,

upon any street, alley, road or thoroughfare within the Clark's Las Vegas Townsite limits of the

City of Las Vegas, at a rate of speed greater than fifteen miles an hour.

Section 2. Every automobile, locomobile, steam, gasoline, or electric wagon or motor cycle
when operated at night upon any of the streets, alleys, roads or thoroughfares within the corporate
limits of the City of Las Vegas, shall be provided with a light on the front of such vehicle or
vehicles, and also a red light on the back of such vehicle or vehicles, so arranged as to make the

license tag, required by the laws of the State of Nevada to be displayed on such vehicle or vehicles


plainly discern able.

Section 3. Any person owning or operating any of the vehicles mentioned in Section 1 of this
ordinance, who shall exceed the speed limit, or any person who shall fail to attach and keep lights
on such vehicle or vehicles at night as herein required, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Five Dollars ($5.00) nor
more than Fifty Dollars ($50.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not less than
two (2) days nor more than twenty five (25) days, or by both such fine and imprisonment, for each
offense committed.

Section 4. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and publication
 for a period of one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and
published in the City of Las Vegas.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board of Commissioners held on the 3rd day of September, 1913, and read for the second time
and passed at a regular meeting of said Board held upon the 1st day of October, 1913, upon the
following vote: Commissioners Griffith, Smith, Curtiss, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes,
none.

Attest Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk

Approved this 1st day of October, 1913.

By C. E. Pembroke, Deputy.

W. E. Hawkins, Mayor.

(SEAL)		