AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark )

C. Russell Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Business
Manager of Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
 at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
 No. 161 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, was continuously published in said newspaper
 for a period of one week from July 17, 1930 to July 24, 1930 inclusive, being the
issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 17, 19, and 22, 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the charge for publishing the same was $244.00.

Signed C. Russell Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th day of August, 1930.

C. D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada.

My Commission expires May 26, 1931.

ORDINANCE NO. 162.

	An Ordinance regulating the use of devices or apparatus which interferes with

 radio broadcast reception.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to operate
in the City of Las Vegas any apparatus generating or causing high frequency oscillations
which interferes with radio broadcast receiving apparatus or wireless receiving apparatus
 between the hours of 12 o'clock noon, and eleven o'clock P.M. except that a person
duly licensed to practice medicine, osteopathy, chiropractic or dentistry by the State
of Nevada, in a case of absolute emergency arising in the course of practice of his
profession and which case demands immediate treatment between the aforementioned hours,
may operate or cause to be operated under his direct supervision any machine necessary
 to give emergency treatment in such case.

Section 2. Any device or apparatus such as Violet Ray machines, machines using
Tesla Coil or principle, X-Ray machines and Diathermy machines which interferes with the

intelligibility of reception under the following conditions, shall be considered as coming
 within the terms of this ordinance:

(a)	Such devices or apparatus must be situated 100 feet or more from the radio
receiving equipment with which it interfered.

(b)	The radio receiving equipment interfered with shall be operated on a
volume comparable to a person speaking in a normal tone of voice.

(c)	It is expressly understood and provided, however, that this ordinance shall not
apply to radio stations, either broadcast, commercial or amateur, licensed by the federal
 government and/or which are engaged in interstate communication.

Section 5. The Electrical Inspector of the City of Las Vegas, or his duly authorized
 deputies, shall have the right to enter upon any premises at all reasonable hours
for the purpose of inspecting the installation and working of all apparatus coming within
thee terms of this ordinance, and it shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation
to interfere with the Electrical Inspector, or his duly authorized deputies, in making
said inspection or to refuse to permit the said Electrical Inspector or his deputies to
enter the premises for such purposed.

Section 4. When an inspection and test shall have been made by the Electrical
Inspector, or his duly authorized deputies, and it is found that equipment or apparatus
coming within the terms of this ordinance is being operated in violating of the terms
of this ordinance, the person or persons responsible for the operation of such equipment
shall be notified in writing to discontinue the use of such machine or to make additions
repairs or modifications thereof, in order that the same may be operated in a manner
which complies with the provisions of this ordinance. The mailing of a registered letter
addressed to the owner or operator of the machine at the premises where the machine is
located shall constitute a sufficient notice for the purpose of this ordinance. In the
event that the owner or operator of such machine or apparatus does not, within forty
eight (48) hours after receipt of notice to repair or discontinue the use of such machine
during the hours of the use of such machine is prohibited by this ordinance, or repair the
same so that it complies with the provisions of this ordinance, such owner shall be deemed
to be operating such machine or apparatus in violation of the provisions of this Ordinance
and such person shall be subject to the penalties hereafter provided for such violation.

Section 5. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction hereof shall be punishable by a fine
of not more than Three Hundred Dollars ($300.00) or by imprisonment in the City Jail for
a period of not more than One Hundred Fifty (150) days, or by both such fine and 
imprisonment.

Section 6. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after
its passage and publication for one week (3 issues) in Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly 
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 4 day of September 1930, upon the following vote:
Commissioners Smith, German, Hansell, and Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye.

Noes none. First reading August 7, 1930, Second reading September 4, 1930.