to be driven upon any street or alley in the City of Las Vegas by any person under the age
of sixteen years, and it shall also be unlawful for any person under the age of'sixteen years
to drive any such automobile or motor vehicle on any street or alley of the city.

Section XXXII. ZONE OF QUIET:

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas may, by Resolution, declare 
and designate any street or alley within two hundred (200) feet of a hospital, church,
court house, or sick chamber, a "zone of quiet," and upon and in this zone, when so declared
 and designated, there shall be no ringing of bells, sounding of gongs or whistles, or
unnecessary noises, or itinerant music.

Section XXXIII. INTOXICATED PERSONS:

It shall be unlawful for any person while in an intoxicated condition, or under the
influence of intoxicating liquor to ride or drive any animal or vehicle or to have charge
or control of any animal or vehicle in any public street.

Section XXXIV. SPORTS IN STREETS:

No person shall engage in any sport, amusement, or occupation likely to frighten
horses or embarrass the passage of vehicles upon any street.

Section XXXV. STOPPING IN CASE OF ACCIDENT:

In case of accident or injury to person or property upon any street or alley due to
the operation thereon of any vehicle the person operating, driving or otherwise in control
of the same shall stop, and upon request of the person injured or whose property has 
suffered injury or any other person present, shall give such person his name and address, and
if such person operating, driving, or otherwise in control of such vehicle is not the owner
thereof, also the name and address of the owner of such vehicle.

Section XXXVI. SPEED IN CITY LIMITS.

It shall be unlawful for any person to ride, drive or propel any vehicle at a rate of
speed greater than twenty miles per hour, in, upon or along the public highways, streets,
roads, alleys, lanes, avenues, boulevards, strips, paths or squares within the limits of
the City of Las Vegas, except on streets adjoining school grounds, occupied by a school
building or buildings, where such speed shall be not to exceed twelve miles per hour; 
provided, however, that it shall be unlawful for any person to ride, drive or propel any 
vehicle at a rate of speed greater than fifteen miles per hour on turning a corner from one
street to another in any district, or on going over, upon or across street crossings or
street intersections on any of the streets in the City of Las Vegas, anything to the contrary 
hereinabove contained in this Section notwithstanding.

Section XXXVII. PASSING ANIMALS, ETC.

Every person having control or charge of any motor vehicle upon any public street and
approaching any vehicle drawn by a horse or horses, or any horse upon which any person is
riding, shall operate, manage, and control such motor vehicle in such manner as to exercise
every reasonable precaution to prevent the frightening of any such horse or horses, and to
insure the safety and protection of any person riding or driving the same. And if such horse
or horses appear frightened, the person in control of such motor vehicle shall reduce its
speed, and if requested by a signal or otherwise by the driver or rider of such horse or
horses, shall not proceed further toward such animal or animals unless such movement be 
necessary to avoid accident or injury, or until such animal or animals appear to be under the
control of the driver or rider.

Section XXXVIII. BELLS, HORNS AND GONGS:

It shall be unlawful for any person to ride, drive, or propel any bicycle, tricycle,
veolcipede, motorcycle, automobile, or other riding machine or horseless vehicle within the
limits of the City of Las Vegas without having attached to such bicycle or other riding ma-
chine or horseless vehicle a bell, gong or horn, in good working order, and sufficient to
give warning of such vehicle to pedestrians and to riders or drivers of other vehicles.

Such bell, gong or horn shall be of such size only as may be necessary to give such warnings
Every person operating a motor vehicle shall sound said bell, horn, gong, whistle or other
device, whenever necessary, as a warning of danger, but not at other times or for any other
purposes.

	Section XXXIX. LOUD NOISES AND SIRENS:

It shall be unlawful for any person operating vehicles described in Section XXXVIII
of this ordinance to use thereon, while travelling through the streets, any instrument for
the purpose of giving warning, which shall produce a sound of unusually loud or distressing
character or such that will end to frighten pedestrians or animals, it being the intention
of his section to prohibit the use of so-called "sirens" or similar instruments for the purpose
 of producing unusually loud, annoying or distressing sounds. Upon the failure of any
person to remove any siren or similar horn from his vehicle, upon being ordered to do so,
the police may cause the same to be removed and may prohibit said vehicle being driven on
any of the streets of the City of Las Vegas until the said siren or horn has been removed.

	Section XL. LIGHTS ON MOVING MOTOR VEHICLES:

All motor vehicles in use on public streets in the City of Las Vegas, excepting motorcycles,
 motor bicycles and such motor vehicles, as may be properly equipped with one light,
in forward center of such motor vehicle, shall during the period of one hour after sunset to
one hour before sunrise and whenever the atmospheric conditions so require, display two or
more white or tinted lights other than red, on the forward part of said vehicle, so placed
as to be seen from the front, and of sufficient illuminating power a s to be visible at a
distance of Five Hundred (500) feet in the direction in which displayed, and to reveal any
person, vehicle or substantial object clearly seventy-five (75) feet ahead of the lamps, and
so be quipped that said headlights do not cause a blinding light or a beam of light over forty-
two (42) inches from the level surface on which the vehicle stands under all conditions of
load, provided, however, that if any auxiliary lights are carried in addition to regular
headlights, and the rear lamp, such additional light or lights shall be subject to all restrictions
 of this section regarding the direction of the beam, and it shall be unlawful for
any person to direct the rays of any spotlight or other light towards the eyes of the driver
 or occupants of any approaching vehicle, or to the left of the center of the traveled
way when meeting another vehicle, and it shall also be unlawful for any person to operate a