In Fairview Tract.

Lot 5, and lots 13 to 16 inclusive in Block 1; lots 13 to 16 inclusive,

Block 2.

In Ladd Addition.

Lot A; lots 1 to 6 inclusive, Block 1; the northerly 200 feet of Block 2.

except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, certain portions thereof	

are required to he paid from the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas shall hereafter,
 by ordinance, be empowered and authorized and directed to prepare a special
assessment roll which shall include the lots and premises and owners, as provided
for in the City Charter of the City of Las Vegas. After said special assessment
roll as herein provided for, shall have been prepared and submitted, it shall be
reported to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and thereafter, it 
shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk and numbered, and notice thereof
shall be given to all persons interested, of the time when said Board of City Commissioners
 and Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessment, at 
which time the said Board of City Commissioners shall hear any and all suggestions
and objections that may be filed against said assessment, and shall at that, or some
adjourned meeting, correct the same of confirm it as reported or corrected, or
they may refer it back to the Ex-Officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it
and direct a new assessment, and proceed as in the City Charter directed, until
the same shall be confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners; when said assessment
roll has been confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners, the City Clerk shall make
an endorsement upon the said assessment roll showing the date of confirmation as
provided in the Charter and shall thereupon deliver said roll, as confirmed by the
Board of City Commissioners with his certificate of such confirmation and of the date
thereof, to the County Assessor, acting ex-officio City Assessor, and said ex-officio
City Assessor shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record the said assessment
roll as in the Charter provided, and append thereto his certificate of the date of
such recording. Whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice
of the contents of the same and when said roll is so endorsed and recorded, it
shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all
proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of said assessments
and assessment roll, by the Board of City Commissioners; after the said special assessment
 roll, by the Board of City Commissioners; after the said special assessment roll
has been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts levied thereon, shall be due
and payable and shall constitute and be a lien upon the respective lots and parcels
of land and improvements assessed, and shall be charged against the pe sons and
properties until paid.

Section 4. That as soon as the said special assessment roll, as provided
for in Section 3 of this Ordinance, shall have been confirmed and recorded, the
several amounts contained therein and levied on and against the properties therein,
shall be due and a payable at once, and shall be paid to the County Treasurer and ex-
officio Tax Receiver of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, ex-officio Treasurer
and Tax Receiver of the City of Las Vegas, and be by that officer paid into and
credited to the Special Fund to be known as and called "Las Vegas 1931 Eighth to
Twelfth Street Fund," and all costs and expenses incurred in making said improvements, 
as in this Ordinance contained, shall be charged to and paid out of said fund.
Provided, however, that in the event it becomes necessary to draw on the general fund
of the City of Las Vegas to defray any of the costs and expenses of making any of
said improvements, except as otherwise provided for by the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas, that the said General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds from
said "Las Vegas 1931 Eighth to Twelfth Street Fund," as soon as the condition of the
same will permit. And provided further, that where there there shall be lands be-
longing to the City or public grounds not taxable, abutting on such improvements,
or such improvements shall be made upon interior squares or spaces, formed by the
intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys, such part of the expense of
such improvements as, in the opinion of the Board or Assessor making such special
assessment, would be justly apportionable to such public ground, and City property, and
to any interior squares or spaces formed by the intersection of streets where the
abutting property is taxable, shall be paid from the General Fund, or be stood and
borne by the City of Las Vegas, and the balance of such expense shall be assessed upon
the taxable lots included in such special assessment district in proportion to the
estimated benefits resulting thereto from the improvement.

Section This Ordinance shall br in effect from and after its passage
and adoption and publication for a period of one week (six issues) in the Las Vegas Age,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 6. City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 171
published in six successive issues of the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 4th day of August, A.D., 1931 by the following
vote: of the Board of City Commissioners: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and His Honor

the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none. First reading July 6, 1931. Final
reading 4th day of August, 1931.

Approved this 4th day of August, 1931.

E. W. Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)