Ordinance No. 5.

An ordinance to prohibit stock running at large.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Sec.1 It shall be unlawful to allow or permit any meat cattle, horses, mules, donkeys ,
burrows, sheep, goats, geese, ducks, turkeys or hens or chickens, to run at large within the limits
of the City of Las Vegas,

Sec. 2, Any stock or fowls found running at large in said City shall be taken unto the custody
of the Chief of Police and when so taken up shall be kept, fed and cared for at the expence of the
owner, and such owner shall before taking the same away, pay the said officer the reasonable
charges for keeping, caring for and feeding such impounded animals and stock or poultry, and the
further sum of one dollar per head for taking the same in charge.

Sec. 3, The Chief of Police having in charge after they have been impounded any stock or

poultry which has been found running at large in said City, shall within twenty-four hours after



taking up and impounding the same, post in three pubic  and conspicuous places, notices describing such animals or
poultry, giving marks and brands, if any there be, and stating that such stock or poultry so described
is in his custody and charge, and if not taken out by the owner or owners or agent for such owner
or other person having charge there of by paying the charges thereon, will be sold at public auction
at the front door of the City Jail in said City to the highest bidder and such notices shall be posted
at least ten days prior to such sale. And out of the proceeds of such sale, the said officer shall
deduct the cost of impounding and keeping said stock and poultry together with all accuring costs
and charges, and pay the remainder if any into the treasurer of the said City of Las Vegas. The necessity
appearing it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that this ordinance be passed as an
emergency ordinance.

The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board. After due consideration by the Board
it was, upon motion of Commissioner McGovern, seconded by Commissioner Coughlin and duly carried
ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read, and the Clerk instructed to have the
same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows:- Ed. Von Tobel, Mayor pro tem
aye, Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern, aye,

Attest Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.	Signed Ed. Von. Tobel, Mayor pro tem.

Affidavite of Publication
Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
State, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that
the ordinance No. 5, of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached is a true and correct copy
was published in said paper for one issue on the following dates to-wit:- July 15th, 1911.

Chas. C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th, day of July A.D. 1911. Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.
(SEAL)