paid, computing one days imprisonment as equivalent to the payment of $2.00 of such fine, The necessity
appearing before the Beard upon motion duly made and carried unanimously this ordinance was passed
as an emergency ordinance.	The foregoing was read in full to the Board After due 

consideration by the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Coughlin, seconded by Commissioner McGovern
and duly carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read and the Clerk instructed
to have the same published as by law provided, The vote being cast as follows: von Tobel. Mayor
pro tem, aye, Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern, aye, Signed Ed Von Tobel, Mayor pro tem, ay
Attest Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Affidavite of Publication.

Chas C. CorKhill being first duly sworn, deposes as says: that he is A citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Nevada Clark County, and the
that the Ordinance No. 3, of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached is a true and correct
copy, was published on the following dates to-wit:- July 15th, 1911. Chas C. CorKhill.

(SEAL)  Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th, day of July A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 4,

An Ordinance Providing for the licences of telephones, telegraph, and Electric light Companies
" The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain.

Each and every Telephone Company, telegraph company and electric light Company doing business



in the City of Las Vegas, shall as a condition precedent to the doing of any such business pay to the 
treasurer of said City the sum of ten dollars on the first day of January, April, July, and October
as a license fee for the doing of such business for the quarter year next immediately following
suc payment; provided that no license shall be issued for a period of time less than a quarter year
expiring on the last day of March, June, September, and December,	And any person , firm or

corporation violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be subject to am penalty of
not more than three hundred dollars to be recovered in an appropriate action before the Judge of the
Municipal Court of the City of Las vegas. The necessity appearing it was voted unanimously by all
members that this ordinance be passed as an emergency ordinance. The foregoing was read in full
to the Board, After due consideration by the Beard it was upon motion of Commissioner Stewart
seconded by Commissioner Coughlin, and duly carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted
as read and the Clerk instructed to have the same published as by law provided. The vote being
cast as follows:	Von Tobel, Mayor pro tem, aye; Coughlin, aye; Stewart, aye; McGovern, aye;

Attest . Harley A Harmon. Clerk.	Ed Von Tobel Mayor pro tem,

Affidavite of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; That he is a citizen of the United

States, over the age, of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a

weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada



and that the ordinance No. 4, of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached is a true and correct copy
was published in said p per for one issue, on the following dates, to-wit:- July 15th. 1911.

Chas C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th, day of July A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

July 5th, 1911