AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark)

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of
Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
No. 164, was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of three issues
from Sept. 9 to Sept. 9 to Sept. 13, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: Sept. 9, 11, and 15th 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the charge for publishing the same was $33.35.

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of Sept. 1930.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1931.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 165.

AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT GAMING AND OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A LICENSE THEREFOR, REGULATING THE SAME, FIXING THE
AMOUNT OF SUCH LICENSES, PROVIDING A PENALTY THEREFOR, REPEALING ORDINANCES NOS. 77,

82, 88, 103, and 115, and ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES INCONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section l. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation
either, as owner, lessee, or employee, whether for hire or not, to deal, operate,
carry on, conduct, maintain, or expose for play, within the City of Las Vegas, any
game of faro, monte, roulette, keno, fan-tan, twenty-one, stud poker, draw poker,
or any banking or percentage game played with cards, dice, or any mechanical device
or machines, for money, property, checks, credit, or any representation of value;
or any gambling game in which any person, firm, association or corporation keeping,
conducting, managing, or permitting the same to be carried on, receives, directly or
indirectly, any compensation or reward, or any percentage or share of the money or property
 played, for keeping, running, carrying on, or permitting the said game to be
carried on; or to play, maintain, or keep any slot machine played for money, for
checks or tokens redeemable in money or property, without having first procured a
license for the same as hereinafter provided; and provided further, that no alien,
or any person except a citizen of the United States, shall be issued a license, or
shall directly or indirectly own, operate or control any game or device so licensed.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation
to knowingly permit any of the slot machines, games or devices mentioned in section
one of this Ordinance to be conducted, operated, dealt or carried on in any house or
building owned by him, her or it, in whole or in part, except by a person, firm,
association or corporation who has received a license as herein provided, or by his
employee.

Section 3. For the purposes of this Ordinance, the term game or games shall be	

construed to mean and include all games and devices herein mentioned and any slot
machine or slot machines played for money or for checks or tokens redeemable in money
or property.

Section 4. Nothing in this Ordinance shall be construed to prohibit social games
played solely for drinks or cigars served individually, or games played in private
homes or residences fir prizes or nickel-in-the-slot machines operated solely for
cigars or drinks.

Section 5. All applications for licenses or renewels thereof, shall be made by
petition to the Board of City Commissioners by the filing, of same with the City Clerk,
which City Clerk shall immediately refer each such application to the Board of City
Commissioners at or before the next meeting thereof after receipt of such petition by
him. The same may be acted upon by said Board at any regular or recessed regular
meeting of such Board of City Commissioners. A Majority vote of the members present
shall be necessary to authorize the issuance or renewal of any license at such meeting.

Section 6. All applications for licenses as in this Ordinance provided shall
state the business and place of business of the applicant, a complete description of the

particular room	and premises in	which the licensee desires to carry on	or conduct	such

slot machine, device or together with the location of the building, its street

number, if such	there be, and any other information by which it may be 	definitely and

readily located	and recognized,	the name in full of the applicant, and 	in case of	a

corporation, copartnership or association shall state the name in full of each and all
the copartners or associates, and in the case of a corporation, the

officers and managers thereof. The person, firm, association or corporation so applying