Mayor, aye; Noes, none. First reading August 1, 1919. Second reading September 3, 1919.

HARLEY A. HARMON

	City Clerk.

Approved this 3rd day of September, 1919:

		W. E. FERRON,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

R. J. YOUNG, Jr. being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United

States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Clerk of the Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada, and that
the City Ordinance No. 76 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said
paper One (l) consecutive issues, on the following dates, to-wit: September 6, 1919.

R. J. YOUNG

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 30th day of September, A. D. 1919.

HARLEY A. HARMON

	City Clerk.





ORDINANCE No.	77.

AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT GAMING IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A 

LICENSE THEREFOR, REGULATING THE SAME, FIXING THE AMOUNT OF SUCH LICENSE, PROVIDING 

A PENALTY THEREFORE, AND REPEALING

ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

THE BOARD 0F CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation to deal, play
carry on or cause to be operated, or to conduct either as the owner or employee, whether for hire or
not within the City of Las Vegas, except under a license first obtained from the City of Las Vegas
as he re inafter provided,	any game of poker, stud-poker,	five hundred, solo,	or	whist, played	for 	money

property, checks, credit	or any representative of value, or any other gambling game or games which	may

be now or thereafter recognized as legal by the laws of the State of Nevada.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation to knowingly
permit to be dealt, played, carried on, operated or conducted in any house, building or part thereof
owned or rented by such person, firm, association or corporation within the City Of Las Vegas any of the
games mentioned in Section 1 of this Ordinance without having first obtained from the City of Las Vegas
a license to carry on or conduct the said game or games as hereinafter provided.

Section 3. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation to deal, play,
carry on, or cause to be operated, or to conduct any of the games mentioned in Section 1 of this

Ordinance where a percentage is taken out, and the deal does not alternate.

Section 4. All applications for licenses or renewals thereof, shall be made by petition to the
Board of City Commissioners, at a regular meeting thereof, and shall be immediately referred by said
Board to the Police and Fire Commissioner for his approval and in no case shall a license be issued or
renewed when his disapproval is endorsed upon the petition, except by a majority vote of the Board of
City Commissioners. The Police and Fire Commissioner shall return all petitions, with his approval
or objection endorsed thereon, to the Board of City Commissioners at or before the next regular meeting
thereof after receipt of such petition by him. After the return by said Police and Fire Commissioner
 of any petition to said Board the same may be acted upon by said Board at any regular, adjourned
 or special meeting of such Board of City Commissioners.

Section 5. The Board of City Commissioners, in the exercise of their discretion, may refuse to
grant the license provided for in this Ordinance to any person, firm, association or corporation, 
notwithstanding the recommendation of the Police and Fire Commissioner; and may also revoke any license
granted hereunder, if in their judgment or discretion it should appear to them that the licensee is