shall constitute and be a sinking fund for the payment of said bonds and the interest
thereon, and said fund shall not be used for any other purpose, and as said installments
with the interest thereon are paid, as hereinbefore directed, said bonds and the coupons
thereon, shall be called in and paid, and cancelled by the City Treasurer, in their
numerical order annually, to the amount and extent of such annual payments of the 
assessments, and the said interest on said bonds shall cease.

Section 6. The issuance of the bonds herein provided for shall be conclusive
evidence of the regularity of all proceedings up to the issuance of such bonds, and in
the event that the fund created by such special assessments shall be insufficient to

pay the said bonds as they become due, the deficiency, if any, shall be paid by the City
Treasurer, of the City of Las Vegas, out of the General Fund of said City and each of the

bonds issued under this ordinance shall contain a provision to that effect and said bonds

shall be exempt from City taxation.

Section 7. This ordinance shall take effect immediately after its adoption,
approval and publication in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas for one week.

Section 8. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for one

week.

PASSED AND ADOPTED this 8th day of March A. D., 1929, by the following vote of the
City Commissioners.

AYES: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German and Neagle and His Honor the Mayor, J. F.

Hesse.

NOES: None.

ABSENT: None.

APPROVED this 8th day of March, 1929.

J. F. Hesse

       -MAYOR OF THE CITY OF

LAS VEGAS

ATTEST:

Wm L. Scott

CITY CLERK AND CLERK OF THE
BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS.

(SEAL)

Pub. March 12, 14, 16, 1929.

STATE OF NEVADA) 	AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

COUNTY OF CLARK)

C. Russell Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is manager

of the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and the attached
Ordinance No. 134 of the City of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper
 for a period of One week from Mar, 12, to Mar. 19 1929 inclusive, being the
issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:	Mar. 12,14 and 16, 1929

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the charge for publishing the same was $186.30

Signed___________Russell Squires________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th day of March, 1929.

Wm. L. Scott,

County Clerk in and for
Clark County, Nevada.

(SEAL)