for a license shall state definitely the particular type of slot machine, or the particular
game or device which the licensee desires to carry on or conduct in said room and
premises; and as so stated the same shall be specifically described in and entered upon

said license.

Section 7. The Board of City Commissioners, in the exercise of their discretion,
may refuse to grant or renew the license provided for in this Ordinance, to any person,
firm, association or corporation, and may also revoke any license granted hereunder, if
in their judgment or discretion it should appear to them that the licensee is not a
proper person, firm, association, or corporation to carry on or conduct the slot
mahince, device and/or game for which the license is granted, or that such slot machine,
device and/or game is not being properly or fairly conducted. Upon such revocation the
City of Las Vegas shall be entitled to retain the license fee theretofore paid for

such license.

Section 8. All licenses herein provided for shall be issued by the City Clerk.

Card games, that is, stud and draw poker, bridge, whist, solo and pangingue for
money shall be licenses independent of other games mentioned in this ordinance, at the
rate of Two and one-half Dollars ($2.50) per month, payable one quarter year in advance.

A license fee of Five Dollars ($5.00) per month, payable for one quarter year in advance,
shall be paid for each game or device license issued except slot machines, and for each
money slot machine One Dollars ($1.00) per month, payable for one quarter year in advance,
for each handle on said money slot machine. Paid license shall entitle the holder or
holders, or his or their employee or employees, to carry on, conduct, and operate the
specific slot machine game or device for which said license is issued in the particular
room and premises described therein, but not for any other slot machine, game or device
in any other place than the room and premises so described, for a period of one quarter
of a year next succeeding the date of issuance of said license; provided that no license
shall be granted for any portion of any quarter for a less amount then the full quarterly
license; and the end of said quarters shall be the last days of March, June, September
and December of each year; provided further, that the licensee shall be entitled to
carry on, conduct and operate two or more slot machines, games or devices mentioned in
section one of this ordinance, in the same room, by paying the license fee herein
provided for, for each slot machine, game or device and otherwise complying with the
terms of this section. Each license shall specify upon the face thereof the name of the
licensee, and a particular description of the particular room and premises in which
the licensee intends to carry on, conduct or operate any one slot machine, game or device
mentioned in section one of this Ordinance, and shall specify the particular type	

of slot machine, or the particular game, or the particular device, by name; any license
issued under the provisions of this Ordinance shall not be transferable by the licensee
to any other person, firm, association or. corporation, and shall be valid only for the
particular room and premises described therein, and the specified slot machine, game, 
or device for which it is issued. No license money paid under this Ordinance shall be
refunded, whether the slot machine, game or device for which any license was issued has
voluntarily ceased or has been revoked under the provisions of this Ordinance herein
provided, or for any other reason. The license fees herein provided shall be in addition
 to those collected by the Sheriff of Clark County.

Section 9. Any licensee -holding a valid existing license from the City of Las
Vegas and from the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a current quarter may, during
 such current quarter, secure a license for additional slot machines, games or devices,
 as the case may be, over and above the particular number of slot machines,
games or devices for which he, they or it holds a license, for the remainder of the
quarter by paying to the City Clerk the license fee above provided, for the additional
particular slot machine, game or device, as the case may be, and for which the City
Clerk shall issue an additional license for the remainder of such quarter, and the
additional license shall be upon the same terms and conditions as though issued under
the provisions of Section 8 of this Ordinance.

Section 10. All licenses issued for gambling games, devices and slot machines
of every character and description shall be posted in a conspicuous place where such
gambling games, devices and slot machines are installed, in order that they may be
inspected by authorized state, county, city and town officials, who shall report in
writing, to the Sheriff of the County and to the Chief of Police of the City wherein
such gambling games, devices and slot machines are located any and all gambling games
devices and slot machines found to be operating without a license. A failure to comply
with the provisions of this section shall constitute a ground for the revocation of
such license or licenses so posted.

Section 11. The required license fee shall accompany each application for issuance
or renewal of a license and be paid to the City Clerk, and such fees when same become
the property of the City shall be placed in such fund and used for such purposes as the
Board of City Commissioners shall from time to time direct.

Section 12. It shall be. the duty of the owner, proprietor, manager or other person
 having charge or control of any location or place of business for or concerning
which a license or licenses is or are issued under this ordinance, (except as to slot
machines) and any employee thereof, at all times of the day and night to keep and
maintain on, or upon at least one side of each and every glass door or window fronting
or abutting upon any street or alley, a shade or shads, curtain or curtains screens
or screens, or other obstruction, which shall fully prevent and obstruct at all times
the free view from the outside of such glass door or window into that portion of such
location or place of business where such gambling game and/or gambling device 
(exclusive of slot machines) is or are located or being carried on. Provided however that
no such game or games, gambling device or gambling devices, so licensed, shall be dealt,
played, operated, carried on, or exposed for play behind locked or closed doors.