AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Publisher of the

Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 102 of the City of
Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week from December 8,

1923 to December 15, 1923 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit: December 8, 1923. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of

the dates above named. That the charge for publishing the same was $---------

Signed Chas. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of February 1924.

Henry M. Lillis.______

(SEAL)	Notary Public in and for

	Clark County, Nevada.



	ORDINANCE NO. 103 .

An Ordinance to amend Section six (6) of Ordinance No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
"An Ordinance to Prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor,
regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, and repealing
all Ordinances in conflict therewith," and to amend said Ordinance No. 77 by adding a new section
thereto to be known as Section 6b, and to repeal all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict
with said amendments.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section 6 of the above-entitled Ordinance No. 77 is hereby amended so as to read as
follows:

Section 6. All licenses herein provided for shall be issued by the City Clerk. The amount of
  all licenses for the carrying on, or conducting of any of the games mentioned in Section 1 of this
Ordinance, whether the same be a new license or the renewal of one theretofore existing, shall be
One Hundred and fifty Dollars ($150.00) per quarter so long as the licensee deals, plays, carries on,
conducts or operates, or permits to be dealt, played, carried on, operated or conducted said games,
for either one or two games, and One Hundred Dollars (S100.00) per quarter for each game in excess of
two games, dealt, played, carried on, operated, conducted, or permitted to be dealt, played, carried
on, operated or conducted by such licensee; provided that no license shall be granted for any portion
of any quarter for a less amount than the full quarterly license, to-wit: $150.00 for the games up

to and including two games, and $100.00 for each additional game; and the end of said quarters shall
be the last days of March, June, September and December of each year, and that said license shall
not be transferable. Each license shall specify upon the face thereof the name of the kind of game
or games and the number of each thereof so licensed, and each license shall authorize the party
obtaining it to carry on or conduct the number and kinds of game or games specified therein, or to do
the acts herein permitted with reference thereto, only at the location or place of business designated
 in the order granting such license. The licensee shall at all times keep posted in a conspicuous

 place in the room where such licensed game or games are being dealt, played, carried on, operated,
 conducted, or permitted to be dealt, played, carried on, operated or conducted, the current
license therefor, and in the event of the failure so to do the license or licenses therefor may be
revoked by said Board of City Commissioners. Any licensee holding a valid existing license for any

current quarter may during such current quarter secure a license for additional games, over	and	above

the two games or more for which he holds a license, for the remainder of such quarter by paying to
the City Clerk the sum of One Hundred Dollars (S100.00) for each such additional game, and for
which the City Clerk shall issue an additional license for the remainder of such quarter, and the
additional license shall be upon the same conditions as though issued under the provisions of section
4 of this Ordinance.