bonds numbered 23 to 28 inclusive to become due and payable on or before 16 years from the date



thereof; bonds numbered 29 to 32 inclusive to become due and payable on or before 17 years
from the date thereof; bonds numbered 33 to 36 inclusive to become due and payable on or before
18 years after the date thereof; bonds numbered 37 to 40 inclusive to become due and payable on
or before 19 years from the date thereof; Each of said bonds shall have coupons attached 
representing each interest installment to date of maturity of the principal. Both principal and
interest of said bonds shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of America at the
office of the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, or at the option of the holder of
said bonds or interest coupons thereto attached at the Importers & Traders National Bank, City

of New York, state of New York. Be It further ordained that said bonds and coupons with the
necessary variations as to numbers and maturities shall be in substantially the following forms
respectively, to-wit;

United States of America
State of Nevada
County of Clark
Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds.

No.		$1000.00

Know all men by these present that the City of Las Vegas a municipal corporation duly 
organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, acknowledges its self to be indebted and
	

for value received hereby promises to pay to bearer on or before the first day of January, 1932
the principal sum of one thousand dollars together with interest thereon from the date hereof
until paid, at the rate of six per centum (6%) per annum, payable semi-annually on the first day
of July and of January of each year, which interest to the date of the maturity of the principal
is evidenced by and payable upon presentation and surrender of the annexed interest coupon as
they severally become due. Both principal and interest of this bond are payable in lawful money
of the United States at the office of the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, or,
at the option of the holder of this bond or the interest coupon thereto attached at the Importers
A Traders National Band, City of New York, State of New York. And for the prompt payment of
the principal and interest of bond as the respectively become due, the full faith, credit and
resources of the said City are hereby irrevocably pledged. This bond is one of a series of like
date, tenor and amount but different maturities, issued for the purpose of constructing a sewerage
system for said City, and pursuant to an election duly called and held at which more than a
majority of the qualified electors voted in favor of the issuance of said bonds, and proceedings
of the Board of City Commissioners duly, passed and adopted, and is authorized by and issued
full conformity with the requirements of the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, 
including Chapter 132 of the session laws of said State for the year 1911, and all acts of the
Legislature amendatory thereof and supplemental thereto. And it is further certified and
Recited that all acts, conditions and things required by the Constitution and Laws of the State
of Nevada to exist, happened and performed precedent to and in the issuance of this Bond, have
existed, happened and have been performed in regular and due form, time and manner as required
by law, and that the amount of this bond, together with all other indebtedness of said City, does
not exceed any constitutional or statutory limitation. In Testimony whereof said Board of
City Commissioners of said City have caused this bond to be signed by the Mayor of said City and
the City Clerk, and its corporate seal to be hereto affixed, and the interest coupons hereto
annexed to be authenticated with the lithographed facsimile signature of said Mayor and City
Clerk, and this bond to dated the first day of January, A.D. 1912. Peter Buol Mayor.

(SEAL) Countersigned: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk

(Form of Coupon)

No________ $30.00

On the first day of July) )January) A.D. 19_____ the City of Las Vegas, in the County of

Clark and State of Nevada, will pay to bearer thirty dollars, lawful money of the United States