ORDINANCE NO. 133

          An Ordinance Empowering, Authorizing and Directing the Ex-Officio City Assessor
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, To Levy A Special
Assessment To Defray the Costs of Making Certain Improvements In The City Of
Las Vegas By Grading For And Constructing Oil Bound Gravel Pavements And 
Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curbs on Certain Streets and Portions of Streets in Said
City, According To The Plats, Diagrams And Estimates Of Cost Thereof On File In
The Office Of The City Clerk Of The City of Las Vegas; Describing Definitely
The Location Of Said Improvements, Stating The Amounts of Said Assessment, And
Designating The Lots, Lands And Premises To Be Assessed According to Benefits;
Providing For the Issuance Of Special Assessment Bonds For The Payment Thereof,

And Other Matters Relating Thereto,

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the costs of making certain improvements
in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and constructing Oil Bound Gravel pavements and
hydraulic cement concrete curbs, according to the plats, diagrams and estimates of cost
heretofore prepared, and adopted by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, and on file in the office of the City Clerk of said City, according to the terms
of Ordinance No. 131, of the City of Las Vegas, approved July 5, 1928, the Ex-Officio
City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to
forthwith levy the special assessment in the amount hereinafter specified, against the
owners and upon the lots, lands and premises, hereinafter designated and described
according to benefits. Said special assessment shall be levied upon the taxable lots,
property and premises situate in the special assessment district, created by the terms
of said Ordinance No. 131, benefited by said improvements proportionately to the benefits
received; provided, however, that in no case shall the said Ex-Officio Assessor levy any
special assessment upon any such lots, lands or premises, exceeding fifty percent (50%),
of the value of such lots, lands or premises as last before valued and assessed for-state
and County taxation in the County Tax Roll; but such costs over and above and exceeding
that per cent shall be paid from the General funds of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. The Ex-Officio City Assessor shall assess the taxable lots, property and
premises situate in the special assessment district, created by the terms of said
Ordinance No. 131, benefitted by said improvements proportionately to the benefits 
received, that is to say, such Ex-Officio Assessor shall assess upon each lot, parcel of
land or premises such relative portion of the whole sum to be levied as shall be 
proportionate to the estimated benefit resulting to, such lot, parcel of land or premises
from the said improvement.

Section 3. In levying the assessments as in this Ordinance provided, the Ex-
Officio Assessor shall prepare a Special Assessment Roll therefor, and after he shall
have completed the Assessment as herein provided and completed the said Special
Assessment Roll, he shall report the same to the Board of City Commissioners as provided
for by law and upon receiving such report and Special Assessment Roll, the said Roll
shall be numbered and filed in the office of the City Clerk, and the Board of City
Commissioners shall cause notice thereof to be published for at least two weeks in some
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, of the filing of the same with the City
Clerk, and appointing a time when the Board of City Commissioners and the Ex-Officio
Assessor will meet to review the assessment, and any person objecting thereto may be
heard, or any person objecting to the assessments, may file his or her objection thereto
in writing, with the City Clerk.

Section 4. At the time appointed for the purpose of reviewing said assessments and
considering any objections thereto made at said time or filed in writing, the Board of
City Commissioners and said Ex-Officio Assessor shall meet and then, or at some adjourned
meeting, review said assessments, and will hear any objections to said assessments which
have been made or filed as aforesaid by any person deeming himself aggrieved thereby,
and will decide upon the same as to any assessment, or description of the premises,
appearing necessary therein, and will confirm it as reported or as corrected, or will
refer the assessment back to the Ex-Officio Assessor for revision or annul it and direct
a new assessment to be made; when said assessment shall be confirmed, the City Clerk shall
make an endorsement upon the Roll showing said confirmation and the same shall be final
and conclusive; the City Clerk shall then deliver the same to the county assessor,
acting ex-officio city assessor, with his certificate of confirmation, and the County
Assessor, acting ex-officio city assessor, shall thereupon record said assessment roll in
his office and append thereto his certificate of the date of recording. Said Roll when
so endorsed and recorded, shall be prima facie evidence in all Courts and Tribunals
of the regularity of the proceedings, preliminary to the making thereof, and of the
validity of said Assessment and Assessment Roll.

Section 5. Upon the confirmation and recording of the said Assessments and Assessment
Roll as by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas provided, the Assessments shall be at
once due and payable, and from the date of said confirmation and recording, shall constitute
 and be a lien upon the lot or parcel of land and premises assessed, together with
the legal interest thereon, and shall be charged against the persons and properties until
paid.

Section 6. The several Lots and premises, together with their location, the name
of the present owner, and the approximate amounts to be assessed thereon, are as follows:

A. The amount to be assessed against the owners and upon the lots and premises,
according to benefits, in said special assessment district for the grading for and construction
 of oil bound gravel pavements and hydraulic cement concrete curbs therein is
Seventy-four Thousand Six Hundred Ten and 50/100 Dollars ($74,610.50) and the several
lots and premises, with their location, the name of the present recorded owner, and the
approximate amounts to be assessed thereon, are as follows:

IN CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE.

Lot 9, Block 1, Thomas Baima, owner, assessment $32.86.

Lots 10, 11 and 12, Block 1, Mary and Andrew Moar, owners, assessment $123.98.

Lots 13, 14, 15 and 16, Block 1, Thomas Baima, owner, assessment $224.66.

Lots 17, 18 and 19, Block 1, John Irish, owner, assessment $379.21.