123

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review,
a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
and that the Ordinance No. 82, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached is a true,
and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue, on the following date: June 18th, 1921.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th day of July, A.D. 1921.

Chas. C. Corkhill

(seal)	Florence S. Doherty, County Clerk, Clark County, Nevada.

Ordinance No. 83

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 36 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance Providing
for the issuance of Plumbing and Sewer Connection Permits, for the Inspection of Plumbing and Sewer
Connections and for the regulation and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas", by
adding thereto a new section to be known as Section 1-A, and by amending Section eight and Subdivision
 eighth of Section eleven thereof.

	BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:



Section 1. A new Section is hereby added to said Ordinance No. 36, to be known as Section 1-a, as follows:

	Section la. No person or persons, firm or corporation, agent or otherwise, who has not an established

	 place of business, within the City of Las Vegas and who has not paid the annual city license,

	shall be eligible to do any plumbing whatsoever within the city limits of the said city of Las Vegas,

	Such license shall be as follows: for every plumbing business where the same is carried on

	at a fixed place of business in said City of Las Vegas, in carrying on such business, per annum,

	$25.00   2. For every kind of plumbing business other than that described in Subdivision 1 of this

      section, per annum, $50.00.

	Such licenses shall be issued by the City Clerk upon application being made therefor, and shall

 be payable in advance.

	Section 2. Section eight of the above-entitled Ordinance No. 36 is hereby amended so as to



 read as follows:

Sec. 8. Every sink water closet, slop hopper, bath tub, and each tray or set of wash trays or
other vessel or vessels connected with the drain pipe, directly or indirectly, must be separately,
independently and effectually trapped and vented. The trap must be placed as near the fixture as
possible and in no case further than two feet from the fixture. All sinks in kitchens of boarding
 houses, restaurants or hotels accomodating more than twenty persons, and also all wash bowls,
or trays in engine rooms, factories, foundries, machine shops and railroad round houses shall be
	provided with a suitable grease trap approved by the Plumbing Inspector. No wooden wash trays

             or sinks or slop hopper shall be maintained, constructed or used inside of any building or porch.

All wash trays and sinks maintained, used or constructed in any building shall be of non-absorbent
material. No union coupling of any description shall be used in or in connection with concealed
work. No rubber connections shall be used. Drum traps may be used only in bathtub connections.

Section 3. Subdivision eighth of section 11 of the above entitled Ordinance No. 36 is hereby

amended to as to read as follows:



Eighth. All vent pipes and their fittings must be either cast iron or galvanized wrought
iron of standard or extra heavy. All screw pipe, vents and fittings shall be galvanized. All
vents and extensions above the highest fixture, if cast iron, may be standard pipe.

Section 4. All Ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 5. This ordinance shall take effect from and after it's passage and publication
	 for a period of one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper printed and

1 published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.