AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

SATE OF NEVADA)

County of Clark) ss

C. P. Squires being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of
the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
 at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
 Ordinance Number 140 of the City of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper

 for a period of three issues from July 9 1929 to July 15 1929 inclusive, being
the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 9, 11, 15, 1929.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the charge for the publishing of the same was $20.10.

Signed C. P. Squires.______________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th day of July 1929.

C. D. Breezy.

Notary Public in and for the County of
Clark, Nevada.

My Commission expires May 26th, 1931.

(Seal)



	ORDINANCE NO. 141.	



	An Ordinance Regulating the Parking of Vehicles in Certain Portions of the

 City of Las Vegas, and Providing a penalty for the Violations Thereof, and Other
  Matter Relating thereto.

	

	The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as follows;

Section 1. When ever in this Ordinance the following terms are used they
shall have the meanings respectively ascribed to them in this section.

Park. To stand vehicle for a period of time greater than is reasonably
necessary for the actual loading or unloading of persons or materials.

Business District. The territory contiguous to a street when fifty per
cent (50%) or more of the frontage thereon for a distance of three hundred (300) feet
or more is occupied by buildings in use for retail or wholesale business; also any
territory contiguous to a street which is immediately adjacent to or a continuation
of a street within a business district when such territory is so designated by the
Chief of Police.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for the operator of any vehicle to park
the same upon the any street for the purpose of displaying it for sale, or to park
any vehicle upon any street in any business district from which said vehicle 
merchandise is being sold.

Section 3. No vehicle shall be left standing over night in any of the
alleys of and business district in said City of Las Vegas.

Section 4. No vehicle shall at any time be parked in any of the alleys
of said city in such a manner as to obstruct traffic therein, and no vehicle shall
at any time be parked be parked in any of the alleys of a business district in said
City of Las Vegas.

Section 5. An person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions
of this Ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof
shall be punished by a fine of not less than five dollars, nor more than one hundred
dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not less than two
and one half days nor more than fifty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 6. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from, and after
its passage and publication for one week (three issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a
tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed as an emergency ordinance by a unanimous, concent of the whole
Board at a recessed regular meeting this 5th day of July 1929 upon the following vote;
Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse
voting Aye. Noes None.	First and second reading July 5th, 1929.

Approved this 5th day of July 1929.

J. F. Hesse

		Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

	AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA.) 	

County of Clark ) ss

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: That he is publisher of
the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
No. 141 of the City of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for
a period of three issues from July 9 1929 to July 13 1929 inclusive, being the issues
of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 9, 11 and 13 1929. That said 

newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the

charge for publishing the same was $25.00.

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to me this 13th day of July 1929.