and all fees and compensation properly chargeable in the work of maxing such special assessment.
In case the amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premises shall exceed twenty per cent,
of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for
State and County taxation, such cost exceeding said twenty per cent shall be paid from the
general fund of the City.

Section 3. The assessment district for said improvement shall include the lots and premises
within the following boundaries to-wit: Commencing on the East side of said second street at the
point where said street intersects with Fremont street; running thence along the East side of said
Second street in a southerly direction to its intersection with Garcia street; thence easterly along
Garcia street to its intersection with the alley running northerly and southerly in block 24;
thence northerly along the West side of said alley through blocks 24, 23, 22, 21, 20, and 19 to the
intersection of said alley with the alley running easterly and westerly through said block 19;
thence westerly along the North line of said last mentioned alley to the East line of lot 1, in 
block 19; thence northerly along the East line of said lot 1, to Fremont street; thence westerly
along the south line of said Fremont street to the place of beginning, excepting from said
district lots l, 2, and 3, in block No. 22.

Section 4, The said work shall be done under contract to be let by this Board to the lowest
responsible bidder and upon such conditions as the Board of City Commissioners may prescribe in
the letting of such contract.

Section, 5, A special assessment is hereby required to be made pro rata upon the lots in
the above described special assessment district, according to frontage; and the City Assessor is
hereby directed immediately upon the passage of this ordinance to make such special assessment
according to frontage and he is hereby directed to assess the sum of Two Thousand seven hundred
and Sixty ($2760.00) dollars, the same being the amount hereby determined necessary to cover
the cost of such improvement. From the date of the approval of the assessment roll the special
assessment shall constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land assessed.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and publication
for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age. I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was
read for the first time at a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 7th,
day of January, 1914, and read for the second time and passed at its regular meeting held on the
4th day of February, 1914, by the following vote, to-wit: Commissioner Griffith, Curtiss, Sullivan
and his honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, None. Approved this 4th, day of February, 1914.

(SEAL)	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of publication.

State of Nevada)

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in 
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No, 53 of the City of Las
Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 7th, day of
February, 1914 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit
February 7th, 1914 that said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named that the charge for the same was $_

(SEAL)	Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th, day of March A.D. 1914.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 54.	