the City of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the
5th, day of July, 1913. inclusive, being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates to-wit
July 5th, 1913. that said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named, that the charge for publishing the same was $6.70
(SEAL)	Signed C.P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th, day of July A.D. 1913.

Geo. B. Clark.

Notary public.

	Ordinance No. 44.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Concerning the Numbering of Buildings.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. All buildings, fronting on any street within the City of Las Vegas, shall be numbered
in accordance with a system for numbering buildings adopted by the Board of City Commissioners, at
the time of the passage of this ordinance, by resolution filed in the office of the City Clerk on
said date, and the same is referred to and made a part of this ordinance.

Section 2. All owners or occupants of buildings, now erected or which may hereafter be erected
within said City, are hereby required to number their buildings in conformity with the provisions of
this ordinance and the regulations of the resolution above referred to, and any owner or occupant of
any building now erected, or hereafter to be erected, who shall fall to number said buildings
aforesaid within sixty days after the taking effect of this Ordinance, or who shall number any house
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of this ordinance and said resolution, and the rules
and regulations of said ordinance and said resolution, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof, shall be punished by a fine not exceeding ten dollars, or by imprisonment in
the City Jail not exceeding five days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 3. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas. Passed this 6th, day of August, 1913, upon second reading by the following vote:
Commissioners Curtiss, Griffith, Smith, Sullivan and Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

First reading July 2, 1913.	Approved, W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Attest:	(SEAL) Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit: of Publication.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada and that the attached Ordinance No. 44, of the City of Las
Vegas, was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 9th, day of
August 1913. inclusive, being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: August 9,
1913. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named
That the charge for publishing the same was $6.00.

Signed. C.P. Squires.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th, day of September A.D. 1913.

Geo. B. Clark, Notary Public.

