	Ordinance No. 36.		 

 An ordinance providing for the issuance of plumbing and sewer connection permits, for the inspection

 of plumbing and sewer connections and for the regulation and construction of plumbing work in
 the City of Las Vegas.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do ordain as follows;

Section 1. Any person or persons carrying on, conducting assuming control of, constructing

or causing to be constructed, either as owner or otherwise, any plumbing or house drainage

affecting the sanitary conditions of any house or building within the limits of then City of Las

Vegas, shall apply to the plumbing inspector of said City for a permit so to do, at the same

time filing with said plumbing inspector a plan or drawing and description of the work proposed

to be constructed before any part of said work shall be commenced, and no part of said work shall

be done until after the plumbing inspector has approved of the plans and drawings and description

and issued a permit for the proposed work to be done, in accordance with the rules and regulations

hereinafter set forth and provided for. In case where a building permit is necessary, the

plumbing permit will not be issued until after the building permit has been issued.



Section 2. All work done shall be subject to inspection, and notice must be given to the plumbing
inspector by the contractor or owner doing said worK or having the same done, as soon as said work
 is ready for inspection, the plumber to have a competent man on the work at the time of inspection.



A charge of one dollar will be made for every extra visit made by the inspector. A charge of fifty

cents will be made for the inspection of rough work and also for the inspection of finished work

and fifteen cents for each opening, but no work will be accepted by the inspector until the

above mentioned charges are paid into the office of the plumbing inspector. All work must be left

uncovered convenient for examination until inspected and approved by the plumbing Inspector.

Such inspection shall be made within forty-eight hours of such notification being received by the

 said plumbing inspector, and no plans shall be changed without the permission of said plumbing

inspector. The inspecting officer may apply the water pepperment or smoke test; and all necessary

tools, labor and assistance for such test shall be furnished by such person or persons assuming

control of the work, and such person or persons shall remove or repair any defective material

or work when  so ordered by the inspecting officer. Any soil pipe, drain pipe, trap, water closet,

urinal, sink, or other fixtures set up or fitting or fittings laid, used or constructed otherwise

than in accordance with these regulations, or which shall in the opinion of the Plumbing

Inspector, be or become of bad or defective quality shall, upon notice, either verbal or in writing,
	

from said plumbing inspector, be removed or repaired in the manner determined, and within the time fixed
by the inspecting officer, and it shall be unlawful for any person or persons to occupy or make use

of any house or buildings where the plumbing work has been constructed in accordance with the	





regulations of this ordinance, unless the owner, agent or lessee of said building, shall have

secured a final certificates of acceptance from the plumbing inspector duly signed by such officer.

Section 3. The plumbing inspector shall not issue a permit to any person or persons to do any

plumbing or house drainage work until said person or persons has or have registered his or her

name or names and addresses or address in a book kept for that purpose. It will not be necessary

to obtain a permit in case of repairs, which are defined as follows; leaks in drains, soil, waste

or vent pipes; but should any trap, soil pipe, waste or vent pipe be or become bad and defective



and it be necessary to remove and replace with sound material in any part or parts a permit must be
procured and inspection made as herein provided.

Section 4. Every house or building in, or for which any house drainage or plumbing arrangements
are constructed, shall be separately and independently connected with an accepted City sewer, 
when such sewer is constructed upon the street or alley upon which the property abuts or when	

such house or building is within 200 feet of such sewer, provided that in case it is impractical