ORDINANCE NO. 91

An Ordinance Providing for the cleaning of lots within the limits of Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite in the City of Las Vegas, and providing penalties for the violation thereof, and repealing
all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Every person or persons owning a lot or lots within the limits of Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, are hereby required to clean
the debris, rubbish, garbage, weeds over four inches in height, and brush, from the same on or before
 the 30th day of April of each year, commencing with the year 1922; and thereafter also to clean
such lot or lots of debris, rubbish, garbage, weeds over four inches in heights, and brash, within
ten days after notice, either verbal or in writing, given to such person or persons by the Commissioner
 of Streets and Public Property of the City of Las Vegas. Failure to comply with any of the provisions
 of this section or with the requirements of such notice shall be a misdemeanor, and every
person found guilty of violating any provision of this section or any requirement of any such notice
shall, upon conviction thereof, be fined not less than Five dollars nor more than Three Hundred Dollars,
or imprisoned in tile City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of not exceeding one day for each
Two Dollars of such fine in case such fine is not paid, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding
 three months, or by both such fine and imprisonment. Provided, that when there shall exist
debris, rubbish, garbage, weeds over four inches in height, or brush upon a lot or lots owned by a
non-resident of said City of Las Vegas contrary to the provisions of this ordinance, a written notice
shall be posted by or at the instance of such Commissioner of Streets and Public Property in a 
conspicuous place on each such lot in view of the public, notifying the owner or owners of said lot, or
lots, to clean the same within ten days from the date of the posting of such notice; and in the event
of the failure of such owner or owners to clean such lot or lots within ten days after the date of
posting such notice as aforesaid, the cleaning of said lot or lots shall be done on behalf of said City
of Las Vegas by the Commissioner of Streets and Public Property thereof and the cost thereof shall
become a debt in favor of said City of Las Vegas against the owner or owners of such lot or lots so
cleaned, and the amount thereof may be recovered from the owner or owners of such lot in a civil action
to be brought and prosecuted in any court of competent jurisdiction.

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for a period of one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 15th day of March, 1922, upon the following
vote: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor pro tern Dentner voting aye. Noes none.

First reading March 13, 1922, second reading March 15, 1922.

Approved:

Attest:

W. H. Dentner,

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.	Mayor pro tem.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

W. F. Rector, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Foreman of the Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that
the Ordinance No. 91 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper
one consecutive issues, on the following dates, to-wit: March 17, 1922.

W. F. Rector,

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of March, A.D. 1922,

Leo A. McNamee,

(Notarial seal)	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission expires Aug. 20, 1923.