dollars in gold coin of the United States of America of the present standard of weight and
fineness together with interest thereon as herebefore provided.

Such bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the said City and attested and 
countersigned by the City Clerk thereof over the seal of said City and shall have attached and appended
thereto, interest coupons which shall be the promise of said City of Las Vegas to pay the amounts
therein specified in gold coin of the present standard of weight and fineness at the semi-annual
time mentioned.

Section 4, And to the end that such bonds may legally be made, executed and issued
by the said City of Las Vegas, the said City Commissioners thereof does hereby ordain that an
elect ion be and is hereby called to be field in the said City of Las Vegas on the loth, day of
October, 1911. and at such election there shall be submitted to the qualified electors of said
City tide question, shall the City of Las Vegas issue Sewerage Bonds to the sum and extent of
$40,000.00 ?" which question so to be voted upon shall be placed upon the ballot in tide form
provided by paragraph 5 of section 31 of Chapter 132 of the Statutes of Nevada passed at the

session of 1911 and which chapter was approved by the Governor on March 16th, 1911.

Sect ion 5. And be it further ordained: that notice of holding of such election be
given to the public by advertising the holding thereof in the newspapers commonly known and
called the Las Vegas age and the Clark County Review both whereof are published in the City of
Las Vegas, for the period of four weeks and by posting notices thereof in at least three public
Places in said City for at least four weeks prior to the holding of such election, such notice
to be so drawn and drafted that their contents shall advise those who may read them of tide time
Place and purpose of holding the ejection therein specified.

Section 6, And the municipal judge is hereby directed to forthwith open books of
registration and register all electors, competent and qualified to vote at the elect ion by
this ordinance called to be held, and such books of registration are to be kept and held open
by the said municipal judge untill 6:00 o'clock P.M. of the 11th, day next proceeding the day
upon which the elect ion provided for in this ordinance is to be held.

Section 7. And E. Fenner and John W. Tuck and George Swadner are hereby chosen and
designated and appointed by the said Board of City Commissioners to act as inspectors at such
election so called as aforesaid, and they shall, and are hereby authorized to select and appoint
two competent and qualified persons to act as Clerks at such election.

Read the first time September 6th, 1911.

Read the second time September 6th, 1911.

Passed and adopted by the following vote on the question; "Shall the foregoing become
a by-law an ordinance of the City of Las Vegas?" Commissioners Coughlin aye, McGovern aye,

Stewart aye, von Tobel aye, his honor the Mayor aye, and by virtue thereof the said ordinance
- and by law is passed and carried.	Peter Buol Mayor

Alt est:- Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

And Whereas, the said Board of Commissioners by amotion duly made, seconded and carried
unanimously and duly entered

Affidavit of Publication

Chas C. Corkhill. being first duly sworn, deposes and says; that he is a citizen of 
the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 18 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached
is a true copy was published in said paper for one issue, on the following date to wit September
6th, A.D. 1911.	Chas C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th, day of September A.D. 1911

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.