by Commissioner McGovern and duly carried ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read
and the Clerk instructed to have the same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as
follows towit:- Von Tobel,	Mayor protem, aye, Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern, aye,

Attest Harley A. Harmon Clerk.	Ed Von Tobel, Mayor protein.

Affiaavite of Publication.

Chas. C. Corkhill being first duly sworn, deposes ana says: that he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years, that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, and that the ordinance No. 8, of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true
and. correct copy, was published in said paper for one issue, on the following dates towit
July 15th, 1911.	Chas C. Corkhill.

(Seal) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th, day of July A.D. 1911

Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Ordinance No. 9,

An ordinance to provide for the ringing of a curfew Bell.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain.:

It is hereby made the duty of the Chief of Police tp provide that a curfew bell shall be

rung at 9:00 O'clock P.M. between June 1st, and September 1st, of each year, and at 8:00 o'clock P.M. each and every day of the year other than those above mentioned, and

upon the ringing thereof all children under the age of sixteen years shall be and remain off from

the public streets of said City. The necessity appearing and it being duly moved and seconded and

voted unanimously by all members present this ordinance was passed as an emergency ordinance.

The foregoing ordinance was read in full before the Board. After due consideration by the

Board it was upon motion of Commissioner McGovern, seconded by Commissioner Coughlin and duly

carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read, and the Clerk instructed to

have the same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows: von Tobel, Mayor

protem, aye, Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern aye,

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.	Signed Ed. Von. Tobel. Mayor protem.

Affidavite of Publication.

Chas c. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the

United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he the publisher of the Clark County Review,
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Nevada Clark County
and that the ordinance No. 9, of the City if Las Vegas of which the attached is a true copy, was
published in said paper for one issue, on the following dates towit:- July 15th, 1911.

(SEAL)	Chas C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th, day of July A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk :