Moneys received from the rental of said property for entertainments, rodeos, concessions, fairs, or
from conveniences or supplies sold in connection with automobile camping grounds maintained therein
or thereon or in connection therewith, or from advertising privileges, or from any other source whatsoever
 shall be by the Treasurer of such Board of Park Trustees paid and delivered to the Treasurer
of the City of Las Vegas and by him placed in a special fund which is hereby created, to be know as
and called "Park Fund," and the Board of City Commissioners may from time to time have transferred
from the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to such "Park Fund" such sums as may be set apart to
be used for the purposes for which said Board of Park Trustees was created, and shall likewise have
distributed into said "Park Fund" such taxes as shall be levied by the City of Las Vegas for such
purposes, and such funds as shall be provided from time to time by the said Board of County 
Commissioners as the share of said County of Clark of the expenses necessary and authorized for said
purposes; and the funds so placed in said "Park Fund" shall be used for no other purposes.

Section 4. All indebtedness created by said Board of Park Trustees shall be paid by the	

presentation and allowance of bills therefor in the same manner as is prescribed for the presentation



allowance and payment of other indebtedness against the City of Las Vegas. The amount and character of
the indebtedness to be created by said Board of Park Trustees shall be controlled, limited and 
prescribed by the Board of City Commissioners. No claim of indebtedness against said City, incurred by
or through said Board of Park Trustees, shall be allowed, audited or paid unless the same is approved
in writing by the Board of Park trustees endorsed or placed upon the claim.

Section 5. Thar Board of Park Trustees shall have charge of said park grounds and the 
improvements thereof; and it shall be the duty of said Board to insist upon the enforcement of all
rules and regulations and of all ordinances established by the City of Las Vegas for the protection
and government of said premises.	

Section 6. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.	

The necessity appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that an emergency existed, it
was upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell ordered that this ordinance
be passed as an emergency ordinance.

The vote on said motion being as follows; Commissioners Anderson, Elwell and His Honor the
Mayor, voting aye; Nays, none.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, this 4th day of

December, A. D. 1923, upon the following vote:



 Commissioners Anderson, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Nays, none.

First reading, December 4, 1923. Second reading, December 4, 1923.

APPROVED:

ATTESTED:

W. C. GERMAN

FLORENCE S. DOHERTY	MAYOR	

CITY CLERK

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the

Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 104 of the City
of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of One Week from 
December 8, 1923 to December 15, 1923 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the 
following dates, to-wit: December 8, 1923.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the charge for publishing the same was $_________________.

Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this second day of February, 1924.



(SEAL)	Henry M. Lillis

Notary Public in and for Clark County.