

	ORDINANCE NO. 69.





      An Ordinance amending Sections 1 and 9 of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled

    "An Ordinance regulating travel and traffic upon the public streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,"
and repealing all ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That section 1 of said Ordinance No. 66 be, and the same is hereby amended so that the ninth
paragraph of said Section 1 of said Ordinance shall read as follows:

"BUSINESS DISTRICT: Shall consist of all that portion of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, known 
as "Clarks Las Vegas Townsite", bounded and described as follows, to-wit: Commencing at the southwest
corner of the intersection of Main Street with Garces Street; thence running northerly along the
westerly side of said Main Street to the northwest corner of the intersection of Main street and Stewart
street; thence running easterly along the northerly side of said Stewart Street to the northeast corner
of the intersection of Stewart Street and Fifth Street; thence running southerly along the easterly side
of said Fifth Street to the southeast corner of the intersection of Fifth Street and Garces Street;
thence running westerly along the southerly side of said Garces Street to the southwest corner of the
intersection of Garces Street and Main Street, the place of beginning; Clark Avenue, Wilson Avenue,

Second Street, Third Street and Fourth Street in the Original Townsite of Las Vegas, Nevada."

The remainder of said Section 1 of said Ordinance No. 66 shall be and remain in full force and effect.



Section 2. That Section 9 of said Ordinance No. 66 be, and the same is, hereby amended so as to
read as follows:

"Section 9. It shall be unlawful for any person under the age of sixteen years to drive any motor
vehicle in, upon or along any public street within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada."

Section 3. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict with this Ordinance are hereby
repealed.

Section 4. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and publication
for one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper printed and published in
the City of Las Vegas.

Approved:

W. E. Hawkins,

Mayor.

I, Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk in and for the City of Las Vegas, 

Nevada, do hereby certify that that the foregoing ordinance was read the first time on August 1, 1917, and second 

reading had on September 5, 1917, and passed upon the following vote, viz: Commissioners Matzdorf, aye; Ullom, 

aye, and his honor the mayor, W. E. Hawkins, aye.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and the seal of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
this 5th day of September, 1917.

Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

City Clerk.

(seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

R. J. Young, Jr., being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a 

citizen of the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Chief Clerk of the Clark County 

Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, 

and that the Ordinance No. 69 of which the attached is a true and correct copy was published in said paper
one (l) consecutive issue, on the following dates, to-wit; September 15, 1917.

R. J. Young Jr.

Subscribed and sworn to before me, 

this 8th day of April, A. D. 1918.

Harley A. Harmon,

County Clerk in and for Clark County, Nevada.