AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) SS
County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Publisher of Las
Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 157,
of the City of Las Vegas, was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
one week from May 3, 1930 to May 10, 1930 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit, May 3, 6, 8, and 10, 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the charge for the publishing of the same was $574.20.

Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th day of May, 1930.

C. D. Breeze.

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada

My Commission expires May 26, 1931.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 158.

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, to borrow Thirty-four Thousand, Eight Hundred Ninety-eight and
12/100 Dollars. ($34,898.92) to cover certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and
confirmed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, for the purpose of paying
 for the work of making improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and constructing
 Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curb and Cutter and Rough Grading for Street Improvement
 on certain streets and portions of streets in said City, to-wit: On Main Street,

Frist Street, Second Street, Third street, Fourth Street, Lewis Street, Clark Street,
Bonneville Street, and Garces street, to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas
therefor, said bonds to be know as "Las Vegas Special 1930 Curb and Gutter Bonds, Series
D," and providing for the collection of said unpaid assessments by dividing the same
into ten (10) annual installments and placing said installments on the Tax Roll of Clark
County and collecting same in the same manner as State and County taxes are collected by
law:

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DO ORDAIN, AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That for the purpose of paying for the work of grading for and construction
of grading for and constructing Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curb and Gutter and Rough
Grading for Street Improvement on certain streets and portions of streets in the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, on to-wit: Portions of Main Street, Lewis Street, Clark Street, Bonneville
 Street and Garces Street, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada:
 for which special assessments have heretofore been levied and confirmed by the Board
of City Commissioners and not paid in full by certain owners of property on said streets
heretofore named, and in compliance with and by virtue and authority of a certain Act
of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, approved March 13, 1909, entitled "An Act to
authorize municipalities to issue bonds for the purpose of paying the cost of municipal
improvements for which special assessments are levied," as amended by a certain Act of
the Legislature approved March 13, 1913, entitled "An Act to amend Sections 1 and 2 of
an Act entitled 'An Act to authorize municipalities to issue bonds for the purpose of paying
 the cost of municipal improvements for which special assessments are levied', approved
March 13, 1909, and other matters relating thereto", and in accordance with City Ordinance
No. 150, approved the 5th day of December 1929, entitled "An Ordinance declaring the 
determination of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain 
improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading for and constructing Hydraulic Cement
Concrete Curb and Gutter and Rough Grading for Street improvement on certain streets and
portions of streets in said City: describing defiantly the location of said improvements;
providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessment
upon all the lots included in the special assessment district, hereby established, according
 to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions
thereof are required to be paid from the general fund of said City of Las Vegas providing
for the issuance of special assessment bonds and also general bonds of the City of
Las Vegas for the payment thereof and other matters relating thereto," and City Ordinance
No. 152, approved the 2nd day of January 1930, entitled "An Ordinance empowering, authorizing
 and directing the Ex-officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark
State of Nevada to levy a special assessment to defray the costs of making improvements
in the City of Las Vegas, by construction of Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curbs and Gutters
and Rough Grading on certain streets and portions of streets in said City, according to
plats, diagrams and estimates of cost thereof on file in the office of the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas; describing definitely the location of said improvements, stating
 the amounts of said assessment, and designating the lots, lands and premises to be
assessed according to benefits; providing for the issuance of Special Assessment Bonds
for the payment thereof, and other matters relating thereto, "and in accordance with
the provisions of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, as amended by an Act of the Legislature
 of the State of Nevada, approved, March 26th, 1927, and in compliance with and
by virtue and authority of a certain Act of the Legislature, of the State of Nevada,
approved March 23, 1927, entitled "An Act relating to bonds issued by counties, cities,
towns, school districts, and other municipal corporations, and repealing all acts and
parts of acts in conflict therewith:"

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS is hereby authorized and
empowered to issue in the name of said City Thirty (30) bonds in the denomination of
One thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each and The (10) bonds in the denomination of Four
Hundred Eighty-nine and 89/100 Dollars, Three (3) of said bonds of the denomination of
One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each and one (1) bond of the denomination of Four Hundred
Eighty-nine and 89/l00 Dollars ($489.89) each payable at annual periods of from one to
ten years from January 1, 1930, each bearing interest at the rate of not to exceed seven
per cent, per annum: said interest to be payable annually on the first day of January of
each year: which said bonds shall be sold to the bidder making the best bid, but shall
not be sold for less than par value and accrued interest.

Section 2. The Board of Commissioners of said City shall cause said bonds to be
prepared and they shall be signed by the Mayor or Mayor Pro Tem and the City Clerk, and
countersigned by the City Treasurer and authenticated by the seal of the City of Las
Vegas. Coupons representing the several installments of interest to fall due thereon
shall be attached to each bond so that they may be removed, without injury to the same,