Mary Taylor

Deputy City Clerk.

(City Seal)

Approved this 6th day of July, 1931.

	E. W. Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE 0F NEVADA	) SS

County of Clark	)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foremen of
the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation,
printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week,
every day from July 8, 1931 to July 14, 1931 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
 for the following dates, to-wit: July 8-9-10-11-13-14, 1931.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day of August, 1931.

A. E. Cahlan.

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires 1/12/35.

ORDINANCE NO. 171.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading
 for and surfacing with road mixed oil gravelled surface and constructing hydraulic
cement concrete curb and gutter (Combined) on certain streets and portions of streets
in said City; describing definitely the location of said improvements; providing that
the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessment upon all the
lots included in the special assessment district, hereby established, according to
benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions there
of are required to be paid from the general fund of said City of Las Vegas, and other
matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has determined 
mined to make the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, said improvements to
be made in accordance with plats, diagrams and estimates of cost on file in the office
of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:



To grade for and surface with road mixed oiled gravel surface and to construct
hydraulic cement concrete curb and gutter (combined) upon the following streets and
portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas as follows: A ten foot strip of surfacing

 to be placed on each of the thirty foot Federal Aid Strip thereon.

Fremont Street from the westerly side of Eighth Street to the westerly side
of Twelfth Street.

Section 2. That the cost and expense of making such improvements, as described
 in Section 1 of this Ordinance, shall be paid by special assessment to be made
according to benefits upon the taxable lots and premises situate in the special assessment
 district, hereby created, composed of the following lands, to-wit:

In Buck's Subdivision.

Lots 1 to 4 inclusive, and 13 to 16 inclusive, Block 14; lots 5 to 8 inclusive,
 and 9 to 12 inclusive, in Block 15 and 20; lots 1 to 4 inclusive, and 7, 8 and
the North 100 feet of Lot 6 in Block 21; lots 2 to 5 inclusive, and Lot H in Block
22; lots F. and G.

In Pioneer Heights Addition.

Lots 23 and 24 in Block 3; lots 1 to 7 inclusive, 17 to 24 inclusive in

Block 2.