 right to carry on the kind of liquor establishment specified ill his permit for a period of
not exceeding sixty (60) days.

Section 17. No permit granted nor license issued under this ordinance can be assigned except to a
bona fide purchaser of the business to which it relates or in connection with which it was granted
or issued, and after the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said City upon an application
therefor filed, containing in addition to the requirements herein before specified for obtaining an
original license, a statement setting forth such transfer, or proposed transfer, of the business.
Such application must be verified by both assignor and assignee.

Section 18. A separate liquor license must be obtained for each branch establishment or separate
place of business in which the business is carried on for which or in connection with which the
license is issued, and each license shall authorize the party obtaining it to carry on the business
or to do the acts thereby permitted only at the location or place of business designated in the
permit therefor and indicated in the license.

Section 19. That Ordinance No. 3, entitled "An ordinance providing for the Licensing of Saloons
Barrooms and Places Where intoxicating Liquors are sold," and all ordinances amendatory thereto
or thereof and all other ordinances in conflict with this ordinance be and the same are hereby
repealed; provided, that any such repeal shall not affect or prevent the prosecution or punishment
 of any person, firm or corporation for any act done or permitted in violation of any ordinance
which may be repealed by this ordinance, and shall not affect any prosecution or action which
may be pending in any court for the violation of any ordinance repealed by this ordinance.

Section 20. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force after its passage and publication
for one week in the Clark County Review.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting
of the City Board of Commissioners held on the 7th day of August, 1912, and read for the second
time and passed at its meeting on the 4th day of September, 1912, by the following vote, to-wit:
Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern, Von Tobel, and Mayor Peter Buol voting aye. Noes none.
(SEAL)

Attest Harley A. Harmon

City Clerk	Approved this 4th day of September, 1912.

Peter Buol
Mayor.

Affidavit of Publisher.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 33 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached
is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue, on the following date, to-wit
September 14, 1912.

Chas. C Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th day of November, 1912.

Harley A. Harmon

City Clerk.