ORDINANCE NO. 145.

An Ordinance to amend, revise and re-enact Section 1 of Ordinance No. 112 of the

     City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to license traveling shows, circuses, Hippodromes,

 menageries and carnivals in the City of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance No. 

105 of the City of Las Vegas, and all Ordinances, and parts of Ordinances in conflict
herewith," and to repeal all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain;

Section 1. Section 1 of said Ordinance is hereby amended, revised, and re-enacted
so as to read as follows:

Sec. 1 Any, proprietor, lessee or manager of any traveling show, traveling
skating rink, circus, hippodrome, menagerie, or carnival intending to exhibit in the open
air or under a tent or in any public hall, club room, assembly hall or theatre where
moveable scenery and theatrical appliances are used, any performance or exhibition in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall pay to the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas
the sum of One Hundred Dollars as a license fee for the privilege of showing and 
exhibiting such traveling show, traveling skating rink, circus, hippodrome, menagerie or
carnival for each day; and upon payment therefor said City Clerk shall issue license
for the day or number of days so paid for.

Provided, that nothing in this section contained shall be deemed or construed to
require the holder of a theatre license to procure any additional license to conduct, maintain
or carry on any theatrical or vaudeville performance when such performance is conducted
at any such theatre so licensed.

Section 2. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict with this Ordinance
 are hereby repealed.

Section 3. This Ordinance shall be in effect from, and after its passage, and
adoption and publication for one week (three issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed, and adopted this 3rd day of October 1929 upon the following vote:
Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting
aye. Noes None. First reading Sept. 17th, 1929, second and final reading October 3rd
1929.

Approved this 3rd day of October 1929.

_____J. F. Hesse.

Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) SS

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is 
publisher of the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed
and published in Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
attached ORDINANCE NO. 145 was continuously published in said newspaper for a period
of three issues from Oct. 5th to October 10th 1929 inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Oct. 5, 8 and 10th 1929.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the above
dates named. That the charge for publishing the same was $25.00.

Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th day of October 1929.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada.

My Commission expires May 26th, 1929.

(Seal)