Coughlin, aye, Von Tobel, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, His honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye,
Dated the 6th, day of September A.D. 1911.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor

Attest :- Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Affidavit  of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill being first duly sworn, deposes and says that he is a citizen over the age

of eighteen years of age; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review a weekly newspaper



of general circulation published and printed at Las Vegas, Clark county Nevada. And that the
Ordinance No. 11 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached is a true and correct
copy, was published in said paper for one issue, on the following dates September 9th, A.D. 1911.

Chas C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 12.



An ordinance providing for the Collection of a dog license or tax.

The City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

1. That from and after the first day of October, 1911, there be and is hereby levied,
upon and against each and every dog, now in or which may hereafter comes into the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, the following sum of money as license fees or taxes, viz:

For each male dog, two dollars.

For each female dog five dollars.

Which said sum of money must be paid annually on the first day of October of each and every

year, for each dog coming or brought into the said City after the days fixed for the payment and
collection of such license fee and tax, there shall be collected proportionate portion of such
license for the portion of the year remaining.

2.	That it is hereby made the duty of every person owning or keeping, entertaining or

harboring any dog or owning, or keeping the premises whereon any dog makes its home or place of
residence to call upon and pay the City Clerk and ex-officio license Collector of said City,
the license and tax hereinbefore provided for and fixed and upon so paying said fee and tax to

the said official, he shall give to the person so paying the same a receipt therefor together with

a metal tag bearing the legand  Dog Tax for--------( the current year) Paid, Las Vegas, Nevada, which

tags shall be consecutively numbered and record thereof kept by the official distributing and

issuing the same. And such tag shall be firmly affixed to a leather or metal collar and constantly
worn by the dog upon which the tax and license has been paid.

3.	Any person who after the first day of October, 1911, shall own keep, entertain, or
harbor any untaxed, dog, or who shall own or keep or occupy the premises whereon or wherein any
untaxed dog shall be maintained or kept, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and fined in any
sum not exceeding the sum of Ten Dollars.

4. On and after the first day of October, 1911, it shall be the duty of the police or the
member of the police force of Las Vegas to shoot, kill, or otherwise destroy any canine which may
be owned, kept, harbored or maintained in Las Vegas, Nevada, and upon which the license and tax for
the current year has been paid which does not wear a collar and tag advertising such fact: and

for each and every animal so killed or destroyed by any such police official, he shall b paid by

said City of Las Vegas, the fee of one dollar in addition to any salary he may at the time of
such killing or destruction he may be receiving and which fee shall cover ail expenses of carrying 
away and disposing of the remains of any such canine or dog.

Upon motion of McGovern seconded by Coughlin unanimously voted by the entire Board that

this Ordinance be adopted as read. Coughlin, aye, Von Tobel, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye,