( SEAL)

HARLEY A. HARMON.

City Clerk in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that
the Ordinance No. 66 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper
one (1) issue on the following date, to wit: September 9, 1916.

Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 9th day of September, A. D. 1916.

Harley A. Harmon

County Clerk in and for Clark County, Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO. 67.

 An Ordinance to regulate and prevent the discharge of fire-arms, air guns, etc., within
	 the limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, except
 in a regular licensed shooting gallery, to wilfully discharge any pistol, fire-arm, air gun,
musket, or instrument of any kind, character or description, which throws a bullet or missile of
any kind, for any distance, by means of the elastic force of air or any explosive substance.

Section 2. Any person violating any of the provisions of the ordinance shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Ten
Dollars nor more than Three Hundred Dollars or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of
not less than Five Days nor more than One Hundred and Fifty Days, or by both such fine and 
imprisonment.

Section 3. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 4. This ordinance shall take effect from and after its passage and publication

according to law, for one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 3rd day of January, A. D. 1917, and read for the

			

second time and passed at its meeting on the 7th day of February, A. D. 1917, by the following
vote, to-wit: Commissioners Matzdorf, Farnsworth, Elwell, Ball, and his honor the Mayor, W. E.
Hawkins, voting aye. Noes: None.

Approved this 7th day of February, A. D). 1917.

W. E. Hawkins, Mayor.

(Seal)

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

	AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review,
 a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas Clark County,
Nevada, and that the Ordinance of which the attached is a true and correct copy was published
in said paper one consecutive issue, on the following date, to-wit: February 24th 1917.