 Section 15. No claim which has once been presented and rejected, shall ever again be considered
or allowed by the same, or any subsequently elected or appointed Board of city Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 16. The City Attorney shall attend the sittings of the Board of City commissioners when
engaged in auditing accounts claims brought against the City, and in all cases shall oppose such
accounts or claims as he may deem unjust, illegal or extortionate. The City Attorney, except for
his own services, shall not be allowed to present any claim, account, or demand for allowance
against the City, or in any way advocate the relief asked on a claim or demand by another.

Section 17. The Commissioner of Finance and Revenue shall have charge of and supervision over all
accounts and records of the City, and all officers, boards or departments required to keep
or make accounts, records or reports. He shall inspect or cause to be inspected all records or
accounts required to be kept in any of the offices or departments of the City, and shall cause
proper accounts and records to be kept and proper reports to be made. He shall audit or cause to
be audited at frequent intervals the accounts of every officer or employe who does or may receive
or disburse money. He shall have charge of the purchase, care and distribution of all supplies
and other articles not otherwise provided by law. He shall have charge and supervision over all
printing by or for the City, unless otherwise provided by law. He shall examine or cause to be
 examined, and report to the Board of City Commissioners, upon all bills, accounts, pay rolls

and claims before they are acted upon or allowed, unless otherwise provided by law.

The assessor, Treasurer, City Clerk, and License collector, and their respective offices
or departments, and all employees therein, and all bookkeepers and accountants are distributed
and assigned to the Department of Finance and Revenue, and shall be under the supervision and
direction of the commissioner thereof.

The Commissioner of Finance and Revenue shall procure from all persons and corporations 
operating public service utilities in the city such reports as they are by law or ordinance or 
otherwise required to make to the City, or any of its officers, and procure copies of such reports 
as are made to the State or any public office or department, and shall collect, or cause or to 
be collected, all license fees, franchises taxes, rentals or other moneys which may be due or
become due to the City. He shall report to the Board of City Commissioners any failure to make

reports or to pay moneys due to the city, with such recommendations in relation thereto as
he may deem proper. He shall whenever the city has authority so to do, cause to be examined
the accounts and records of any person or corporation operating a public service utility in the
City, and shall report to the Board of City commissioners any refusal to permit such examination
with such recommendations in relation thereto as he may deem proper. The commissioner of

Finance and Revenue shall have under his special charge the enforcement of all laws for the
assessment and collection of taxes of every Kind and the collection of all revenues belonging
to said City, from whatever source the same be derived.	

   Section 18. The Marshall, Chief of Police and police Department, and all policemen,
officers and employes therein, and all police stations and property and apparatus used in said
police Department; the Chief of Fire Department, and the Fire Department, and all fireman
officers and employes therein, and all fire stations and property and apparatus used in said
Fire Department; the fire and police alarm system, and all property and apparatus belonging
thereto; the City Physician, Board of Health, health officers, and all officers and employes
in their respective offices or in the Health Department of the City, and the City Hospital
and employes therein, and all buildings, property and apparatus belonging to or used in said
offices and departments; the inspector of Plumbing, City Electrician, Electrical inspector
and their offices, and all property and apparatus used therein, are all distributed and assigned
to the Department of the Police and Fire Commissioner. The police and Fire commissioner shall
 have charge of and supervision and direction over all officers and employes aligned to said

department, and over all said buildings, property and apparatus. He shall have charge of all

