Ordinance No. 59.

An Ordinance to amend Section Eight (8) of Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
"An Ordinance Fixing the Fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, Regulating Building Construction and
the Keeping and storage of Combustibles and Explosives."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Sectional 1. That section 8 of Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled an Ordinance
fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction and the keeping
and storage of combustibles and explosives be and the same is hereby amended by the addition to the
said section of the following words, to-wit:- "Provided however, that for industrial purposes
quantities of petroleum and products thereof in excess of the amount herein stated may be kept within

said fire limits when the same shall be stored or kept in a tank or receptacle made of material
designated by the Fire Commissioner of said City and according to such rules and regulations as
said Fire Commissioner may require. Before storing or keeping any combustible material in greater
quantities than allowed by this ordinance within said fire limits, application so to do must be
made to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and upon the approval of the Fire
Commissioner of said City the Board of City Commissioners may grant the applicant a permit for the
same."

Section 2. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and
unanimously carried and voted by the entire Board it was ordered that this ordinance be an emergency ordinance,
the tote on said resolution being as follows, to-wit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye; Curtis, aye;
Sullivan aye; Smith, aye; and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Dated this 3rd day of March A.D. 1915.	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Attest:— Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of the

Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in

the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached ordinance of the City of Las Vegas,

No. 59, was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on March 13,

1915 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:— March, 13th

1915 that said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above mentioned.

That the charge for the same was.	Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of May A.D. 1915.

Henry M. Lillis, Notary Public.



	Ordinance No. 60.

"An Ordinance to amend section one of Ordinance No. 57 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An
Ordinance to amend section seven of Ordinance No. 33, entitled, An Ordinance regulating the
distribution of intoxicating liquors and regulating places where liquors are sold or otherwise
distributed, providing for permits and licenses and repealing Ordinance No. 3, and all ordinances
and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith, and and introducing a new section therein."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follow;

Section 1. That section No. 1 of Ordinance No. 57 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An

Ordinance to amend section 7 of Ordinance No. 33 entitled, "An ordinance regulating the