I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting

of the Board of City commissioners, held on the 1st day of October, 1913, and read for the second

time and passed at its meeting on the 3rd day of December, 1913, upon the following vote to-wit:-

commissioners, Griffith, Curtiss, Smith, Sullivan and His Honor the Mayor, W.E. Hawkins, aye, Noes

None.	Approved this 3rd, day of December A.D. 1913.

(SEAL)	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

State of Nevada)

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; that he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 48, of the City of
Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 6th, day
of December 1913. inclusive, being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit- December
 6th, 1913. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of t he

dates above named, that the charge for publishing the same was_________________________________

Signed. C.P. Squires.	 

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd, day of January A.D. 1914.

(SEAL)	Henry M. Lillis. Notary Public

Ordinance No. 49.

 An ordinance for Police regulation, and prohibiting public dance halls in the City of Las Vegas.

  		

 The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:
 Section l. It shall be and is hereby made unlawful for any person or persons, firm or corporation
to establish, open, keep, conduct or carry on a public dance hall, or a public ball room in the
City of Las Vegas; and any person or persons, firm or corporation, opening, keeping, conducting or
carrying on any such public dance hall or public ball room in the City of Las Vegas shall be guilty
of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine not to exceed Three
Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a term not to exceed ninety (90) days,

or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 2. Nothing contained in this ordinance shall be construed or understood to apply
to any dance or ball given in any hotel for its guests by the owner, manager or lessee any
such hotel, universally recognized as a hotel, and using a general register for guests; or to any
charitable exhibition or entertainment given by an amateur dramatic association or society; or
to any dance or ball op entertainment given by any bona fide beneficial, or bona fide benevolent
association; or to any dance or ball given by any social organization formed for the purpose of
holding, from time to time, private dances or entertainments; or to any dancing school maintained
solely for the teaching of the art of dancing; provided, however, that if any dance or ball or entertainment
 is given for the purpose of evading the provisions of this ordinance, then section 1 of
this ordinance snail be construed to apply thereto.

Section 3. This ordinance snail take effect and be in force immediately on and after its
passage and publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas. 

The foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting of the Board of
Commissioners held on the first day of October, 1913, and passed upon the second reading at a

regular meeting of said Board held on December 3rd, 1913 upon the following vote: Commissioners