			C. D. Breeze	

My commission Expires May 26th 1931.	Notary Public in and for Clark County

 (Seal) 	Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO. 142.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by the constructing,
 erecting and installing an ornamental street lighting system on certain streets, and
portions of streets in said City; describing definitely the location of said improvements
providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessment
district, hereby established, according to benefits, except where, by the Charter of
the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required to be paid from the general
fund of the City of Las Vegas, and other matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has determined
to make the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, said improvements to be made
in accordance with the plats, diagrams, and estimates of cost on file in the office of the
City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

To construct, erect, and install an ornamental street lighting system complete,
including conduits, cables, standards, lighting units and all appurtenances thereto upon
the following streets, and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas:

In Clark's Las Vegas Townsite

The easterly side of Main Street from the northerly side of Bridger Street to
the southerly side of stewart Street.

Fremont Street from the easterly side of Main Street to the westerly side of
Fifth Street.

The Westerly side of Fifth Street from the northerly side of Bridger Street
to the southerly side of Stewart Street.

In Hawkin's Addition______

The easterly side of Fifth Street from the northerly side of Bridger Street
to the southerly side of Stewart Street.

SECTION 2. That the cost, and expense of making such improvements, as described
 in Section 1 of this Ordinance, shall be paid by special assessment to be made according
 to benefits upon taxable lots, and premises situate in the special assessment district,
 hereby created, composed of the following lands, to-wit;

In Clark's Las Vegas Townsite

Lots 1 to 16, both number inclusive, in Block 4; lots 1 to 16, both numbers
inclusive in Block 3; lots 27 to 31, both number inclusive in Block 3; Lots 1 to 21, both
numbers inclusive in, in Block 2; lots 1 to 16, both numbers inclusive in Block 1; lots
11 to 22, both numbers inclusive, in block 15; lots 11 to 2, both numbers inclusive in
Block 18; lots 11 to 22, both numbers inclusive in Block 31; lots 11 to 32, both numbers

inclusive in Block 34; lots 17 to 32, both numbers inclusive in Block 33; lots 1, to

12, both numbers inclusive and lots 23 to 32, both numbers inclusive in Block 35; lots 17
to 32 both number inclusive in Block 35; lots 1 to 12, both numbers inclusive in Block 

30; lots 1 to 12, both numbers inclusive, in block 19; lots 1 to 12 both numbers inclusive,

 in Block 14.

In Hawkin's Addition

Lots 1 to 10 both numbers inclusive in Block 1; lots 1 to 16, both numbers
inclusive in Block 2; lots 1 to 6, both number inclusive and lots 13 to 22, both numbers
inclusive in Block in Block 3; lots 1 to 16, both numbers inclusive in block 4,
except where by the Charter of the of the City of Las Vegas, certain portions thereof
are required to bo paid from the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas shall
hereafter by ordinance, be empowered, and authorized and directed to prepare a special
assessment roll which shall include the lots, and premises and owners as provided for in
the City Charter of the City of Las Vegas. After said special assessment roll as herein
provided for shall have been prepared, and submitted, it shall be reported to the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and thereafter, it shall be filed in the

office of the City Clerk, and numbered, and notice thereof shall be given to all persons

whose names appear thereon, and to all persons interested, of the time when said Board
of City Commissioners and Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review the the, assessment
 at which time the said Board of City Commissioners shall hear any and all suggestions
  and objections that may be filed against the said assessment, and shall at
that or some adjourned meeting, correct the same, or confirm it as reported or corrected, 

they may refer it back to the Ex-officio City Assessor for revision, or annul
it, an direct a new assessment, and proceed as in the City Charter directed, until
the same be confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners; when said assessment

roll has been confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners, the City Clerk shall make

an endorsement upon the said assessment roll showing the date of confirmation as provided