(69)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of a cold
storage or refrigerating plant, for the purpose of storing fruits, vegetables, meats,
fish, eggs, or dairy products, or any other merchandise, shall pay a quarterly license
fee of $1.00 for each 1000 square feet of floor area or fraction thereof, with a minimum
quarterly tax of $6.25.

(70)	Every person engaged in the business of renting or selling outdoor advertising
 space, whether billboard or electric signs, shall pay a quarterly license fee of 3½ cents
 per square yard of the front surface, with a minimum quarterly license fee of
$12.50.

(71)	For each locksmith $5.00 per quarter.

(72)	For every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of house
moving shall pay a quarterly license fee of $25.00 per quarter, and in addition thereto
shall maintain on deposit with the City Clerk a bond in the penal sum of $1000.00 
executed by a surety company authorized to fo business in the State of Nevada for the then
current year, indemnifying the city against injury or damage to pavements or other public
property and all other persons, firms or corporations against injury or damage to person
or property occurring while any house is being moved on to, along or off any public street
In the event of a recovery by said City or any private person, firm or corporation on
said bond the said bond or a similar substitute shall be restored immediately to raid
penal sum of $1000.00.

(73)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of house
wrecking or salvaging shall pay a quarterly license fee of $12.50 per quarter.

(74)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of natatorium
or swimming poll or tank, where a fee or charge is made for the use thereof or where
rooms, lockers or bathing suits are rented in connection therewith, shall pay a quarterly
license fee of $5.00 per quarter.

(75)	Every automobile ticket agency or transportation agency, except when
conducted by the owner of the transportation agency line, shall pay a quarterly license
fee of $5.00 per quarter.

(76)	For each public stenographer $5.00 per quarter.

(77)	For each insurance adjuster or insurance adjusting agency $5.00 per quarter.

(78)	For each automobile reclaiming agency $5.00 per quarter.

(79)	For each bail bond broker or bail bond brokerage business $15.00 per quarter.

(80)	For each painting or decorating contractor $5.00 per quarter.

(81) For each amusement park charging admission to the grounds $5.00 per quarter.

(82) For each private detective agency, bureau or business $25.00 per quarter.

(83) For each abstract and/or title company doing business, maintaining an 
agency, or operating in the City of Las Vegas, $15.00 per quarter.

(84)	For each brick yard, pressed brick plant or adobe or concrete block manufacturing
 plant $10.00 per quarter.

(85)	For each operating creamery $6.00 per quarter.

(86)	For each marble and/or granite workers shop $5.00 per quarter.

(87)	For each planing mill allowed by law $5.00 per quarter.

(88)	For each automobile painting and/or sign painting establishment $5.00 per

quarter.

(89)	For each water company $25.00 per quarter.

(90)	For each welding and/or iron works $5.00 per quarter.

(91)	For each hairdressing or beauty parlor or both, whether operated in 
connection with a barber shop or separately $10.00 per quarter.

(92)	Every person conducting managing or carrying on the business of distributing
advertising samples, handbills, dodgers or printed matter of any kind, shall pay a
quarterly license fee of $3.00 per quarter.

(93)	Every person, firm or corporation conducting managing or carrying on any
business not specifically licensed by this ordinance, or any other ordinance of the
City of Las Vegas, shall pay a quarterly license fee of $5.00 per quarter.

(94)	Nothing in this section contained shall be deemed or construed as applying

to any	person engaged in	any	of the professions or occupations hereinbefore enumerated,

solely as an employee of any other person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or

carrying on any such business in the City of Las Vegas, unless specifically so provided
herein.

Section 2. Said Ordinance No. 48 is hereby amended by adding a new section
thereto to be known as Section 10a, which shall read as follows:

Section 10a. Every license fee required hereunder which is not paid within a
	period	of	ten (10) days from the time the same becomes due and payable is hereby declared

		to	be delinquent, and the City Clerk shall thereupon add to said license fee and

collect a penalty of twenty-five percent (25%) of such license fee so delinquent, and
such penalty may also be recovered in any civil action brought in the name of the City
of Las Vegas for the recovery of the amount of the license tax imposed by this ordinance.

Section 3. Said Ordinance No. 38 is hereby amended by adding a new section
thereto to be known as Section 10b, which shall read as follows:

Section 10b. Every person, having a license under the provisions of this
ordinance and carrying on a business at a fixed place of business shall keep such license
posted and exhibited, while in force, in some conspicuous place in said place of business.
Every person having such license and not having a fixed place of business shall carry
such license with him at all times while carrying on the business for which the same is
granted.

Section 4. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are
hereby repealed.

Section 5. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after the
31st day of December, 1931, and after the passage thereof shall be published for a
period of one week (6 issues) in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper 
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.