	19	

Section The office of the plumbing Inspector shall and the same is hereby created. The

plumbing Inspector shall be appointed by an order of the Beard of City Commissioners, duly entered

      on the minutes of said Board, and shall hold office during the pleasure of the Board. He must qualify

 within ten days from the time of his appointment by taking the constitutional oath of office and

 filing of a bond in the sun of One thousand dollars and filing the same with the City Clerk. The

 plumbing Inspector compensation shall be one Hundred and twenty five dollars ($125.00  per month,

 payable monthly. All fees collected by the plumbing inspector shall be the property of the City of

Las Vegas and shall be turned over to the City by said plumbing Inspector monthly, rendering a

detailed statement and report thereof.

Section 20. Any person, firm or corporation who shall either violate or neglect or refuse to
comply with the provisions of this ordinance shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction
thereof shall be fined not less than five dollars nor more than One hundred Dollars, or be imprisoned
for not less than five days not more than fifty days, or be both fined and imprisoned; and every day
during which the work of plumbing or drainage is continued in violation of the provisions of this
Ordinance shall be considered as constituting a new offence and be punishable as in this section

provided.

 Section 21, All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 22. This ordinance shall take effect from and after its passage and publication for a

period of one week, one issue, of the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper printed and published

in the City of Las Vegas.	

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor.

(SEAL) Passed on second reading on January 7th, 1913. upon the following vote; Commissioners

T.J. Stewart, J.J. Coughlin, Ed Von Tobel, Mayer Peter Buol, voting aye. Noes None.

December 4th, 1912.	Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

(SEAL)

Affidavit of Publication.

@ @ @ @ @ @ @ @  @

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
and that the Ordinance No. 36, of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true and correct
copy was published in said paper one issue on the following dates, to-wit January 11th, 1913.

(SEAL)	Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st, day of March A.D. 1913.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.