AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION. ORDINANCE 105

MAY CORKHILL, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That she is a citizen

of the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that she is the Publisher of the
Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 105 of which the attached
is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper Two consecutive' issues, on the
following dates, to-wit:	April 18 and 25, 1924.

May Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th
day of August, A.D. 1925.

Edgar F. Dupray

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nev.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION. ORDINANCE NO. 106
CHAS. P. SQUIRES, BEING first duly sworn, deposes and says; That he is

	 

publisher of the LAS VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance No. 106 of the City of Las Vegas, was continuously published in said newspaper
 for a period of One week from May 10, 1924 inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: May 10, 1924. That said newspaper was

regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the charge for
publishing the same was $	.

Signed Chas. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
25th day of August, 1925.

C. D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for
Clark County, Nevada.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION. ORDINANCE NO. 107

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is 

publisher of the LAS VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and

published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, 'and that the attached
Ordinance No. 107 of the the City of Las Vegas, was continuously published in said 
newspaper for a period of one week from June 7, 1924 inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: June 7, 1924. That said newspaper was regularly

 issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the charge for
publishing the same was $	.

Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th day of August, 1925.

C. D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark County.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION. ORDINANCE NO. 108

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is 

publisher of the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance No. 108 of the City of Las Vegas, was continuously published in said news
paper for a period of One week, from March 7, 1925 inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: March 7, 1925. That said newspaper was 

regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the charge for
publishing the same was $	.

		Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th day of August 1925.

C. D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.