 Passed on second reading Aug. 3, 1921, upon the following vote: Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens,
and his Honor, the Mayor Pro Tem Chas. Ireland, voting aye. Noes None. First reading June 15,1921.

Approved:

Chas. Ireland, Mayor Pro Tem

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of
the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of The Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 83, of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached is a true
and correct copy, was published in said paper one consecutive issue, on the following date to-wit:
August 6,1922.

Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day of August, A.D. 1922.

Florence S. Doherty,

	City Clerk.

	Ordinance No. 84




 An Ordinance Providing for and Regulating the Location, Management and Construction of



Slaughter Houses within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, and Providing Penalties for a
violation thereof.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do Ordain as follows:

Sec. l. No person, firm, association or corporation, without the consent of the Board of
Health, shall build or use any slaughter house within the city limits, and the keeping and
slaughtering of all cattle, sheep and swine, and the preparation of all meat, fish, birds or
other animal food, shall be in the manner best adapted to securing and continuing their wholesomeness
 as foods; and every butcher and other persons owning, leasing or occupying any place,
room or building wherein any cattle, sheep or swine have been or are killed or dressed, and every
person firm, association or corporation being the owner, lessee or occupant of any room or stable
wherein any animals are kept, or any market public or private, shall cause such place, room
or building, stable or market, to be thoroughly cleansed and purified, and all offal, blood,
fat, garbage, refuse and unwholesome and offensive matter to be removed therefrom at least
once in every twenty-four hours after the use thereof for any of the purposes herein referred
to, and shall also at all times keep all woodwork, save floors and counters, in any building,
place or premises aforesaid, thoroughly painted or whitewashed; and the floors of such buildings,
 place or premises shall be so constructed as to prevent blood or foul liquids or washings
from settling in the earth beneath.

Sec. 2. No blood pit, dung-pit, offal pit, or privy wall shall remain or be used or constructed 
within or in connection with any slaughter house within the City Limits.

Sec. 3. The provisions of this Ordinance shall not be deemed to conflict with or repeal
any of the provisions of Ordinance No. 76 of the City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 4. Every person, firm, association or corporation convicted of violating any of the
foregoing provisions of this Ordinance shall be punished by a fine of not less than five
 Dollars nor more than Three Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding
one hundred and fifty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 5. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force and operation upon and after its
passage and publication for a period of one week (one issue) in Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas.

The foregoing ordinance was adopted at a regular meeting of said Board held on July 20th,

1921, upon the following vote: