AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss

County of Clark)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman
of the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal a daily newspaper, of general circulation,
printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week,
two issues from April 7, 1931 to April 11, 1931 inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: April 7-14. That said newspaper was regularly
 issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this April 14th, 1931

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires 1/12/35
(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 167.

An Ordinance regulating dry cleaning plants in the City of Las Vegas, providing
penalties for the violation thereof, and other matters relating thereto, and repealing
all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Section 1.	The dry cleaning room of a clothes cleaning establishment shall be

a fireproof building not more than one (l) story high, with no basement beneath; building
must be of brick, stone, or concrete construction with concrete floor. Said walls shall
be at least eight inches thick.

(a)	The doors of such room must be an approved pattern of automatic fire doors;
and the windows shall be of wired glass in metal frames and sashes.

(b)	'The walls of	said room shall have	vent holes at the floor line not less than

6x8	inches in area, one	such opening in each	outside wall of the room.

(c) The dry cleaning room shall be equipped with fire buckets filled with sand for
use in extinguishing fires, the number of buckets and quantity of sand to be determined
by the Fire Chief.

(d)	There shall be no connection between the said clothes cleaning establishments
to public or private sewers, drains catch-basin or pit, and no heating or cooking
stoves, or fires of any description, shall be permitted in said cleaning room.

(e)	The lighting must be done byelectricity in the most approved manner; and all
switches must be four and one-half (4½) feet above the floor of such establishments,
located near the door, so as not to allow opportunity for vapor to collect near them.

(f)	It shall be	unlawful to locate,	have, use or maintain a steam generating

boiler,	dynamo, or motor	within the walls of	any clothes cleaning establishment except

in a room entirely separated from the cleaning and dyeing rooms.

Section 2. All solvent used for dry cleaning garments must be stored in underground
 tanks make of not less than 14 gauge iron with the exception of such tanks or
clarifiers not to exceed two in number and which must be placed in a separate room.

Section 3. Each washing machine, drying tumbler or any other appliance to wash
or dry garments must be equipped with automatic steam valve with sufficient steam pressure
to extinguish any fire with might occur. The sufficiency of such equipment shall be 
determined by the Fire Chief.

Section 4. No dry cleaning room shall be located less than fifteen feet from
any other building.

Section 5. Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this
ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be
punishable by a fine of not more than three hundred dollars or by imprisonment in the
City Jail not more then one hundred fifty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Each and every person, firm or corporation shall be deemed guilty of a separate offense
for every day during any portion of which any violation of any provision of this Ordinance
 is committed, continued or permitted by such person, firm or corporation, and shall
be punishable thereafter as provided in this Ordinance.

Section 6. All ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith are hereby
 repealed.

Section 7. This ordinance shall take effect thirty days aftersits passage and
publication for one week (6 Issues) in Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal a daily newspaper
 published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 22 day of April, 1931, by the Following vote: Commissioners 
German, Hansell, and Thomas and His Honor the mayor Hesse, voting Aye. hoes none.