ORDINANCE NO. 195 READ BUT NOT ORDERED PUBLISHED.

ORDINANCE NO. 196.

An Ordinance establishing regulations for connection with sewer mains in Sanitary
Lateral Sewer District No. l in the City of Las Vegas, establishing a sinking fund and providing
for the disposal of such fund, providing a penalty for the violation of this ordinance
 and repealing pro tanto all ordinance and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That notwithstanding the provisions of Sec. 4 and Subdivision Twenty-second
of Sec. 11 of Ordinance No. 36 of the City of Las Vegas, it shall be unlawful for any person,
 firm, association or corporation to connect with the main sewer system situate in
Sanitary Lateral Sewer District No. l as established by Ordinance No. 195 of the City of
Las Vegas, heretofore adopted and enacted by the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, without first complying with the provisions of this Ordinance.

Section 2. Whereas, the sewer mains in the alleys in the following portions of said
Sanitary Lateral Sewer District No. l, to-wit: In Block 8 of Buck's Subdivision; in Blocks
1 and 2 of Hawkins' addition; Blocks 4, 13, 14, 15, and 16 of Wardie Addition; in Blocks
24 and 25 of South Addition; in Blocks 16, 17, and 18 and at the rear of 1ots 4 to 16
incl. in Block 19, of Ladd's Addition; in Block 1 of Grandview Addition, are suitable for
connection with and use as laterals, no connection therewith shall be made except under
full compliance with all the ordinances of the City of Las Vegas relating to sewer connections
 and sewer connection permits, and in addition thereto paying the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas of an amount equal to the assessment provided for tentatively
in that certain proposed assessment roll, prepared by the Consulting Engineer of said City
Webster L. Benham, pursuant to the provisions of said Ordinance No. 195 and on file in
the office of the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas and marked "Proposed Assessment
Roll for Sanitary Lateral Sewer District No. 1," reference to which is hereby had and made:
the amount to be paid to be equal to the amount therein provided to be assessed against
the particular lot, piece or parcel of land to be served by such connection.

The payments herein provided for such purpose are to be held (as a sinking fund for
Sanitary Lateral Sewer District No. 1 aforesaid, and to be used solely in discharge of
  obligations incurred under the provisions of Ordinance No. 195 aforesaid and the proceedings
 which may hereafter be conducted in connection with and pursuant thereto.

Section 3. After the payment of the amounts provided for in the next preceding
Section of this Ordinance the property, for which the same is paid, shall thereafter be
exempt from assessment for any improvements made under or pursuant to said Ordinance No.

195.

Section 4. All persons, firms, associations, and corporations who or which have
heretofore made connection with the sewer mains within said Sanitary Lateral Sewer District
No. 1 shall within ten days after the enactment and publication of this Ordinance, make to
said City Clerk the payment provided for in Section 2 of this Ordinance before further
using said sewer mains or mains through such connection heretofore made, which payment
shall be made, held and used for the purposes provided for in said Section No. 2.

Section 5. The provisions of the preceding Sections of this Ordinance shall also
apply to connections heretofore or hereafter made with a sewer main located in a street within said 
Sanitary Lateral Sewer District No. l.

Section 6. Since it is impractical to proceed at this time with the improvement
provided for in said Ordinance No. 195, because of the apparent impossibility of disposing
 of the special assessment bonds therein provided to be issued and sold, it is hereby
provided that, subject to the provisions of all of the Ordinances of the City of Las
Vegas relating thereto, connections may be made to laterals which may be built and 
constructed by the property owners in any block or series of blocks in said Sanitary Lateral

District No. 1, at their own and sole expense and cost; but before any permit shall be

given for the construction of any such lateral or connection therewith to any sewer main
in said Sanitary Lateral Sewer District No. 1 there shall be paid to the City Clerk of said
City an amount equal to nine per cent of the tentative assessment on each lot, piece or
parcel of land embraced in that certain proposed assessment roll mentioned in Section 2
of this Ordinance, which is to be or may be served by the lateral proposed to be constructed.
The moneys received under the provisions of this Section shall be deposited in the Fund
created in said Section 2 of this Ordinance and used for the purposes only as therein provided,
and in particular for the payment and discharge of the obligations, if any, for 
and on account of compensation for said or any Consulting Engineer for services rendered pr to be
in connection with the sanitary lateral sewer construction in said Sanitary Lateral Sewer
District No. l. On such payments being made, as in this Section provided, and the construction
of such lateral or laterals at the sole cost and expense of such property owners, the

particular property for which said lateral or laterals has been so constructed and payments

made is a foresaid, shall thereafter be exempt from any special assessment under the provisions
of or pursuant to said Ordinance No. 195.

Section 7. All laterals constructed under the provisions of said Section No. 6
shall be strictly in conformity with the specifications heretofore adopted in connection
with the proceedings for improvement provided for in said Ordinance No. 195, and not 
otherwise.

