the plural.	

STREET; Every avenue, boulevard, highway, lane, alley, strip, path, square or place used by or laid
out for the use of vehicles.	

INTERSECTING STREET:	Shall mean any street which joins another at an angle whether or not it crosses

the other Street.

CURB:	The lateral boundaries of a street designed or intended for the use of vehicles whether marked

by curbing construction of stone, cement, concrete or other material or not so marked.

VEHICLE:	Every wagon, hack, coach, carriage, omnibus, pushcart, bicycle, tricycle, motorcycle 

automobile, or other conveyance, except baby carriage, railroad, street and interurban railway cars in
whatever manner or by whatever force or power the same may be driven, ridden or propelled which is
or may be used for or adapted to pleasure riding, or the transportation of passengers, baggage merchandise
 or freight, upon any street; and every draft or riding animal, whether ridden, driven or led or
is standing still, excepting that an animal or animals attached to any vehicle shall, with such vehicle 
constitute one vehicle.

DRIVER:	Every rider or driver of any animal, the rider of a bycycle, tricycle, or motorcycle the

operator of a motor vehicle, the person in charge or control of an animal, bicycle, tricycle motor-



cycle, motor vehicles or pushcart.

ANIMAL:	Every horse, pony, donkey, mule, burro or other animal capable of being ridden or driven

or capable of being guided by rein or voice.

DRIVE:	To ride, drive, propel or operate.

BUSINESS DISTRICT:	Shall consist of all that portion of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada known as

"Clark's Las Vegas Townsite", bounded and described as follows, to-wit: Commencing at the southwest

  corner of the intersection of Main Street with Garces Street; thence running northerly along the easterly
   side of said Main Street to its intersection with Stewart Street; thence running easterly along
  the northerly side of said Stewart Street to its intersection with Fifth Street; thence running southerly	

  along the easterly side of said Fifth Street to its intersection with Garces Street; thence running
 westerly along the southerly side of said Garces Street to its intersection with Main Street, the place
 of beginning; Clark Avenue, Wilson Avenue, Second Street, Third Street and Fourth Street in the 
Original Townsite of Las Vegas, Nevada.

RESIDENCE DISTRICT:	Shall consist of Buck's Addition, Buol's First and Second Additions, Wardie

Addition, Ladd's Addition, Fairview Addition, Grand View Addition, Original Townsite of Las Vegas,

Nevada, except Clark Avenue, Wilson Avenue, Second Street, Third Street and Fourth Street and all of

the unplatted acreage contained in Sections numbered 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, and 35, in

Township Twenty (20) south of Range Sixty-one (61) East, M. D. B. & M., and Sections 2, 3, 4, and 5

in Township Twenty-one (21), South of Range Sixty-one (61) East, M. D. B. & M.



 Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person to drive or propel, or cause or permit to be driven
or propelled, any vehicle, road roller, traction engine, or any implement, machine or other vehicle
except motor vehicles, upon or along any public street in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada or to permit
any such vehicles, road roller, traction engine, implement, or machine, to remain upon any such street
during the period from one hour after sunset to one hour before sunrise of the next succeeding day
unless there is attached to the left hand side of such vehicle a lamp showing a white light visible
in the direction toward which the front of said vehicle is directed, and a red light visible in the
reverse direction, or unless there is attached on the front at or hear the left hand side of such vehicle
a lamp showing a white light visible in the direction toward which the front of such vehicle is directed
and also a lamp attached to the rear of such vehicle to the left of the center thereof, showing a red lights
visible in the reverse direction; and provided further, that upon a bicycle one white light showing toward
the direction in which such bicycle is proceeding shall be deemed a compliance with the provisions of
this section.

Any person, firm or corporation, violating any of the provisions of this section shall be deemed	

guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Five