not a proper person, firm, association, or corporation to carry on or conduct the game for which
the license is granted, or that such game is not being properly or fairly conducted. Upon such 
revocation the City of Las Vegas shall be entitled to retain the license fee theretofore paid for such
license.

Section 6. All licenses herein provided for shall be issued by the City Clerk. The amount

of all license for the carrying on, or conducting of any of the games mentioned in Section 1 of this

Ordinance, whether the same be a new license or the renewal of one theretofore existing shall be One

Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($150.00) per quarter so long as the licensee deals, plays, carries on,

    conducts or operates said games, or permits to be dealt, played, carried on, operated or conducted

	said games for each house, or building, or location or place of business where in any such game is

dealt, played, carrie d on or conducted or is permitted to be dealt, played, carried on, operated or

 conducted by such licensee; provided, that no license shall be granted for any portion of any quarter

 for a less amount than the full quarterly license, to-wit: One Hundred and Fifty Dollars (S150.00)

and the end of said quarters shall be the last days of March, June, September sand December of each



 year, and that the license shall not be transferable. Each license shall specify upon the fact thereof
 the name of the kind of game or games so licensed, and each license shall authorize the party 
obtaining it to carry on or conduct the kinds of game or games specified, or to do the acts herein 
permitted with reference thereof, only sat the location or place of business designated in the order 
granting such license. The license shall at all times keep posted in a conspicuous place, in the room 

where such licensed game or games are being dealt, played, carried on, operated or conducted, the 

current license therefor, and in the event of the failure so to do the license or license s therefor may be
revoked by the said Board of City Commissioners.

Section 7. All applications for licenses as in this Ordinance provided, shall state the
    business and place of business of the applicant, and the name in full of the applicant, and in case
of a copartnership) or association shall state the name in full of each and all the copartners or 
associates, and in case of a corporation, the names of the officers and managers thereof.

Section 8. Any person or any officer of any corporation, or any member of any copartnership
or association violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall upon conviction thereof
be punished by a fine in the sum of not less than One Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($150.00), or not more
than Three Hundred Dollars (S300.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not less
than Thirty (30) days, or not more than five (5) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment. Each
and every day upon which a violation of this Ordinance shall occur shall be deemed a separate and
distinct violation thereof.

Section 9. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinance s in conflict herewith are hereby 

repealed.

Section 10. This Ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication
 as hereinafter authorized.

Section 11. The City Clerk, and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance published in the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of one week (one issue)

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a meeting
of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the 3rd day of September, 1919, and
was read for the second time and passed at a meeting of said Board held on the 1st day of October,

1919, on the following vote: Commissioners R. W. Thomas, W. E. Arnold and His Honor, the Mayor, W.

B. Ferron, voting aye. Noes, none.

(SEAL)	HARLEY A. HARMON

City Clerk

Approved this 1st day of October, 1919.

W. E. FERRON,

Mayor.