defective quality shall, upon notice, either verbal or in writing, from said Plumbing
Inspector, be removed or repaired in the manner determined, and within the time fixed
by the inspecting officer, and it shall be unlawful for any person or persons to occupy
or make use of any house or building where the plumbing work has been constructed in
accordance with the regulations of this ordinance, unless the owner, agent or lessee of
said building or house shall have secured a final certificate of acceptance from the
Plumbing Inspector duly signed by such officer.

Section 2. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances, in conflict with this Ordinance
are hereby repealed.

Section 3. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage, and adoption and publication for one week (six issues) in the Las Vegas Evening
 Review and Journal a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed, and adopted this 3rd day of October 1929 upon the following vote: 

Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes
None. First reading September 5th 1929 second reading October 3rd 1929.

Approved this 3rd day of October 1929.

J. F. Hesse
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

(City Seal)	AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
COUNTY OF CLARK)

A. Cahlan, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is editor of the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week (six times) from
October 7th to October 12th inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
 dates, to-wit: October 7, 8, 9, 10, ll, 12. That said newspaper was regularly issued
and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed A. L. Cahlan.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th day of November 1929.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County

Nevada.

My Commission expires May 26th, 1931.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 148.

An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the ex-officio Assessor
 of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment
 to defray the costs of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by
constructing, erecting, and installing an ornamental street lighting system complete,
including conduits, cables, standards, lighting units, and all appurtenances thereto
on certain streets, and portions of streets in said City, according to plats, diagrams
and estimates of cost thereof on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas; describing definitely the location of said improvements, stating the amounts
of said assessment, and designating the lots, lands and premises to be assessed according
 to benefits; providing for the payment thereof, and other matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the costs of making certain improvements
in the City of Las Vegas, by constructing, erecting, and installing an ornamental street
lighting system complete, including, conduits, cables, standards, lighting units, and
all appurtenances thereto, according to the plats, diagrams, and estimates of cost thereof
on file in the office of the City Clerk of the said City, according to the terms of Ordinance
 No. 142, of the City of Las Vegas, approved July 9th, 1929, the ex-officio City Assessor of the 

City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized, and directed to forthwith
 levy the special assessment in the amount hereinafter specified against the owners
and upon the lots, lands, and premises, hereinafter designated and described according
to benefits. Said special assessments shall be levied upon the taxable lots, property
and premises situate in the special assessment district, created by the terms of said
Ordinance No. 142, benefitted by said improvements proportionately to the benefits
received; provided, however, that in no case shall the said ex-officio Assessor levy
any special assessment upon any such lots, lands or premises, exceeding fifty per cent
(50%), of the value of such lots, lands or premises as last before valued and assessed
for state and County taxation in the County Tax Roll; but such costs over, and above
and exceeding that per cents shall be paid from the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. The ex-officio City Assessor shall assess the taxable lots, property
and premises situate in the special assessment district, created by the terms of said
Ordinance No. 142, benefitted by said improvements proportionately to the benefits 
received, that is to say, such ex-officio Assessor shall assess upon each lot, parallel of
land or premises such relative portion of the whole sum to be levied as shall be proportionate
 to the estimates benefit resulting to such lot, parcel of land or premises
from the said improvement.

Section 3. In levying the assessments as in this Ordinance provided, the ex-
officio Assessor shall prepare a Special Assessment Roll therefor, and after he shall
have completed the Assessment as herein provided and completed the said Special Assessment
 Roll, he shall report the same to the Board of City Commissioners as provided for
by law and upon receiving such report and Special Assessment Roll, the said  Roll