	ORDINANCE NO. 76.

	An Ordinance for the prevention and punishment of offences against the health, safety and

convenience of the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas and repealing Ordinance No. 7, entitled
"An Ordinance for the Prevention of Nuisances."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Sec. 1. No person shall throw or cause to be thrown or deposited any rubbish, garbage,
dirt, ashes, or other matter whatsoever upon the lot or premises of another, or in any street, alley,
gutter, or highway within the limits of the City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 2. No person shall permit or suffer to accumulate in or upon any stable, yard, corral,
lot place or premises occupied or controlled by him, any manure, stagnant or impure water, refuse
vegetables, garbage, decaying matter, or filth of any kind, or suffer such stably yard, corral, lot,
place or premises to remain in such a condition as to create a noisome or offensive smell or 
atmosphere.

Sec. 25. Every lot owner, occupant or agent thereof, shall keep his lot, also the alley in the
rear and the streets adjacent thereto, clean and clear of rubbish or unwhole some matter and of all
shavings, boxes, paper and other inflammable matter.

Sec. 4. No person shall bring into the City or have in his possession for sale any decayed
or damaged vegetable substance whatever.

Sec. 5. No person shall keep his yard or premises, either as owner or occupant thereof, in
an unclean or unwholesome condition, or so as to endanger the buildings thereon or other buildings to
loss or injury by fire, nor shall permit any substance to be or remain thereon which is liable to 
become injurious to the public health or offensive to the senses or to interfere with public comfort.

Sec. 6. No person shall have or maintain any hogs or hog pens within the limits of Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite or within any of the platted subdivisions of the City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 7. Any person who shall cause to exist or permit to remain upon any premises in his
control any dead decayed, putrid or unwholesome matter or thing or any matter of thing, the natural
tendency of which is to cause or spread disease, or shall place or permit to remain upon any premises
 owned or controlled by him, any inflammable material or rubbish, shall be guilty of maintaining
a nuisance.

Sec. 8. Any person who shall fail or refuse to abate any nuisance within twenty-four hours

after being notified either orally or in writing by the Mayor, a health office or police officer to

abate and remove the same, or within twenty-four hours after being arrested for permitting or 



creating the same shall be punished as herein provided.

Sec. 9. In case any person shall be convicted of maintaining or permitting a nuisance, the
Court shall, as a part of the judgment in such case, order the immediate abatement of such nuisance
by some officer of the law, and shall tax the costs thereof as costs of the proceeding in which such
person is convicted.

Sec. 10. Every sheriff, deputy sheriff, constable, deputy constable, policeman or peace
officer within the said City of Las Vegas shall have authority to arrest any person violating any of the
provisions of this ordinance, or charged with the violation thereof, and to take such person before the
Municipal Court.

Sec. 11. Every person convicted of violating any of the foregoing provisions of this ordinance
 shall be punished by a fine of not less the five dollars not more than Three Hundred Dollars or
by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding one hundred and fifty days, or by both fine and 
imprisonment.

Sec. 12. Ordinance No. 7 of the City of Las Vegas entitled: "An Ordinance for the 
prevention of nuisances, and the whole thereof, is hereby repealed.

Sec. 13. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force and operation upon and after its
passage and publication for a period of one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review.

The foregoing ordinance was adopted at a regular meeting of said Board held on September

3rd, 1919 , upon the following vote: Howard Conklin, Commissioners W. E. Arnold G. H. French and W.E. Ferron,