AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE 0F NEVADA ) ss
County of Clark )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foremen of the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of from Oct 6th to 12th inclusive
 from Oct 6th to Oct 12th inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: Oct 6-7-8-9-10-12th.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above

 named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th day of October, 1931.

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County,

Nevada.

My Commission Expires Dec. 29, 1934.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 181.



An Ordinance prohibiting loitering, picketing or displaying banners, signs or
transparencies, or speaking in the public streets in a loud and unusual tone, for certain
purposes.

WHEREAS, it is in the interest of the peace and good order of the people of the
Las Vegas that the streets of the city be kept free and unobstructed to the public and

that as far as maybe possible on use of the streets should be permitted that tends to
create disorder or to offend, embarrass or intimidate persons using the same for lawful and

proper purposes, and

WHEREAS, in regulating the use of the public streets the interest of the general
public must be regarded as paramount to those of the individuals, groups of individuals,
or organizations representing special interests however lawful and commendable in object
and purpose,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, as follows:

Section. 1 It shall be unlawful for any person, in or upon any public street, alley
or public place within the City of Las Vegas, to make any loud or unusual noise, or to
speak in a loud or unusual tone, or to cry out or proclaim, for the purpose of inducing
or influencing, or attempting to induce or influence, any person to refrain from purchasing
or using any goods, wares, merchandise or other article or articles, or for the purpose
of inducing or influencing, or attempting to induce or influence, any person to refrain
from doing or performing any service or labor in any works, factory, place of business or
employment, or for the purpose of intimidating, threatening or coercing any person who
is performing, seeking or obtaining service of labor or employment in any works, factory,
place of business or employment.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, in or upon any public street,
alley or public place within the City of Las Vegas, to loiter in front of, or in the vicinity
 of, or to picket in front of, or in the vicinity of, or to carry, show, or display
any banner, transparency or sign in front of, or in the vicinity of, any works, factory,
or any place of business or employment, for the purpose of inducing or influencing, or
attempting to induce or influence, any person to refrain from entering any such works,
or factory or place of business or employment, or for the purpose of inducing or influencing,
 or attempting to induce or influence, any person to refrain from purchasing any goods,
wares, merchandise or other articles, manufactured, made or sold or kept for sale, therein,
or for the purpose of inducing or influencing or attempting to induce or influence, any
person to refrain from doing or performing any service or labor in any works, factory,
or place of business or employment, or for the purpose of intimidating, threatening, or
coercing any person who is performing, seeking or obtaining, service, labor or employment
in any such works, factory, place of business or employment.

Section 3. Any person violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine
of not more than One Hundred Dollars ($100.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for
a period of not more than fifty (50) days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 4. WHEREAS, the immediate operation of the provisions of this Ordinance
is necessary for the preservation of the public peace, health and safety, an emergency is
hereby declared to exist and this Ordinance shall be in full force and effect from and
after its passage and approval and publication for one week (six issues) in Las Vegas
Age, a daily newspaper printed and published in Las Vegas, Nevada.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 21st day of October, 1931, upon
the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas, Hansell and His Honor the Mayor
E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

First and final reading October 21, 1931.

Approved this 21 day of October, 1931.

E. W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal).