 Affidavit of Publisher.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the

United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 30 of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached
is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one issues on the following dates to-wit
May 4th, 1912.	Chas c. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th, day of June A.D. 1912.

Harley A,. Harmon, City Clerk.

	Ordinance No. 31.

An ordinance providing for the issuance of bonds of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the
amount of Forty thousand dollars ($40,000) for the purposes of constructing a sewerage system
for said City, prescribing the form of said bonds and the interest coupons to be hereto attached
and taking provisions for the levy of a tax to pay the interest as the installments thereof fall
due and to pay the principal at maturity.

		

Whereas, pursuant to and in strict compliance with the provisions and authority of the
Constitution and Laws of the State of Nevada, including the provisions of Chapter 132 of the laws
of 1911 of the State of Nevada, being an act of the Senate and Assembly of the State of Nevada,
entitled "An act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas, in Clark County, and defining the boundaries
 thereof, an to authorize the establishing of a City government therefore, and other matters
relating thereto." approved March 16, 1911, the City of Las Vegas was authorized to issue its
bonds for the purposes of constructing a sewerage system for said City; and Whereas, pursuant to
each of the requirements of subsection 5 of section 31 of said chapter 132 of the laws of 1911
of the State of Nevada, a special election by the regular qualified electors of the City of
Las Vegas was duly called and held to determine whether or not bonds of said City in the
total sum of Forty thousand dollars ($40,000) as hereinafter described, shall be issued, notice
of which election having been first duly given strictly as therein provided, at which election
more than a majority of the votes cast were in favor of the issuance of said bonds; and Whereas

	

said bonds have been duly advertised for sale and sold to the American Light and Water Company

of Chicago, Illinois, at a price in excess of the par value thereof, they being the highest and

best bidders for said bonds; and Whereas, all conditions precedent to the lawful issuance of

said bonds have happened and been duly observed in all things strictly as required by law,

therefore, The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain. That for the

	

purposes aforesaid there shall be and there be hereby ordered and directed to be issued the

negotiable coupon bonds of said City in the aggregate amount of Forty thousand dollars ($40,000)

Said bonds shall be designated "Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds", and shall be of the denomination
of S1,000 each numbered one to forty (1—40) inclusive, dated January 1, 1912, and mature and
become payable as follows: Bonds numbered 1 to 4 inclusive shall become due and payable on or
before ten years from the date thereof, bonds numbered 5 to 8, inclusive shall become due and
payable on or before 11 years from the date thereof; bonds numbered 9, to 12 inclusive shall
become due and payable on or before 12 years from the date thereof, bonds numbered 13 to 16 inclusive
to become due and payable on or before 13 years from the date thereof: bonds numbered 17 to

20	inclusive to become due and payable on or before 14 years from the date thereof; bonds numbered

21	to 24 inclusive to become due and payable on or before 15 years from the date thereof.