	

and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than



thirty days, or by a fine of not less than $5.00 nor more than $100.00, or by both.

Read the first time February 5th, 1913.

Read the second time March 5th, 1913.

Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern, aye; and his honor the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, None
Approved this 5th, day of March A.D. 1913.	Ed. Von Tobel. Mayor pro tem.

Attest; Harley A. Harmon Clerk.

Seal

Affidavit of Publisher
@ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes any says; that he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
and that the Ordinance No. 37 of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true and
correct copy, was published in said paper one issue on the following dates to-wit; March 15th, 1913.
(SEAL)	Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2lst, day of March A.D. 1913.

Harley A. Harmon. City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 38.



An Ordinance amending section 7 and sub-division "Eleventh" of section eleven of Ordinance
No. 36. of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An ordinance Providing for the issuance of Plumbing and
sewer Connection permits, for the inspection of Plumbing and sewer connections and for the 
regulation and construction of Plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas," passed January 7, 1913.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section seven of the above entitled ordinance is hereby amended so as to read as
follows:

section 7. All soil and waste pipes to a point three feet outside the exterior wall of the
building shall be cast iron, not less than four inches internal diameter, and shall be carried



in undiminished size up to the highest point of the roof or fire walls, in all new work, and in an
old building when it is impractical to reach the highest point of the roof, to a point
as nearly central of the lot and as high as practical, as designated in writing by the plumbing
Inspector, and shall not terminate within eight feet of any window, air shaft or opening of any
house or building and the same shall be further removed if the inspecting officer shall consider
it necessary. Provided, however, that in all plumbing or house drainage work installed prior to
the passage of this ordinance, and which in all other respects complies with the provisions of this
Ordinance, it shall not be necessary to carry soil or waste pipes to the highest point of the
roof or fire walls or for venting purposes in the manner provided in this section or other portions
of this ordinance, where the combined venting area of the vent pipes extending to the highest point
of the roof or fire walls from separate fixtures shall equal the venting area of the soli or

waste pipe, as above provided for in this section. All drains outside of the building and to the
street sewer or cesspool shall be first grade vitrified pipe, or cast iron pipe, internal diameter