refinery, any plant for the storage of more than 2200 gallons of oil, gasoline, coal oil
or other petroleum product or products, cannery, winery, fertilizer factory, carpet
beating establishments, public hay barn, mattress factory, rock crusher, lumber yard,
public laundry or wash house, any plant for the manufacture of shoe blackening, insect
poison or exterminator, tar roofing or water proofing, rubber or gutta percha, creosote,
stove polish, paint, shellac, varnish, vinegar, storage batteries, gelatine or sizing,
lampblack, peroxylin, tar asphalt, disinfectants, printing ink, sulphuric acid, nitric
acid, hydrochloric acid, yeast, soda, dye-stuffs, brich, steel tanks, tile or terra
cotta; any stone yard, monument works asphalt, refinery, ice plant, ice storage house
of more than five tons capacity, potash works, tar distillation, wool pulling or scouring,
 crematory, mortuary; and plant for the distillation of bonds, coal or wood, wrecked
automobile storage yard, building material storage yard, milk distributing station,
plating works, curing or storage of raw hides or skins, bottling works; carting, express,
hauling or storage yard; contractor's plant or storage yard; cooperage works, oiled, rubber
 or leather goods factory, coal, coke or wood yard, acetylene gas manufacture or
storage, bakery, wholesale, employing more than five people, wholesale poultry house,
bowling alley above ground level, burlap manufacture or bag cleaning, ammonia, bleaching
powder, chlorine manufacture, boiler works, any kind of manufacture or treatment other
than the manufacture of treatment of products purely incidental to the conduct of a
retail business conducted on the premises, provided such industrial use occupies more
than 20 per cent of the floor space of the buildings on such premises; any trade industry
 or use that is noxious or offensive by reason of the emission of odor, dust,
smoke or noise; provided, however, that the provisions of this Section shall not apply
to any works, factory, or establishment of any of the kinds or varieties in this Section
enumerated where such works, factory, or establishment is now being maintained, operated
or carried on at the time of the adoption of this Ordinance.

Section 111. This Ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and
publication as hereinafter authorized.

Section IV. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance
 published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of one week (six issues).

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for a first time at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 26th day of October, 1931, and was passed upon second reading November 4th, 1931
on the following vote: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin
voting aye. Noes none.

Approved this 4th day of November 1931.

E. W. Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal).

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss
County of Clark )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; That he is foreman of the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was. continuously published in said newspaper for a period of six days, from Nov 6th to
12th inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Nov
6-7-9-10-11-12

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th day of December, 1931.

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in end for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires, Dec 28 1934
(Notarial Seal)