hereby directed immediately upon the passage of this Ordinance to make such special assessment
according to frontage and he is hereby directed to assess the sum of Two thousand four hundred and 
three ($2403.00) Dollars, the same being the amount hereby determined necessary to cover the cost
of such improvement. From the date of the approval of the assessment roll the special assessment
 shall constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land assessed.

Section 6. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 7th, day of January, 1914, and read for the second
time and passed at its regular meetings held on the 4th day of February, 1914 by the following vote
to-wit; Commissioner Griffith, Curtiss, Sullivan, and his honor the Mayor voting aye, Noes, None.

(SEAL) Approved this 4th, day of February A.D. 1914. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.	

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

State of Nevada )

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No, 55 of the City of Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, was continuously published in said newspaper
for the period of one week on the 7th day of February 1914, inclusive, being the Issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: February 7th, 1914. That said newspaper was regularly
circulated and issued on each of the above dates mentioned.	

Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th, day of March, A.D. 1914.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 56.

  An Ordinance creating a Board of cemetery Trustees, providing for the appointment of members
thereof, defining their powers and duties and other matters relating thereto.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:
Section 1. That a Board of Cemetery Trustees be and the same is hereby created, to consist
of six members, to be divided into three classes; those in the first class to hold their office
for one year;  those in the second class for two years, and those in the third class for three	

years. The membership of such Board of Trustees snail be appointed by the Board of City Commissioners 
at the first regular or special meeting held by said Board of City Commissioners after
this ordinance taxes effect, and two Trustees shall be appointed in each class. To be eligible
to such office the person appointed as Trustee must be a bona fide resident of the City of Las
Vegas and a citizen of the United States (male or female) over the age of twenty one years.

Such Trustee may be removed from office as other appointive officers of the City of Las Vegas.



In case of the death, removal from office or resignation of any trustee the Board of City Commissioners
 shall as soon as possible thereafter appoint a successor to fill the unexpired term of the
office becoming vacant. The term of office of the members of the Board first appointed shall begin
to run from the date of such appointment, and they shall hold office for the respective terms
for which they are appointed and until their successors are appointed and qualify. Upon the
expiration of the term of office of any trustee it shall be the duty of the Board of City Commissioners

 at the next regular or special meeting held thereafter to appoint a new trustee to fill such