"Section 10a. Every license fee required hereunder which is not paid within a period
of fifteen days from the time the same becomes due and payable is hereby declared to be 
delinquent and the City Clerk shall thereupon add to said license fee and collect, before
issuing such license a penalty of ten per cent of such license fee so delinquent (but not
in any case less than fifty cents) and such penalty may also be recovered in any civil
action brought in the name of the City of Las Vegas for the recovery of the amount of
license tax imposed by this ordinance. Provided, however, that the City Clerk during each
current Quarter, at least ten days before the next succeeding quarter, shall deposit in
the United States Post Office at Las Vegas, Nevada, postage prepaid thereon a written or 
printed notice directed to each person appearing upon the license tax roll for the current
quarter calling attention to the fact that the license fee for the next succeeding quarter
will be due at the time provided in this ordinance and of the amount thereof, if readily
ascertainable, and that the penalty herein provided will be exacted unless raid within
the time required by this ordinance. Said City Clerk shall also within ten days after the
first day of such succeeding quarter mail a written or printed notice to each person,
appearing upon the license tax roll for said preceding quarter, who has not paid such
license fee, notifying them that unless said license fee is paid within fifteen days after
the first day of such quarter such penalty will be collected in addition to the licences
fee. Proof of actual receipt of any such notice stall in no case be required."

Section 2. The adoption of this Ordinance shall in no way effect any prosecution
now pending for the violation of said Section 10a.

Section 3. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately after its
passage and publication as hereinafter authorized.

Section 4. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a
period of one week (six issues).

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the
11th day of August, 1932 and was passed upon second reading September 8, 1932 on the
following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin
voting aye. Noes none.

Approved this 8th day of September, 1932.

E. W. Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
By Mary Taylor
Deputy.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA )SS
County of Clark )

C. P. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 192 of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, was published in said newspaper for a period of one week,
from September 9, 1332, to September 15, 1932 inclusive, being the issues of said 
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: September 9, 10, 11, 13, 14, 15, 1932. That said
newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the
legal charge for publishing the same was $

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th day of Sept. 1932

C. D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

(Notarial Seal.)