on this 22 day of April, 1931.

Section Xll

The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance published in
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
for a period of one week (six issues).

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the frist time at a recessed
 regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the
22 day of April, 1931 and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon second reading on said 
last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

Approved this 22 day of April, 1931.

J. F. Hesse,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week, every day from
April 23, 1931 to April 30, 1931 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: April 23-24-25-27-20-29-30, 1931. That said newspaper was 
regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named;

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th day of April 1931.

	A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires 1/12/35.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 169.

An Ordinance to amend Section 3 of Ordinance No. 166 of the City of Las Vegas.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 3 of Ordinance No. 166 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An
Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the erection, construction, enlargement,
alteration, repair, moving, removal, demolition, conversion, occupancy, equipment, use,
height, area, and maintenance of all building and/or structures in the City of Las Vegas;
providing for the issuance of Permits and collection of fees, therefor; providing penalties
for the violation thereof; declaring and establishing Fire Zones; Repealing Ordinances Nos.
144-27-59-61 and 72 of the City of Las Vegas and all other Ordinances and parts of 
ordinances in conflict therewith," be and the same is hereby amended so that the same shall
read as follows:

Section 3. That, the entire incorporated area of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
declared to be and is hereby established as Fire District and said Fire District shall
be known and designated as Fire Zones 2 and 3, and each of such zone shall include such

	territory or portions of said City as illustrated, outlined and designated on a certain

	map on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and

designated as "Fire Zones of the City of Las Vegas, as amended in connection with Ordinance

 No. 169 of said City of Las Vegas for the application of the regulations included in
the "Uniform Building Code, 1930 Edition, published May, 1930, by Pacific Coast Building
Official's Conference."

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and 
publication as hereinafter authorized and this Ordinance is passed as an emergency ordinance
under the provisions of a Resolution adopted by the Board of City Commissioners on this
4th day of June, 1931.

Section 3. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have Ordinance
published in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a
period of one week, (6 issues).

I hereby verify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a regular
 meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the 4th
day of June, 1931, and passed as an emergency ordinance upon second reading on said last
mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners German, Mundy, Hansell and Thomas and

His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting Aye. Noes None.