ORDINANCE NO. 107

An Ordinance to Prevent the Permitting of Minors to Visit Houses of 
Ill-fame or Gambling Houses; Regulating other Matters Pertaining Thereto; 
Providing a Penalty for the Violation of this Ordinance; and Repealing All 
Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as follows:

1.	It shall be unlawful for any proprietor, keeper, person in charge of or employe
of a house of ill-fame or gambling house to allow or permit any minor to visit or
be present in any house of ill-fame or gambling house in the City of Las Vegas.

2.	The words "Keeper" and "Proprietor" shall mean and include persons, firms,
associations, corporations, clubs and co-partnerships, whether acting by
themselves or a servant, agent or employee.

3.	If any person, firm, association or corporation having a license to do
business in the City of Las Vegas, shall be found guilty of a violation of any
of the provisions of this ordinance, upon presentation to the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas of a certified copy of such record

of judgment or conviction, the said Board of City Commissioners shall revoke
such license and no license shall be issued by the City of Las Vegas to such
person, or for his benefit, directly or indirectly for a period of one (1) year.

4. If the licensee shall be a corporation, partnership or association, the
conviction of any officer, agent, member or employee of such corporation,
partnership or association of the violation of this Ordinance shall be deemed to
be a conviction of the corporation, partnership or association and the license of
such corporation, partnership or association shall be revoked as herein before
provided and shall not be renewed for the period of time hereinbefore provided for.

	5. Any person who shall "violate any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be

guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not less than ten
($10.00) Dollars nor more than three hundred ($300.00) dollars, or imprisoned
in the City Jail at the rate of not exceeding one day for each two dollars of
such fine in case such fine is not paid, or by imprisonment in the City Jail
not exceeding six months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

6.	All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.

7.	This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption
and publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a, weekly
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

8.	The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas is
hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 107 published in
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for
one week (one issue).

Passed and adopted this 3rd day of June, A. D. 1924, by the following
vote: Commissioners Shield, Anderson, Elwell, and his Honor the Mayor,
voting aye. Noes, none.

First Reading May 20th 1924.

Second Reading June 3rd, 1924

W. C. German.

Mayor. 

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty

Clerk