ORDINANCE NO. 81

An Ordinance to Amend Section seven (7) of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled:

"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the purpose of regulation and revenue
every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the corporate
limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada; fixing the rates of license tax upon the same
and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conducting
 any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14 and 35",
approved December 3,1913, and amended Dec. 13, 1915 by Ordinance No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas
and further amended March 5,1919, by ordinance No. 74 of the City of Las Vegas, and to amend section
6 of said ordinance No. 48 as created by said ordinance No. 74, and repealing all ordinances or parts
of ordinances in conflict therewith:

The BOARD OP COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section six (6) of said ordinance No. 48 as created by said ordinance No. 74, is
hereby amended so as to read as follows:

Section 6. Every person, who at a fixed place of business in the City of Las Vegas, sells
any goods, wares or merchandise, drugs or medicines, jewelry, or wares, or precious metals, whether
on commission or otherwise, must obtain from the City Clerk, for each branch of his business, a
license and must pay quarterly therefor an amount of money to be determined by the class in which
such person is placed by the City Clerk; such business to be classified and regulated by the
amount of the average monthly sales made at the rates as follows:

(A). Where the average monthly sales are under the sum of Five Hundred Dollars, the sum of
Three Dollars per quarter.

(B). Where the average monthly sales are Five Hundred Dollars and over, but are under One
Thousand Dollars, the sum of Six Dollars per quarter.

(C). Where the average monthly sales are One Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Fifteen
Hundred Dollars, the sum of Nine Dollars per quarter.

(D). Where the average monthly sales are Fifteen Hundred Dollars and over, but are under
Two Thousand Dollars, the sum of Twelve Dollars per quarter.

(E).	Where the average monthly sales are Two Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Three
Thousand Dollars, the sum of Fifteen Dollars per quarter.

(F)	Where the average monthly sales are Three Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Five
Thousand Dollars, the sum of Eighteen Dollars per quarter.

(G)	Where the average monthly sales are Five Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Eight
Thousand Dollars, the sum of Twenty-one Dollars per quarter.

(H)	Where the average monthly sales are Eight Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Twelve
Thousand Dollars, the sum of Twenty-four Dollars per quarter.

(I)	Where the average monthly sales are Twelve Thousand Dollars and over, but are under
Eighteen Thousand Dollars, the sum of Twenty-seven dollars per quarter.

(J)	Where the average monthly sales are Eighteen Thousand dollars and over, but are under
Twenty-five Thousand Dollars, the sum of Thirty Dollars per quarter.

(K)	Where the average monthly sales are Twenty-five thousand dollars and over, the sum of
Thirty-five dollars per quarter.

Section 2. Section seven (7) of the above entitled ordinance No. 48 as heretofore amended
is hereby amended so as to read as follows:

Section 7. The rates of license tax for the businesses, trades, occupations and employments
hereinafter named are hereby fixed in and for the City of Las Vegas, and the same shall be paid
by any person engaged in or carrying on the same in said City, as follows:

(1)	For each restaurant--------------------------------------$5.00	per	quarter.

(2)	For  each steam or power laundry......................  $10.00	per	quarter.

(3)	For	 each hand laundry employing one or more persons ..........$2.50	per	quarter