Approved this 4 day of September, 1930.

J. F. Hesse
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns.

City Clerk.

(City Seal).

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
County of Clark)

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher
of Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
No. 162 was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of three issues from
Sept. 6 to Sept. 11 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit Sept. 6, 9 and 11 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the charge for publishing the same was $48.00.

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of Sept. 1930.

C. D. Breeze.

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1931.

(Notarial Seal)

	ORDINANCE NO. 163.

	An Ordinance creating the office of City Engineer, providing for the appointment

 or such officer, defining his powers and duties as such officer and fixing his compensation
and other matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. The office of City Engineer of the City of Las Vegas is hereby created,
such officer to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are specified in the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas, or such of said powers and/or duties as may be specified
 in the Resolution making the appointment of such office.

Section 2. The City Engineer shall be appointed by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas and shall hold office at the pleasure of such Board. In making
such appointment the said Board of City Commissioners shall specify which and such of the
powers and duties as are specified for such office in the City Charter shall be had and
performed by him. The City Engineer shall receive such compensation as may from time to
time be fixed by Resolution of said Board of City Commissioners. Said City Engineer may
be allowed such deputies, assistants or clerks, as in the judgment of the Board of City
Commissioners may be necessary, the compensation of such deputies, assistants and/or
clerks to be fixed and determined from time to time by the said Board of City Commissioners.

Setion 3. This Ordinance shall take effect and be inforce from and after its
passage and adoption and publication for one week, (3 issues) in Las Vegas Age, a tri-
weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 6 day of September 1930, upon the following vote,
Commissioners German, and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.
First reading August 29, 1930.

Second reading September 6, 1930.

Approved this 6 day of September, 1930.

_____J. F. Hesse. —

Mayor.

attest:

Viola Burns.

City Clerk.

(City Seal).