 	ORDINANCE No. 90

 An Ordinance to amend Section six (6) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled:

"An ordinance regulating travel and traffic upon the Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada"
as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No. 86 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled ''An Ordinance to amend
Section six (6) and to Repeal Section seven (7) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
'An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic upon the Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada 
"also to amend Sections twenty (20) and twenty-two (22) of said Ordinance No. 66, and to add three
new sections to said Ordinance No. 66 to be known as Sections 34a, 35a and 36a respectively, by way
of amendment and to repeal all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section six (6) of said Ordinance No. 66, as amended by Section 1 of said ordinance
No. 86 is hereby amended so as to read as follows:

"Section 6. It shall be unlawful for any person to ride or drive, or cause to be ridden or
driven, any horse or other animal; or to ride, drive or propel, or cause to be ridden, driven or
propelled, any vehicle at a rate of speed greater than fifteen miles per hour in, upon or along the
public highways, streets, roads, alleys, lanes, avenues, boulevards, strips, paths or squares within
the limits of the City of Las Vegas, except on streets in the Schoolhouse District, hereby defined
to be that portion of Fourth and Fifth streets between Clark and Bridger Streets, and that portion
of Clark, Lewis, and Bridger Streets between Fourth and Fifth Streets, all in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite
in said City of Las Vegas, in which said district such speed limit shall be six (6) miles per
hour and no more".

Section 2. Section 20 of said Ordinance No. 66 is hereby amend ed so as to read as follows:

"Section 20. The driver of any vehicle crossing from one side of any street to the other
side thereof, shall make such crossing by turning to the left so as to head in the direction in which
the traffic is moving on the side of the street toward which the crossing is made, and such crossing
shall not be made within the limits of any block, but only at the street corners."

Section 15. Section 22 of said Ordinance No. 66 is hereby amended so as to read as follows:

"Section 22. It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle to stop the same, or cause
the same to be stopped in or upon any street unless the wheels of such vehicle nearest the curb are
not more than two feet and not less than ten inches; distant from such curb, so as to allow water and
refuse to flow freely in and to not clog the gutter next such curb, and unless such vehicle shall
stand headed toward such curb at an angle of riot more than forty-five degrees in relating to such
curb; provided, however, that the provisions of this section shall not apply in case of emergency,
or when such stop is made for the purpose of allowing another vehicle or pedestrian to pass in
front of such vehicle so stopped, or in compliance with an order or signal from a police officer."

Section 4. Said ordinance No. 66 is hereby amended by adding thereto a new Section to be
known as Section 34a, as follows:

Sec. 34a. It shall be unlawful for any person to permit any auto truck or any automobile
to remain upon Fremont Street, Carson Street or Ogden Street between Main Street and Fourth Street
or upon Main Street, First Street, Second Street, Third Street or Fourth Street between Carson and
Ogden Streets, in said Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in said City of Las Vegas during the period from
12:01o'clock A.M. to 6:00 o'clock A.M. of any day unless the same be an auto truck or automobile
  of a physician or surgeon actually at the time engaged in his duties as such, or unless the same
be a taxi cab with a driver present and in charge and such taxi cab having a lamp attached to the
rear thereof showing a red light as provided in Section 2 of this Ordinance No. 66.

Section 5. Said Ordinance No. 66 is hereby amended by adding thereto a new Section to
be known as Section 35a, as follows:

Section 35a. It shall be unlawful for any person to park or allow to remain upon any
street in the business district of the City of Las Vegas, as described and referred to in Section 1
of Ordinance No. 66, as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No. 69 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled:

"An Ordinance amending Sections 1 and 9 of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An
ordinance regulating travel and traffic upon the public streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,'