made.

Section 2. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after the 31st day of December,
1913, and after the passage thereof shall be published for a period of one week (one issue) in
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas. I hereby certify	that

the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting of the Board of City

Commissioners held on the 1st day of October, 1913 and read for the second time and passed at
its meeting on the 5th day of November, 1913, upon the following vote, to-wit: Commissioners
Griffith, Curtiss, Smith, and Sullivan and the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, voting aye. Noes, None.

Approved this 3rd day of December, 1913. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

(SEAL) Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

State of Nevada)

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 50 of the City of

Las Vegas was continuously	published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 6th, day

of December, 1913, inclusive, being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:- 
December 6th, 1913. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named.			Chas. P. Squires.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd, day of January A.D. 1914.

Henry M. Lillis. Notary Public.



Ordinance No. 51.

An ordinance prohibiting dogs from running at large in the streets, alleys or public places
of the City of Las Vegas and repealing Ordinance No. 19, entitled "An Ordinance amending Ordinance
No. 12 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance providing for the collection of a dog
license or tax" and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as Follows:

Section, It shall be unlawful for any male or female dog of any age whatsoever to run at large
in any of the streets, alleys or public grounds of the City of Las Vegas.

Section, 2. It shall be the duty of the City Marshall, any police officer, special policeman
or watchman of the City of Las Vegas, and each and all of them, when any dog is found loose or at
large upon any of the streets, alleys or public grounds of the City of Las Vegas, to immediately
kill such dog at the place where found, or capture and secure such dog at the place where found
or capture and secure such dog and remove it to a convenient place, and there immediately kill
such dog, as under the circumstances of the case be most expedient.

Section, Any person who allows any dog owned by him or under his control, to run at large
in the streets, alleys, or public grounds of the City of Las Vegas, in violation of any of the
provisions of this ordinance, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor; and upon conviction thereof
shall be fined in any sum not less than ten dollars nor more than one hundred dollars for each and
every such offence.

Section 4. Ordinance No. 19, entitled "An ordinance amending Ordinance No. 12, of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance providing for the collection of a dog license or tax,"
and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 5. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and

publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the