provided, however, that every persons who vends or peddles vegetables, berries, or fruit,
shall pay a license tax of Twenty five ($25.00) dollars per year, or for any part or portion
of a year. In cases where persons are engaged in such occupation for less then one month
they shall pay a license of Five ($5.00) dollars per day for each day or part of a day or
night while so engaged, and when obtaining a license such person shall state the number of
days foe which they shall require the same, which shall be inserted therein by the City Clerk
and on the expiration thereof they shall, before engaging further in such occupation, procure
a new license; provided, that every traveling merchant, hawker or vendor, street faker or
advertiser, who advertises goods, wares or merchandise of any kind by music, singing or dancing
jugglery, tricks, sleight of hand, buffoonery, gymnastics or any spectacular display, show
or performance or by speeches or oratory, or by any performance upon the streets calculated to
draw or collect a crowd of people about those calling or advertising wares as aforesaid, shall
pay a license tax of twenty five ($25.00) dollars per day; provided further, that this section
shall not apply to any farmer, who vends or peddles vegetables, berries or fruit raised or
grown by him on land owned or rented by him in the county of Clark. Provided further, that
the obtaining of a license to do any of the things or for any business in this Ordinance
specified, shall not authorize or empower the holder of such license to do any thing which is
now or may hereafter be made unlawful by any ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, or other Law
applicable thereto.

Section 3. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after the 31st day of
December A.D. 1915, and its passage and publication for one week (one week) one issue in
the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and
designated by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas as the official 
Newspaper for said City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a regular
meeting of the City Commissioners held on the 3rd, day of November, A.D. 1915. and read for
the second reading on the 1st day of December A.D. 1915. and passed by the following Vote

to-wit; Commissioners Elwell, No, Matzdorf, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the



Mayor Voting aye. W.E. Hawkins.

Attest; Harley A. Harmon. Clerk.	Approved W.E. Hawkins. Mayor.

Affidavits of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas of which the above is a true
and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue on the following dates to-wit. December
4th, 1915.

		

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 31st day of December A.D. 1915.

(seal). 		Harley A. Harmon, Clerk