First Reading November 7th 1929.

Final reading December 5th 1929.

Approved this 5th day of December 1929.

 J. B. Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
County of Clark)

A. E. Cahlan, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: That he is editor of the Las
Vegas Evening Review and Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed, and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of every day for one week from
December 7th to December 13th, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: Dec. 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13. That said newspaper was regularly
issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed A. E. Cahlan.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th day of December 1929.

Frank A. Stevens

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 151.

An Ordinance Empowering, Authorizing and Directing the Ex-officio City Assessor
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, To Levy A Special Assessment
To Defray The Costs of Making Certain Improvements In the City of Las Vegas, By Grading
For And Construction of Asphaltic Concrete Pavements Durite Process On Certain Streets
And Portions of Streets In said City, According to the Plats, Diagrams and estimates of
Cost hereof On File the Office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas; Describing
Definitely the Location of Said Improvements, Stating the Amounts of Said assessment,

And Designating the Lots, Lands And Premises To Be Assessed According To Benefits: Providing
For The Issuance of Special Assessment Bonds For The Payment Thereof, And Other
Matters Relating Thereto.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain, as Follows;

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the costs of making certain improvements
in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and constructing Asphaltic Concrete Pavements
Durite Process, according to the plats, diagrams, and estimates of cost heretofore prepared,
and adopted by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and on
file in the office of the City Clerk of said City, according to the terms of Ordinance
No. 149 of the City of Las Vegas, approved December 5th, 1929, the Ex-Officio Assessor of
the City of Las Vegas, is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to forthwith levy
the special assessment in the amount hereinafter specified, against the owners and upon
the lots, lands and premises, hereinafter designated and described according to benefits.
Said special assessment shall be levied upon the taxable lots, lands, and premises, hereinafter
designated and described according to benefits. Said special assessment shall be
levied upon the taxable lots, property and premises situate in the special assessment
district, created by the terms of Ordinance No. 149. benefited by said improvements 
proportionately to the benefits received; provided, however, that in no case shall the 
Ex-Officio assessor levy any special assessment upon any such lots, lands and premises 
exceeding fifty per cent (50%), of the value of such lots, lands and premises, as last 
before valued and assessed for State and County taxation in the County Tax Roll; but such

costs over and above and exceeding that per cent shall be paid from the General Fund of

the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. The Ex-Officio City Assessor shall assess the taxable lots, property
and premises situate in the special assessment district, created by the terms of said
Ordinance No. 149, benefitted by said improvements proportionately to the benefits 
received, that is to say, such Ex-Officio Assessor shall assess upon each lot, parcel of
land or premises such relative, portion of the whole sum to be levied as shall be 
proportionate to the estimated benefit resulting to such lot, parcel of land or premises
from said improvement.

Section 3. In levying the assessments as in this ordinance provided, the Ex-Officio
Assessor shall prepare a Special Assessment Roll therefor, and after he shall have completed
the assessment as herein provided and completed the said Special Assessment Roll,

he shall report the same to the Board of City Commissioners as provided for by law and
and upon receiving such report and Special Assessment Roll, the said Roll shall be
numbered and filed in the office of the City Clerk, and the Board of City Commissioners

notice thereof to be published for at least two weeks in some newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas, of the filing of the same with the City Clerk, and
appointing a time when the Board of City Commissioners and the Ex-Officio assessor will
meet to review the assessment, and any person objecting thereto may be heard, or any
person objecting to the assessments, may file his or hers objection thereto in writing
with the City Clerk.

Section 4. At the time appointed for the purpose of reviewing said assessments
and considering any objections thereto made at said time or filed in writing, the Board
of City Commissioners and said Ex-Officio Assessor shall meet and then or at some adjourned
meeting, review said assessments, and will hear any objections to said assessments
which have been made or filed as aforesaid by any person deeming himself aggrieved thereby
and will decide upon the same as to ay assessment, or description of the of the premises,