Section 8. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict with the
provisions of this ordinance are hereby repealed.

This ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication
as hereinafter authorized.

Section 9. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this
ordinance published in Las Vegas Age a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas for a period of one week (six issues).

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time
at a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 6th day of July, 1931, and was passed upon second reading on August 4, 1931
on the following vote: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin

Voting aye. Noes none.

Viola Burns

City Clerk

Approved this 4th day of August, 1931

(City Seal)

E. W. Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )SS
County of Clark )

C P. Squires, being duly sworn, disposes and says: That he is publisher of the Las
Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached

Ordinance No. 172 of the City of Las Vegas

was published in said newspaper for a period of One week (six issues) from August 6,

1931 to August 12, 1931 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates to-wit: August 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 12, 1931

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the legal charge for publishing the same was $86.35.

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th day of Sept. 1931.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)

Ordinance No. 173.



 An Ordinance to prohibit excavating, grading, paving, leveling, repairing,
sidewalking, crosswalking, or filling in any public street, highway, avenue or alley
within the City limits, without first obtaining a written permit to do so and giving
a bond to replace the street in proper condition within the time specified in such permit;
 to provide a penalty for the violation thereof, and to repeal Ordinance No. 37
of said City, and all Ordinances, and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Permit. No person, firm, association, or corporation shall excavate,
grade, pave, repair, sidewalk, crosswalk or fill in, in any public street, highway, avenue,
 or alley within the City Limits of the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining
a written permit to do so from the Street Superintendent of the City of Las Vegas; which
permit shall state the time within which such excavating, grading, paving, leveling,
repairing, sidewalking, crosswalking, or filling shall be done.

Section 2. Bond. Any person, firm, association, or corporation obtaining a permit
 for any of the purposes designated in Section 1 of this Ordinance shall, before renewing
 or in any manner changing the surface of the street, highway, avenue, or alley,
execute to the City of Las Vegas, a bond, to be approved by the Street Superintendent
of the City of Las Vegas, in such sum as shall be designated by said Street Superintendent
 as necessary for the proper protection of said City, conditioned that the obligors
of said bond will pay to the City of Las Vegas the amount of said bond, should the person
 obtaining such permit fail, neglect or refuse to complete the excavating, grading,
paving, leveling, repairing, sidewalking, crosswalking, or filling in the public street,
highway, avenue, or alley, for which such permit was obtained, within the time stated
in said permit, or fail, neglect or refuse to restore the street, highway, avenue, or
alley in proper condition to the satisfaction of said Street Superintendent after the
work provided for in said permit has been finished, and to keep the same in such condition
 for at least six months thereafter, reasonable wear thereof excepted, refilling
any such excavation during such time, whenever and wherever it may sink or settle below
 the surface of the street, alley sidewalk, highway, avenue, or place, and without
notice to do so from the Street Commissioner; provided, however, that instead of special
 bonds to cover particular work any person, firm association, or corporation intending
 to made excavations in the public streets, alleys, or any public places in the
City of Las Vegas may make and maintain with the City of Las Vegas a general bond in
the sum of Two Thousand Dollars, which said general bond shall be conditioned and used

for the same purpose as the special bond hereinbefore described in this Section, covering 
all work to be done instead of any particular piece of work; and while such general