by the Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada of the business of so furnishing
gas to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas by said grantee and his assigns.

Section 5. This Franchise shall not be construed to authorize the grantee, or his
assigns, to use or to acquire any rights in, any of the streets, alleys or public grounds
of the City of Las Vegas inconsistent with the future legitimate use of such streets,
alleys or public grounds by said City of Las Vegas, nor shall the grant hereby made
operate in itself nor by lapse of time or by the expenditure of money by grantee, or his
assigns, as an estoppel against said City of Las Vegas in any respect whatsoever. Nor
shall this Franchise be construed as a grant of any right or privilege adverse to the
rights of any abutting owner or owners of property along any of the streets, alleys or
public grounds where said pipes, mains, appliances or appurtenances may be placed or
maintained by said grantee, or his assigns, nor to establish any rights in the grantee,
or his assigns, contrary to or inconsistent with the right of the original dedicators of
said streets, alleys or public grounds, or their assigns.

Section 6. That in case the said grantee, or his assigns, discontinue, refuse or
neglect to manufacture and supply gas to the said City or its inhabitants, insofar as
permitted by said Public Service Commission to do so, at any time for and during the term
of six months at any one time after the period hereinafter prescribed for the completion
of the gas plant and the commencement of furnishing of gas to the inhabitants of said City
then this ordinance and franchise shall be null and void, and the City Commissioners may
order the removal of the mains, pipes, appliances and appurtenances, so installed, laid
down or placed by said grantee, or his assigns, in, through, over, across, under or along
the public streets, alleys or public grounds of said City of Las Vegas, and may declare
the same a public nuisance; provided, that before this ordinance and franchise shall
become null and void, or any action taken as in this paragraph provided, the Board of
Commissioners shall first give to said grantee, or his assigns, thirty days notice in
writing to comply with the provisions of this paragraph.

Section 7. Within six months after the passage of this Ordinance the said grantee,
or his assigns, shall file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a plat
of the mains proposed to be laid, showing proposed location and position thereof.

Section 8. The work of installing, and laying down of said mains and pipes shall be
commenced within six months after the passage of this Ordinance, and said work shall be
completed and the gas plant be in operation and furnishing gas to the inhabitants of the
City of Las Vegas within one year after the passage of this Ordinance.

Section 9. The privileges hereby granted to said grantee shall inure to the benefit
of said grantee, and his assigns, for the period of fifty years from and after the passage
 of this Ordinance; provided, said grantee shall not be entitled to assign this
franchise or any rights thereunder without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners
of said City first had and obtained in writing, except that permission is hereby given to
said grantee to assign this Franchise to a corporation to be organized by said grantee;
and in the event of such assignment the provisions hereinbefore made against assignment
without written consent shall thereafter apply to said corporation, and to its successors
and assigns.

Section 10. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage and publication and acceptance, and the grantee herein shall pay the expense of
publishing the same. This Ordinance shall be published for one week in Las Vegas Evening
Review, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas. Acceptance hereof by said
grantee shall be filed in writing with the City Clerk of said City within thirty days
from the date, of passage of this Ordinance.

Passed and adopted on the 2nd day of May 1929, the vote on said Ordinance being as
follows: Commissioners Smith, German and Mayor Pro tem Mundy voting aye. Noes, None.

First reading April 15, 1929. Second reading May 2, 1929.

Approved May 2nd, 1929.

J. F. Hesse
Mayor

Attest:	

Wm M. Scott_____________

City Clerk.

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA, )

) ss.

County of Clark,)

A. E. Cahlan, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is editor of the

LAS VEGAS REVIEW, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No.

136 was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of every day for one week
from May 7 to May 13 inc, 1929 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: May 7, 8, 9,10, 11, 13, 1929 That said newspaper was regularly

issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed ____A. E. Cahlan

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of May, 1929.	

C. D. Breeze____________________

My commission Expires Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

May 26, 1931