	Ordinance No. 27.

	

An ordinance Fixing the Fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction
and the keeping and storage of combustibles and explosives.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That all that portion of the City of Las Vegas embraced within the limits of Blocks
 Nos. 2,3,14,15,16, and lots numbering 11-22 inclusive in block 18 and lots numbers 1-12 inclusive in
block No. 19, all in Clarks Las Vegas Townsite, Clark County, Nevada according to the official and
recorded plat of the survey thereof, shall be hereafter known as the fire limits of the City of
Las Vegas. Section 2. No building, shed, stable, feed yard or out building of any description
or any part of any such building, shed, stable, barn, feed yard or outbuilding of any description,
shall be erected within said limits, except as otherwise hereinafter provided, unless all the 
outside walls and party walls thereof shall be built of stone, concrete, brick or adobe, and all 
wooden joists, beams or other wooden timbers placed in the outside or party walls shall be separated
from each other at least four inches, with stone or brick laid in mortar or by concrete or adobe
and all wooden lintels or plate pieces placed in front, rear or side walls, shall recede from
the outside of the walls at least two and one half inches, or when they shall not so recede shall
be covered, with fire-proof material. All outside, end and party fire walls of any brick, stone
concrete or adobe building shall extend above the roof of s aid building at least two feet and the
planking or sheeting of any such roof shall not exceed across the fire wall of such building,
shed, stable, barn, feed yard or other out-building of any description.

Section 3, All roofs and gutters hereafter placed on any brick, stone, concrete or adobe
building, shed, stable, barn, feed yard or other outbuilding of any description already erected
or to be erected within the fire limits, shall be covered on the outside surface with metal,
slate, tile, concrete or composition fireproof material, and all wooden cornices placed

upon any such buildings shall be covered with like fire proof material and shall be separated
from the wooden cornices or other wooden part of any adjacent structure by a brick or other
fire-proof partition of at least four inches, and any of the outer timbers or wood work of any such
structure shall not connect with any of the interior timbers or wood work.

Section 4. No such structure or any part of such wooden structure within the fire limits
shall be erected, nor shall any such wooden structure, or any part of the same within the fire
limits be removed to any other place within the same, nor shall any such structure, or any part
of such structure, be removed within the fire limits from without the same.

Section 5. No such wooden structure within the fire limits which may become damaged to the
extent of fifty per cent of the value thereof by fire, decay or other causes or by any or all
of said causes combined, shall be repaired or rebuilt, nor shall any such structure when the 
damage thereof is less then fifty per cent of its value be so repaired as to be raised higher than
the highest point left standing after such damage shall have occurred, or so as to be in better
condition or state of repair then before such damage, or so as to occupy a greater space than
before the injury thereto.

In the event of a dispute between the owner and the Board of City Commissioners as to the
amount of damages caused to any said building by fire or other casualty or by said dispute

shall be determined by arbitration of competent mechanics the owner to select one arbitrator,
the Board of city Commissioners the other. They shall select a third, and the decision of the
majority shall be final and conclusive; all expenses of the arbitration to be paid by the party
gainst whom the decision shall be rendered.

Sections 6. Nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to prohibit the erection of
 coal houses and privies provided they are detached from other buildings and not of a size to

exceed 10 feet wide by 12 feet long and 8 feet sides.


	Section 7. Any such wooden structure or part of the same, which may be erected, enlarged or