nor more than Fifty Dollars for each offence, or by in the City Jail until such fine

is paid, not exceeding one day for each two dollars of such fine, in case such fine is not paid

.

and upon complaint and proof that any owner, manager, lessee or anyone having charge of or 
conducting any such place above described repeatedly violates this ordinance or any of the provisions
thereof, the license for such place of business may be revoked by the Board of City Commissioners.

The necessity appearing to the Board that an emergency existed it was upon motion of McGovern
and seconded by Stewart ordered that this ordinance be passed as an emergency ordinance, the vote
being cast as follows to-wit.: Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and
his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, voting aye.

Passed by the Board of Commissioners this 3rd, day of April 1912, upon the following vote
Commissioners Coughlin, aye, Stewart aye, McGovern aye, Von Tobel aye, and his honor the Mayor
Peter Buol aye.

First reading April 3rd, 1912.

Second reading April 3rd, 1912.	Approved, Peter Buol. Mayor.

Attest:	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

(SEAL)

Affidavit of Publisher.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says, That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years, that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
and that the ordinance No. 28, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached is a true



copy, was published in said paper one issue, on the following dates, to-wit April 6th, 1912.

Chas c. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th, day of April A.D. 1912.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

	Ordinance No. 29.

An ordinance to prevent Minors from Frequenting Saloons and Disreputable places.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1, It shall be unlawful for any minor to frequent or loiter around any saloon,
gambling house, bar room, billiard room, cigar store, bowling alley or house of ill-fame or to

purchase any beer, wine, spirituous liquors or other intoxicating beverage from any such place,
any minor violating the previsions of this section shall be punished by a fine of not
than five dollars ($5.00) nor more than twenty five Dollars ($25.00), or in the City

Jail until such fine is paid, not exceeding one day for which two dollars of such fine, in case
such fine is not paid.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any saloon keeper to sell or permit to be sold to minors
any beer, wine, spirituous liquors or other intoxicating beverage, or to permit minors to frequent
or loiter around his saloon. Any violations of this section shall be punishable

by a fine of not less than Five dollars ($5.00) nor more than twenty five Dollars ($25.00) for each
offence, and upon complaint and proof that any saloon keeper repeatedly violates this section
of the ordinance his license may be revoked by the Board of City Commissioners,

Section 3. Any proprietor, keeper, bartender, Clerk, or any other person having charge or

control of any saloon, bar room, billiard room or pool room, cigar store, bowling alley, or any
other public place within the City of Las Vegas, who permits any minor to play or engage in, or
be prevent at any game of billiards, pool bowling or of cards, without the express consent of the

parent or guardian of such minor, is guilty of a misdemeanor who plays or engages

in it present at any game of billiards, pool, bowling or of cards in any public place