	ORDINANCE No. 99

An Ordinance to prohibit spitting upon public sidewalks and in other public places in the

City of Las Vegas.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SEC. 1. Spitting upon the floor, platform, sides or steps of any railroad or railway station,
on railroad car, or upon the floor of any public conveyance, or upon the floor, platform, steps
or walls of any public building, hall, church, theater, market, post office, assembly room,
elevator in public or private building, or upon any public sidewalk, or upon any walk in any
park or public place, is hereby prohibited.

SEC. 11. Any person who shall violate any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less
than Five Dollars ($5.00) nor more than Twenty-five Dollars ($25.00) or imprisoned in the
City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of not exceeding one day for each two dollars of
such fine in case such fine is not paid, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding
thirty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

SEC. 111 This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 4th day of April, A. D. 1923, by the following vote:

. Commissioners Blanding, Arnold, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, voting aye. Noes, none
First reading March 1, 1923	Second reading April 4, 1923.

Approved this 4th day of April A. D. 1923.

W. H. Dentner ________________

Mayor Pro Tem, of the City of Las
Vegas.

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty

City Clerk

 ORDINANCE No. 100

(Seal)

An Ordinance providing, for the payment of a license fee for automobiles and motor
propelled vehicles operated for hire on the public streets of the City of Las Vegas, and
matters connected therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. Every person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on the
business of running, driving or operating any automobile or motor propelled  vehicle over the
public streets of the City of Las Vegas, for the transportation of passengers for hire, whether
drive by the owner or a representative of the owner or by the person or persons hiring or
renting the same, and whether such automobile or vehicle stands in or upon any public street,
alley, or other public place while awaiting employment or not, shall pay to the City of Las
Vegas a license fee of Three Dollars	per quarter or part thereof for each such automobile

or vehicle. Such license fee shall be payable in advance quarterly in quarters beginning on the
first days of January, April, July and October, of each year. The City Clerk and Ex-Officio
license Collector shall issue such licenses, and each license shall not be transferable.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to conduct, manage
or carry on the business above mentioned without having procured a license therefor as above
provided, and any person, firm or corporation so offending shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor and, upon conviction, shall be fined in a sum of not less than Five Dollars nor more
than Two Hundred Dollars, or be imprisoned in the City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate
of not exceeding one day for each two dollars of such fine in case such fine is not paid, or

by imprisonment in the City Jail now exceeding One Hundred Days or by both such fine and imprisonment.