Section 15. Any person or any officer of any corporation, or any member of any
copartnership or association violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be
upon conviction thereof, be punished by a fine in the sum of not less than One Hundred
Fifty Dollars ($150.00), or not more than Four Hundred Fifty Dollars ($450.00), or by
imprisonment in the City Jail for a period not less than thirty (50) days nor more than
five (5) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment. Each and every day upon which
a violation of this Ordinance shall occur shall be deemed a separate and distinct
violation thereof.

Section 14. Ordinance No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance
to prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor,
regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor,
and repealing all ordinances in conflict therewith," approved Oct. 1, 1919, and Ordinance
 No. 82, of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance to amend section six (6)
of Ordinance No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance to prohibit gaming
 in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating
the same, fixing, the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, and repealing
 all ordinances in conflict therewith, "approved June 15, 1921 and Ordinance No. 88
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance to amend section six (6) of Ordinance
No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, 'An Ordinance to prohibit gaming in the
City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing
 the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor and repealing all ordinances
in conflict therewith,' and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
with such amendment," approved March 15, 1922, and Ordinance No. 103 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance to amend section six (6) of Ordinance No. 77 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance to prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas,
without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount of
such license, providing a penalty therefor, and repealing all ordinances in conflict
therewith," and to amend said Ordinance No. 77 by adding a new section thereto to be
known as Section 6b, and to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
with said amendments, "approved December 4, 1923, and Ordinance No. 115 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section three (3) of Ordinance No. 103 of
the City of Las Vegas, entitled, 'An Ordinance to amend Section six (6) of Ordinance
No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance to prohibit gaming in the City
of Las Vegas without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing
the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, and repealing all ordinances
in conflict therewith,' and to amend said Ordinance No. 77 by adding a new section thereto
to be known as Section 6b, and to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
 with said amendments," and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith 
are hereby repealed.

Section 15. If any provisions of this ordinance shall be held invalid, it shall
not be construed to invalidate any of the other provisions of this Ordinance.

Section 16. This Ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and
publication as hereinafter authorized, and this Ordinance is passed as an emergency
ordinance under the provisions of a Resolution adopted by the Board of City Commissioners
on this 30th day of March, 1931.

Section 17. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance
 published in the Las Vegas Age, a Tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas, for a period of one week (3 issues).	

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 30th day of March, 1931, and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon second
reading on said last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners German, Hansell,
Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes none.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.



(City Seal)

Approved this 30 day of March, 1931.

J. F. Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS

County of Clark )

C. P. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas, was published in said newspaper for a period of One
- week from March 31, 1931 to april 4, 1931 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: March 31, April 2 and 4, 1931

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the charge for publishing the same was $156.00

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th day of April 1931

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1931.

(Notarial Seal)