First, Second, Third and Fourth Streets from South line of Stewart Street to
the South line of Clark Street.

BUSINESS DISTRICT:	Any block within which fifty per cent (50%) or more of the

frontage is used for retail or wholesale business purposes; and, when so established by the
Street Superintendent any block immediately adjacent to any such block.

RIGHT OF WAY:	The privilege of immediate use of the street.

PARK:	To stand a vehicle for a period of time greater than is reasonably necessary

 for the actual loading or unloading of persons or material.

TRAFFIC:	The lawful and orderly use of the streets for purposes of travel by

pedestrians, vehicles, and street cars, both singly and together.

ARTICLE II. AUTHORITY OF POLICE.

Section II. Obedience to Police.

Officers of the Police department shall, by voice, hand or other signal, direct
all traffic, and it shall be unlawful for any person to refuse or fail to comply with any
lawful order, signal or other lawful direction of a police officer, and further provided it
shall be unlawful for any person other than officer of the Police Department, or a person
deputized by the Chief of Police to direct, or attempt to direct, the traffic by voice,
hand or other signal.

Section III. SIGNS.

The Street Superintendent shall have the exclusive power and duty to place and
maintain signs for the designation of the provisions of this ordinance, and no provision of
this ordinance for which signs are authorized and required shall be enforceable against an
alleged violator if, at the time of the alleged violation, the signs were missing, effaced,
mutilated or defaced so that an ordinary observant person would not be apprized of or aware
of the existence of such provisions.

Section IV. OBEDIENCE OF TRAFFIC SIGNS.

It shall be unlawful for any person to disobey the instructions of any mechanical
 traffic signal, lettered traffic sign, or paint marks placed upon the surface of the
roadway in accordance with the provisions of this ordinance, or any barrier or sign erected
by any of the public departments or public utilities of the City of Las Vegas, provided the
form of such barrier has been approved by the Street Superintendent.

Section V. TRAFFIC SIGNAL LEGEND.

The following signals for the direction of traffic are hereby authorized:

RED:	When shown in any mechanical traffic signal, except in flashing signals,

requires that traffic shall stop and remain standing.

GREEN:	When shown in any mechanical traffic signal, requires that traffic shall

move and remain in motion, except stopped for the purpose of avoiding an accident, and in

case of other emergency, or when stopped at the command of a police officer.

-

BELLS:	The ringing of a bell in connection with any mechanical traffic signal

shall indicate preparation for a change in the direction of traffic movement. When such bell
is sounded no traffic shall enter an intersection until a green or "go" signal is given.

Section VI. It shall be unlawful for any unauthorized person to erect or display
any device upon or in view of any street, which device is an imitation of an official
traffic sign, or which directs or purports to direct the actions of operators of vehicles
or the movement of traffic, or to wilfully deface, injure, move, or interfere with any
sign placed in compliance with the provisions of this ordinance.

ARTICLE III. PEDESTRIANS.	

Section VII. The use of Sidewalks, Cross-Walks and Safety Zones.

It shall be unlawful for the operator of any vehicle to d rive into a safety zone,
or to drive into any sidewalk or cross-walk area, except at a regular established driveway or
roadway.

Section VIII. PEDESTRIAN RIGHT OF WAY IN CROSS-WALK.

In any cross-walk where traffic is not being directed by a police officer or by
a traffic signal, pedestrians shall have the right of way over vehicles; provided, that any
pedestrian desiring the right of way shall give warning of his intention to cross by raising
the hand, palm out toward approaching traffic. It shall be unlawful for the operator
of any vehicle to drive into such cross-walk until such pedestrian shall have passed in
front of such vehicle.

	Section IX. SCHOOL CROSSINGS.	

The Street Superintendent is hereby authorized to mark and maintain with yellow
paint or metal plates cross-walks approximately fifteen feet in width at intersections in
the vicinity of public schools where in the opinion of said Street Superintendent crossing
the roadway by school children is dangerous. Said Street Superintendent is further authorized
to mark and maintain with a distinguishing color or metal plates upon the pavement or
by signs erected along the curb in a conspicuous manner, the word "School," one hundred
(100) feet distant from each cross-walk established as above provided, and it shall be 
unlawful for the operator of any vehicle or street car to drive into a cross-walk where there 
is displayed a sign with the word "School," when there is in said cross-walk upon the side
of the roadway upon which said vehicle is coming any person engaged or attempting to cross
the street.

Section X. USE OF ROADWAYS.

It shall be unlawful for any person to stand or walk in the roadway other than
in a safety zone or in a cross-walk if such action interferes with the lawful movement of
traffic; provided, that no pedestrian shall cross a roadway other than by a route at right
angles to the curb, or by the shortest route to the opposite curb.