responsible bidder and upon such conditions as the Board of City Commissioners may prescribe in letting
such contract.

Section 5. A special assessment is hereby required to be made pro rata in the above described special
assessment District, according to frontage; and the City Assessor is hereby directed immediately upon
the passage of this ordinance to make such special assessment according to frontage, and he is hereby
directed to assess the sum of One Thousand Two Hundred and Fifty-five and 70-100 ($1255.70) Dollars,
the same being the amount hereby determined necessary to cover the cost of such improvement. From the
date of the approval of the assessment roll the special assessment shall constitute a lien upon the
respective lots or parcels of land assessed.

Section 6. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force form and after its passage and publication

for one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting of

the Board of City Commissioners held on the first day of March, 1916, and read for the second time and

passed at its regular meeting on the 8th day of April, 1916, by the following vote, to-wit: Commissioners

Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor, the Mayor, W. E. Hawkins, voting aye.

________W. E. Hawkins._______________

Mayor.

Attest:

Harley A. Harmon.

City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United States

over the age of eighteen years,; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper
 of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that the
Ordinance No. 64 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached is a true and correct copy,
was published in said paper one issue, on the following dates, to-wit: April 8th, 1916.

Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 25th day of April A. D. 1916.

		Harley A. Harmon.	________

City Clerk in and for Clark County, Nevada

ORDINANCE NO. 65.



   An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, providing for the



improvement of Main Street by constructing a cement, concrete sidewalk on the east side of said street,

and providing for payment therefor by special assessment.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It is hereby ordered that a cement, concrete sidewalk shall be constructed along the

east side of Main Street, in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, in the County of

Clark, State of Nevada, commencing at the intersection of Main Street with Carson Street and running

thence northerly along the east side of Main Street to its intersection with Ogden Street, excepting

Lots Nos. One (1), Four (4), Five (5), Sixteen (16) and the south fifteen (15) feet of Lot Fifteen

(15) in Block No. Two (2), and Lots One (1), Two (2), Three (3), Four (4) and Five (5), in Block

No. Three (3). Said sidewalk shall be constructed in accordance with the provisions of Ordinance No.

Forty-seven (47), of the City of Las Vegas, and Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance establishing the

official grade of lots, streets, alleys, avenues, public places, sewers and other grades in Clark's

Las Vegas Townsite and the City of Las Vegas, and regulating the construction of sidewalks therein,

and other matters relating thereto," and in accordance with the plat and estimate of the cost of said

		-	

work on file in the office of the City Clerk.

Section 2. Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of the ground fronting on the
east side of said Main Street and abutting on said improvement, and the cost thereof shall be collected
by special assessment and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots and premises abutting upon such

improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage. The cost and expense of said improvement