Sec. 5. Every person who wilfully and lewdly either: Exposes his person or the 
private parts thereof in any public place, on in any place where there are present other 
persons to be offended or annoyed thereby; or procures, counsels or assists any person to
expose himself, or to take part in or make any exhibition of himself to public view, or
to the view of any number of persons, such as is offensive to decency, or os adapted to
excite vicious or lewd thoughts or acts; or signs any lewd or obscene song, ballad or
other words, in any public place, or in any place where there are persons present to be
annoyed thereby, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be
punished by a fine of not to exceed three hundred dollars, or by imprisonment in the City
Jail not exceeding One Hundred Fifty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 6. Any person who appears in any public place in the City of Las Vegas in a
disorderly condition or lies sleeps, on any street, sidewalk, alley or other public place
in the said City in a drunken or disorderly condition, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not to exceed three hundred
dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding one hundred Fifty days, or by
both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 7. Any prostitute, or other person solicition for a prostitute or for a place
of prostitution, or any male person who is an habitue of a place of prostitution, or who
shall solicit persons to visit or patronize a prostitute or place of prostitution or who
makes such solicitation upon the streets, or in any public place in the City of Las Vegas,
shall be, guilty of a misdemeanor.

Sec. 8. Any prostitute, pimp, pandered or habitue of a place of prostitution or
any person who solicits for a place of prostitution, who loiters or continues in or about
any public place within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, shall be guilty
of a misdemeanor.

Sec. 9. Any prostitute who shall make any pubic display of herself upon the streets
of the City, or in any public place, or make any signs, or use nay language or do anything
in any manner whereby her calling may be advertised or made known, or call attention to 
herself by loud or boisterous talk or otherwise upon the streets or in any public place within
the City, or who visits or loiters in or about any billiard room or public place or gathering
 within the City shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor for such and every act herein
specified.

Sec. 10. Any person violating any of the provisions of said Sections 7, 8, or 9
of this Ordinance shall upon conviction thereof be punished by a fine of not to exceed
three hundred dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding one hundred fifty
days, or by both such fine and imprisonment. Common reputation for unchastity or 
prostitution and a common reputation of being a pimp, panderer or habitue attending upon or
soliciting for prostitution, shall be prime facie evidence of guilt of any such person
who may be arrested under the provisions of the three preceding sections.

Sec. 11. It shall be unlawful for the owner or person having charge or control
of any house, building, apartment, room or premises to rent or lease any such house, building,
 apartment, room or premises to any person or persons to be used as a place of prostitution
 or to knowingly suffer or permit any such house, building, apartment, room or premises
 to be used for prostitution or for immoral purposes or practices, and any such owner
or person violating any of the provisions of this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not 	to exceed five hundred

dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding one hundred eighty days, or by

both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 12. If any provisions of this ordinance shall be held invalid, it shall not
be construed to invalidate any of the other provisions of this ordinance.

Sec. 13. All ordinance and parts of ordinances in conflict with this Ordinance
are hereby repealed.

Sec. 14. This Ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and 
publication as hereinafter authorized.

Sec. 15. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance

published in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a

period of one week (six issues).

Passed and adopted this 5th day of October, 1931 by the following vote: 
Commissioners Mundy, German, and His honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

First reading September 29, 1931. Second and final reading 5th day October, 1931.

	Approved this 5th day of October 1931.

	E. W. Cragin

Mayor.

Attest:

.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)