157

ORDINANCE NO. 108	

An Ordinance to Repeal Section 1 of Ordinance No. 75 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance to Amend Section Seven of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas,

and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the 

corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of
Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of
said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business without
a license, and repealing Ordinance Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14 and 35, approved December, 1913,
and amended Dec. 13, 1915 by Ordinance No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas, and further
amended March 5th, 1919 by Ordinance No. 74 of the City of Las Vegas by amending subdivision

 27 of said Section 7, and by adding a new subdivision to to be known as subdivision No. 44
to said Section 7."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section of said Ordinance No. 75 is hereby repealed.

Section 2. All Ordinances and parte of Ordinances in conflict herewith are
hereby repealed.

Section 3. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon
its passage, approval and publication for one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Age, a weekly
newspaper published at Las Vegas, Nevada.

Section 4. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of the City commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 108
published in said Las Vegas Age for one week (one issue).

Passed and adopted this 3rd day of March 1925 by the following vote:

Commissioners Matzdorf and Anderson, and Mayor Pro Tem Elwell, voting aye. Noes, none.

First reading February 17th, 1925. Second reading March 3rd, 1925.

Approved this 3rd day of March, 1925.

Attest:

W. H. Elwell

Florence S. Doherty,	Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas.

City Clerk.

ORDINANCE NO. 109.

An Ordinance to Prohibit Children and Minors under the age of eighteen years
from loitering around the Streets and other public places in the City of Las Vegas at night,
providing penalties, and Repealing All Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Herewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain, as follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person under the age of eighteen years
to loiter about, or frequent, the streets, alleys, public parks or other public or unoccupied
 grounds in the City of Las Vegas between the hours of nine o'clock in the
evening and six o'clock in the morning. It shall be the duty of any police officer finding
any person violating this section to take the name and address of such person, direct such
person to his or her home, and report name, address and circumstances of the case to the
City Marshal of the City of Las Vegas and the Probation Officer of Clark County, Nevada,
as soon as possible; provided, however, that if such person shall refuse to give his or
her name and address to the officer and depart for his or her home upon notice, it shall
be the duty of such officer to take such person into custody and report the matter as
aforesaid. For the purposes of this Ordinance there shall be no distinction in determining
whether or not there has been a violation of this Ordinance whether the person so violating
the same was at the time on foot, or on some animal, or in an automobile or some other
kind of conveyance.

Section 2. Nothing in this Ordinance contained shall be construed to apply to
any child or children who are in company of a parent, parents, guardian, or guardians, nor
to any child or children who may be sent upon any proper, lawful or necessary errand by