I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at an adjourned regular
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 25th day of October, 1920 and read for the second
time and passed at its regular meeting held on the 3rd day of November, 1920, by the following vote,
to-wit: Commissioner Martin, Conklin, Pembroke, and His Honor, the Mayor Ferron, voting ayes. Noes none.
Approved this third day of November, A. D. 1920.

W.E. Ferron,

Attest:	Mayor.

Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Published November 13, 1920.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS

County of Clark )

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That  he is publisher of the Las Vegas

Age a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 79 of the City of Las Vegas was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of one week inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
for the following dates, to-wit: November 13, 1920. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulates
 on each of the dates above named. That the charge for publishing the same was $16.50.

Signed Chas. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th day of November 1920.

Henry M. Lillis

March 9 1923	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

		ORDINANCE No. 80.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Regulating the Storage and Removal of Garbage offal, and



refuse animal and vegetable matter.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Sec. 1. It is hereby made the duty of the occupant or occupants of every dwelling house or
other building in the City of Las Vegas to provide a suitable and water-tight box or other vessel of a
convenient size to be handled by the garbage collector, in which said occupant or occupants shall cause
to be placed or deposited all offal, garbage, and refuse animal and vegetable matter, of the premises
Such occupants shall keep such box or other vessel at a place on the premises most accessible to the
person collecting the garbage and offal, and it. shall be unlawful to put any but refuse animal and
vegetable matter in the vessel used for garbage and offal. Such vessel shall have a snug and tight fitting
cover thereto, and such vessel shall not be kept or placed in any public street, alley, road or

upon any sidewalk or in any place whatsoever where it will be a nuisance. Such vessel must at all times
be kept tightly sealed.

Sec. 2. All garbage and offal shall be collected in water-tight closed vehicles; and each vehicle
 shall be purified as often as the health officer may direct, and shall have painted thereon the
word "Garbage."

Sec. 3. No person shall engage or assist in collecting, removing or disposing of garbage or
offal within the City of Las Vegas except as provided in this Ordinance, and also so authorized by a
permit from the wealth officer of the city; and it shall be unlawful for any person to interfere in any
manner with the collection or disposal of garbage and offal by the person or persons authorized to do
so.

Sec. 4. It shall be the duty of any person contracting with the city for the collection or

disposal of garbage to comply with the Ordinances of the city, and also with such orders and regulations
 as may be made by the board of health.

Sec. 5. No person except the city contractor or his agents shall carry, convey or transport
any garbage through the streets, alleys, or public places of the city, except upon permission of the

board of health, and that the Board of city Commissioners shall have power, from time to time by Resolution