ORDINANCE NO. 114.

	An Ordinance providing; for Licensing of Hairdressing and Beauty Parlors.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN, AS FOLLOWS:

Sec. 1. Every person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on a
hairdressing or beauty parlor, or both, in the City of Las Vegas, shall pay to the City of
Las Vegas a license fee of Fifteen Dollars per quarter or portion thereof for the privilege
 of conducting, managing or carrying on each such hairdressing or beauty parlor, or
both, such license shall be payable in advance quarterly. The City Clerk and ex-officio
license Collector shall issue such license, and no license shall be transferable. A barber
shop, as such, shall not be construed to be a hairdressing or beauty parlor, but separate
license shall be payable under this ordinance for a hairdressing or beauty parlor run in
connection with a barber shop; and a license shall also be payable hereunder where the 
hairdressing or beauty parlor is conducted in a private residence.

Sec. 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to conduct, manage
or carry on a hairdressing or beauty parlor, or both, without having procured a license



therefor as above provided; and any person, firm, or corporation so offending shall be deemed
 guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction shall be fined in any sum not exceeding One
Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for any period not exceeding fifty days
or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 3. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage
and adoption and publication for one week (one week) in Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 1st day of October, 1925, upon the following vote; 
Commissioners Mundy, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting aye. 

Noes, none.
First reading Sept. 3, 1925.	

Second reading October 1, 1925.

____J. F. Hesse_______ 

Mayor

Attest:	Florence S. Doherty

City Clerk.