within said City of Las Vegas, without the express consent of his parent or guardian, is likewise

guilty of a misdemeanor. Any person violating or wilfully non-complying with the provisions
of this section shall be punished by a fine of not less than five Dollars, ($5.00) nor more than
Twenty five Dollars ($25.00) for each offence, or by imprisonment in the City Jail until such fine
is paid, not exceeding one day for each two dollars of such fine, in case such fine is not paid
and upon complaint and proof that any proprietor, keeper or person in charge of any of the places
mentioned in this section repeatedly violates this section of the ordinance the license for such
place of business may be revoked by the Board of City Commissioners.

Passed by the Board of Commissioners this 3rd day of April 1912, upon the following vote
Aye, Commissioners Coughlin, Stewart, McGovern, Von Tobel, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol.

First reading March 6th, 1912.

(SEAL) second reading April 3rd, 1912.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor,

	Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publisher.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says that he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years, that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review 
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
and that the Ordinance No. 29, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached is a true
an correct copy was published in said paper one issue on the following dates to-wit:- April, 6th, 1912.

Chas C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th, day of April A.D. 1912.

Harley A, Harmon, City Clerk.





Ordinance No. 30.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Regulating the Fire Department providing for the 
protection against fires, and other matters relating thereto.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall fix and determine the
salaries and compensations to be paid to the officers, assistances and all other employees and
members of the Department. Section 2. The officers of the Las Vegas Fire Department shall
be the Police and Fire Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, who shall be the executive
Officer of the Fire Department, with the powers and duties granted and provided for under the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas, There shall also be a Chief and Assistant Chief, and such
other officers as may be here after provided for. Section 3. The Chief of the Fire Department

subject to the supervision of the Police and Fire Commissioner and of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, shall have authority and control over the governing officers elected by
the Companies and such officers, members and employees as are in the Fire Department shall be
subject to the orders and directions of the Chief of the Fire Department. Section 4. The Chief
or in his absence or inability to act, the assistant Chief, shall have command at all fires, drills
parades, etc, over all officers, members and employees of the Fire Department, and all apparatus
and appurtenances of the same. It shall be his duty, and he is hereby authorized and empowered,
to take any steps, and to perform any act, which in his judgement, is necessary for the 
preservation of life and property. He is hereby vested with the power and authority to suspend and
subordinate officer or any employee of the Department, who, during the progress of  any fire
refuses or neglects to perform the duties assigned to him, He shall subject to the orders of
the Police and Fire Commissioner have, full control and general supervision of all fire apparatus
at all times, inspect all hydrants and order all drills of the firemen at such times as he may