

Sec. 2a. Sewers shall be laid to a uniform grade of not less than one eighth of an 

inch to the foot. Joints shall be made of cement and clean sharp sand in the proportions
of two parts of cement to three parts of sand and all joints shall be raked smooth.

The fee for a sewer permit shall be Five Dollars ($5.00), which shall include the tapping
 of the main sewer and the making of the connection of the lateral to the main sewer

by the Plumbing Inspector and his inspection. Said fee shall be paid into the office of the
Plumbing Inspector, and such Plumbing Inspector shall, by virtue of his office, have charge
of the Inspection of the tapping of all sewers and of the making of all connections with
sewers in said City.

It shall be unlawful for any person or persons to tap any sewer or make any connections
therewith in the City of Las Vegas without the inspection and approval of said Plumbing
Inspector and without having first paid the above mentioned charge of Five Dollars ($5.00)
into the office of the Plumbing Inspector.

Section 4. Said Ordinance is hereby amended, revised, and re-enacted by adding thereto,
a new section to be known as 2b, to read as follows:

	Sec. 2b. It shall be unlawful to install any gas piping in the City of Las Vegas without

first securing a permit to do the same, except where gas is supplied to a consumer from
individual tanks. The fee for such permit shall be Five Dollars ($5.00), which will include
 the inspection of said installation. All gas piping shall be uniformly graded to the meter
 and shall be securely strapped. No piping shall be less than one-half inch. Stove outlets
shall be not less than three-quarters of an inch. No gas water heater shall be located in
any bath room, nor shall one be placed nearer than six inches to any wood or lath and plaster
partition or wall, nor nearer than three inches to any asbestos or metal covered lath and
plaster or wood partition or wall. All gas water heaters shall be vented to and above the
roof. Where such vent is of sheet iron it shall not be less than six inches from any wood
work. Gas piping shall be of the following sizes and runs:

For each gas grate, gas log, or gas heating stove, combination boiler and water heater,
or non automatic water heater, allow three burners, and for each gas cook stove or hot
plate, allow ten burners. For each automatic or automatic thermal gas water heater allow
eight burners for each one half inch opening of heater; twenty-five burners for each three-
quarters inch opening; forty-five burners of each one inch opening; eighty burners for
each one and one quarter inch opening; two hundred fifty burners for each one and one-half
inch opening.

Size of pipe.	Length allowed	Number of burners,

1/2 in.	40 ft.	8

3/4 in.	80 ft.	25

1 in.	100 ft.	45

	11/4in.	150 ft.	80

1 1/2	in.	250 ft.	250

2 in.	400	ft.	500

No union joints permitted in any gas mains. All gas piping shall be tested under a
pressure of Five pounds or by a mercury column equal to said pressure.

There shall be an inspection before any of the piping is covered and a final 
inspection and test after a first coat of plaster has been applied.

Said above-mentioned fee shall be paid into the office of the Plumbing Inspector, and
such Plumbing Inspector shall, by virtue of his office, have charge of the Inspection of the
installation of gas piping under the regulations set forth in this ordinance.

when upon examination by the Plumbing Inspector it appears that may gas fitting work
is defective, either in construction or material, the same shall he altered or repaired to
conform to the regulations in this ordinance.	 

When any gas piping or gas fitting for the installation or alteration of which a permit
has been issued shall be found on inspection to conform to the regulations of this ordinance, the 



Plumbing Inspector shall issue a certificate of inspection certifying that such piping