The Municipal authorities shall have the power to change the rules and regulations from
time to time as in their judgment may seem just and proper, and all rules formulated by the Consolidated
Power & Telephone Company, or its successors or assigns, shall be approved by the municipality
 before being put into effect.

The said Consolidated Power & Telephone Company, its successors or assigns shall have the
right to charge, receive and collect, subject to the changes and regulation of prices herein provided
 for, the sum of Three Dollars for each one thousand cubic feet of gas supplies by it, and a
minimum rate of One Dollar per each calendar month.

Section 2. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage
and publication and acceptance, and the grantee herein, its successors or assigns, shall pay the
expenses of publishing the same. Acceptance hereof by said grantee, its successors or assigns
shall be filed in writing with the City Clerk within thirty day s from the date of the passages
of this Ordinance.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 5th day of June, 1918, upon the following
vote: Ball, aye; Miller, aye; Elwell, aye; Ullom, aye; and his Honor the Mayor W. E. Hawkins, aye.

First reading April 3rd, 1918, Second reading June 5th, 1918.

Approved: W. E. Hawkins,

mayor.

Attest: HARLEY A. HARMON,

City Clerk.

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

R. J. Young Jr., being first duly sworn, deposes and says; That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years, that he is the Chief Clerk of the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
and that the Ordinance (No. 71) of the City of Las Vegas of which attached is a true and correct
copy, was published in said paper one (l) issue on the following date, to-wit: June 8, 1918.

R. J. Young Jr.

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 12th day of June, A. D. 1918.

Harley A. Harmon,

City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO. 72	

An Ordinance amending Sections 2, 3, 6 and 7 of Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, entitled: "An Ordinance fixing the Fire Limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building
construction and the keeping of combustibles and explosives."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That Section 2 of said Ordinance No. 27 be, and the same hereby is, amended so
that the same shall read as follows:

Sec. 2. No building, shed, stable, barn, feed yard or outbuilding of any description, or
any part of any such building, shed, stable, barn, feed yard or outbuilding of any description, shall
be erected or enlarged within said fire limits, excepting as otherwise hereinafter provided, unless
all of the outside walls and party walls thereof shall be built of stone, concrete, terra cotta,
brick, adobe, or other equivalent incombustible materials, and all wooden joists beams and other
wooden timbers placed in the outside or party wall shall be separated from each other at least four

inches, with stone of brick laid in mortar or by concrete, adobe or other equivalent incombustible
materials, and all wooden lintels or plate pieces placed in front, rear or side walls, shall recede
from the outside of the walls at least two and one-half inches, or when they shall not so recede,

shall be covered with fireproof material. All exterior, and division or party walls, shall extend