complaint charging said violation, shall be prima facie evidence that the person or persons so

charged were at the time and place so charged, engaged in the business of selling, serving,

giving away, or distributing spirituous, vinous, malt or mixed intoxicating liquors, without a



license from the City of Las Vegas so to do, unless the holder of said so-called Federal Liquor
License shall satisfactorily establish by proof that he was actually engaged in conducting the
business of a drug store at the time and place charged, or that he held a license from the City
of Las Vegas so to do.

Any violation of any provision of this Section shall constitute a misdemeanor and shall be
punishable by a fine of not less than fifty dollars nor more than three hundred dollars, or by
imprisonment in the City Jail of Las Vegas for a period of not less than thirty days nor more
than six months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.	

Section 3. Whenever any person desires to open, Keep or conduct a wholesale or retail liquor
establishment in the City of Las Vegas, or engage in the business thereof, such person shall
make an application in writing to the Board of Commissioners of said City for permission to
obtain a liquor license and said application shall contain and set forth the following:

(a)	The name and residence of the applicant or applicants, and how long he or they have
resided in the City of Las Vegas.

(b)	The Kind of license desired (whether a wholesale liquor license or a retail liquor
license), and the particular place for which such license is desired, and the name of the owner
of the premises.

(c)	That the applicant or applicants are the only persons interested in the business asked
to be licensed, and that no other person or persons shall in any way be interested therein

during the continuance of the permission.	

(d)	Whether or not the applicant or applicants have had a permission for a license for the
sale of liquor in said City of Las Vegas, or in any other city or county, revoked during any time





preceding his or their application, and if so the cause of such revocation.

(e)	A statement that if such permit is granted and license issued, same shall be accepted
by applicant subject to the terms and provisions of this ordinance and to such other rules and
regulations as may at any time be adopted or enacted by the Board of Commissioners of said City
of Las Vegas.

(f)	Said application must be verified by the applicant or applicants therefor.

Section 4. The Board of City commissioners shall, if the applicant or applicants for permission
to obtain a liquor license is or are, in the opinion of the said Board, a proper person or persons
to carry on a liquor business, as mentioned in the ordinances of the City of Las Vegas, make an 
order that the City Clerk issue a license to such person or persons upon the payment to him of the sum

required for the particular kind of license applied for.



Sec. 5. When an applicant for a permit for a liquor license is a corporation or association, the application
may be verified by its president, secretary or manager; and in addition to the matters and things
by this ordinance herein before required to be set out in the application, there shall be set forth
the name of the person or persons who snail have the management of its business for which or in
connection with which a liquor license is desired, and the names of the persons composing its
Board of directors or governing body.

Section 6. Any permit for a liquor license at any time granted by the Board of City Commissioners
shall continue in force until the first day of January of the next succeeding year unless such
permit shall prior to such date have been rescinded, revoked or cancelled, or the license issued
thereunder declared forfeited; but the Board of City Commissioners may at any time, in its 
discretion, without notice, revoke, rescind or cancel any permit for a liquor license theretofore



granted and may cancel and declare forfeited any license issued, and every such licensee accepts
the permit and license subject to such right of revocation without notice; provided, however,