			ORDINANCE NO 63.

An Ordinance prohibiting dogs from running at large within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and requiring all persons owning, keeping or harboring any
dog or dogs within the limits of the City of Las Vegas to keep said dog or dogs on their premises,
     and at all times to wear a dog muzzle.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows;

Section 1. It shall be unlawful to allow or permit any male or female dog of any age whatsoever to
run at large within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

Section 2. It is hereby made the duty of very person owning, keeping or harboring any dog, or occupying
 the premises where any dog makes its home to secure a Laced Wire Dog Muzzle with all of its parts
throughly secured and then fasten it ever the mouth and head of the Dog with a strong leather collar, 
      and keep said dog or dogs muzzled both day and night.

Section 3. Every person who has paid the Dog license or tax on his or her dog or dogs for the year
A.D. 1916, may apply at the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and receive from said City Clerk a muzzle or muzzles for his or her dog or dogs, and
without cost to the applicant. And the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby directed
to deliver the said muzzle, or muzzles to the person or persons so applying, and keep record of the

same.

Section 4. It shall be and it is hereby made the duty of the City Marshal, City Policeman, Special
Policemen or Watchman of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and each and
all of them, when any dog is found loose or at large within the City limits of the City of Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, to immediately kill such dog at the place where found, or
capture and secure such dog and remove it to a convenient place and there immediately kill such dog
as under the circumstances of the case be most expedient.

Section 5. Any person who allows any dog owned by him or under his control, to run at large within
the limits of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, in violation of any
of the provisions of this ordinance, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor; and upon conviction
thereof shall be fined in any sum not less than five dollars nor more than One Hundred Dollars for
each and every such offence.

Section 6. Whereas, in as much as there is no ordinance of said City prohibiting dogs from
running at large within the limits of the City of Las Vegas and requiring each dog to wear a muzzle

an emergency is declared to exist and this ordinance is hereby declared an emergency ordinance.

Section 7. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and publication
 for one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review a weekly Newspaper, printed end published
in the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Ball, and duly carried by
the entire Board with the following vote to-wit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye; Elwell, aye; Ball aye;
Hicks, aye; and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye, the above ordinance was duly passed and
carried.

	Approved. W.E. Hawkins. Mayor.

(SEAL) Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.