Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 22nd day of December, 1931, upon the
following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German and His Honor the Mayor, voting aye.

Noes none.

First reading No. 20th, 1931. Second and final reading, Dec. 22, 1931.

Approved:

E. W. Cragin.

Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman
of the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation,
printed at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of six days from Dec 23rd to
Dec. 29th 1931 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:
Dec 23-24-25-26-28-29- 1931.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th day of December 1931

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires Dec 28 1934.

(Notarial Seal)

	ORDINANCE NO. 185.

	An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Sections Nos. 2 and 10 of Ordinance

 No. 111 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance prohibiting the manufacture,
 storage, or keeping sale offering or exposing for sale of barter, or other
disposal of intoxicating liquors in the City of Las Vegas, regulating other matters
pertaining thereto; providing a penalty for the violation of this Ordinance, and repealing
 all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," approved May 5,

1925, as amended by Ordinance No. 179; and to repeal all ordinances and parts of 
ordinances in conflict therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section 2 of said Ordinance No. 111, as amended by Section 1 of 
Ordinance No. 179 of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so
that the same shall read as follows:

"Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation
to manufacture, keep or store, sell, offer or expose for sale or barter, or otherwise
dispose of, except as hereinafter provided, any intoxicating liquors in the City of Las
Vegas; provided that nothing in this Ordinance shall prohibit the manufacture, sale,
keeping or storing of said liquors where the manufacture, sale, keeping or storing of
the same is permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada or of the United States of
America."

Section 2. Section 8 of said Ordinance No. 111, as amended by Section 2
of Ordinance No. 179 of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted
so that the seme shall read as follows:

"Section 8. It shall be unlawful for any person to have upon his person or in
any vehicle, any intoxicating liquors on any public street, or alley, or in any public
place in the City of Las Vegas."

Section 3. Section 10 of said Ordinance No. 111, as amended by Section 3 of
Ordinance No. 179 of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted
so that the same shall read as follows:

"Section 10. Any person who shall violate any of the provisions of this 
Ordinance shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not less
than One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) nor more than Four Hundred Ninety-nine Dollars
($499.00) or be imprisoned in the City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of not
exceeding one day for each two dollars of such fine in case suck fine is not paid or by
imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding six month, or by both such fine and 
imprisonment."

Section 4. All ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are