not less than four inches. Stoneware piping shall not be allowed within two feet of the exterior



walls of any building, neither shall any vitrified pipe come within twelve inches of the surface
of the ground throughout its entire course. The jointing of each and every section of vitrified
piping must be completely and uniformly filled with the best Portland Cement, two parts of cement
and one part of sand, and every joint throughly cleaned from the inside so as not to

form an obstruction. The different sections must be laid in perfect line on the bottom and on the
sides with a fall of not less than one quarter of an inch per foot towards the street sewer or
cesspool. This piping must be made perfectly water tight; it shall not be covered or concealed in
any way until it has been properly tested by the inspecting officer. All changes in direction shall
be made with curves of Y branches and all connections with Y branches and one-eighth bends.

Section 2. Sub-division Eleventh of section eleven of the above entitled ordinance is hereby
amended so as to read as follows: Eleventh. Waste pipes in all cases shall be of lead, wrought
iron with Durham or shoulder fittings only, or cast iron, of the following size: for bath tubs,



sinks, laundry trays, urinals, wash basins, each not less than one and one half inches; slop

hoppers not less than two inches. A Water closet placed in an isolated building shall be vented

by a pipe the top of which is not less than fifteen feet above the ground.

	

     Section 3. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 4. This ordinance shall take effect from and after its passage and publication for a period

of one week (one issue), in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper printed and published in

the City of Las Vegas.	Approved . Ed. Von Tobel Mayor pro tem.

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

(SEAL) passed on second reading on March 5th, 1913. upon the following vote: Commissioners
Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern, and Ed. Von Tobel, Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes None.

First reading February 12, 1913.

 (SEAL) Attest: Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.



Affidavit of publisher
@ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he as the publisher of the Clark County Review
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
and that the Ordinance No. 38 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Of which the attached is a true
and correct copy was published in said paper one issue, on the following dates to-wit: March 3th, 1931.
(SEAL)	Chas. C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and scorn to before me this 21st, day of March A.D. 1913.	

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

	Ordinance No. 39.



An Ordinance to Regulate and Prevent the Discharge of Fire Arms,

Air Guns, etc., within certain portions of the City of Las Vegas.

The Beard of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful within the limits of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in the City
of Las Vegas, except in a regular licensed shooting gallery, to wilfully discharge any pistol, firearm,
 air gun, musket, or instrument of any kind, character or description, which throws a bullet or
missile, for any distance by means of the elastic force of air or any explosive substance.

Section 2. Any person violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be punished by a