an emergency ordinance at an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, held
on the 14th day of May, 1913, by the following vote, viz: Commissioners Sullivan, Smith, Griffith
and Curtiss and His Honor the Mayor. W.E. Hawkins, voting aye. Noes None.

(SEAL) Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Approved this l4th day of May, A.D. 1913.

W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Affidavit of Publisher.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the
Unites States, over the age of eighteen years: that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada and that the Ordinance No. 41, of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true
and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue on the following dates to-wit: May 17th,
1913.	Chas. C. Corkhill

(SEAL)  Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22nd, day of May A.D. 1913.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

@@@@@@@@

		Ordinance No. 42.



  An ordinance Requiring all persons, who, within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, buy,
sell, exchange, or otherwise deal in and with second-hand goods as a business, to keep a register
The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as follows:

Section l. All persons, firms, companies, or corporations, who, within the limits of the
City of Las Vegas, buy, sell, barter, exchange, or otherwise deal in and with second hand commodities
 of any kind or description, in a regularly fixed place of business, shall immediately enter,
in the English language, in a register, to be kept by him, them, or it, the date any piece or
portion of second hand property is purchased, and an accurate description of the property so
purchased, together with the name and address, age, and a general description of the dress,
complexion, color of hair, and facial appearance of the person from whom it is purchased.

Section 2. Every person, firm, company, or corporation, who fails or refuses to produce
his register for the inspection of, or to exhibit all articles purchased by him in his business
as a second hand deader to the District Attorney of Clark County, the City Attorney of Las
Vegas, or to the City Marshall of the City of Las Vegas, or to any peace officer of the City of
Las Vegas, or of the Las Vegas township or of the County of Clark, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

Section. 3. The violation of this ordinance shall constitute a misdemeanor and the punishment
therefor shall be imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than ninety days or by a fine of
not more than $300.00, or by both such fine and imprisonment. Upon complaint and proof that
any second hand dealer repeatedly violates this ordinance or any of the provisions thereof, the
license for such place of business may be revoked by the Board of City Commissioners.

Section 4. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon and after its
passage and publication for one week (one insertion) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 2nd day of July, 1913, upon the following vote:
Commissioners Curtiss, Griffith, Smith, Sullivan, and Mayor W.E. Hawkins, voting aye, Noes, None.

First reading June 4th, 1913.	Second reading July 2nd, 1913.

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.	Approved W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.