AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA	)ss

County of Clark	)

C. P. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher
of the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
No. 181 of the City of Las Vegas, was published in said newspaper for a period of one
week, from Oct. 22, 1931 to Oct. 29, 1931 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates to-wit:

Oct. 22, 23, 24, 25, 27, 28, 29, 1931.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the legal charge for publishing the same was $

Signed C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th day of October, 1931.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County
Nevada.

My Commission expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 182.

An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Section 4 of Ordinance No. 129 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Sections 2 and 19
of Ordinance No. 36, entitled "An Ordinance providing for the issuance of plumbing and
sewer connection permits, for the inspection of plumbing and sewer connections and for the
regulation and construction of of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas," and further
amending said ordinance by adding thereto two sections to be knows as 2a and 2b respectively,
 and to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain:

Section 1. Section 4 of said Ordinance No. 129 is hereby amended, revised, and
re-enacted so that the same shall read as follows:

Section 4. Said Ordinance is hereby amended, revised, and re-enacted by adding
thereto a new section to be knows as 2b to read as follows:

Section 2b. It shall be unlawful to install any gas piping in the City of Las
Vegas without first securing a permit to do the same, except where gas is supplied to a
consumer from individual tanks. The fee for such permit shall be One Dollar ($1.00), which
will include the inspection of said installation. All piping shall be uniformly graded to
the meter and shall be securely strapped, no piping shall be less than one-half inch.

Stove outlets shall be not less than three-quarters of an inch. No gas water heaters shall

be located in any bath room, nor shall one be placed nearer than six inches to any wood,
or lath and plaster partition or wall, nor nearer than three inches to any asbestos or
metal covered lath and plaster or wood partition or wall. All gas water heaters shall be

vented to and above	the roof. Where such vent is of sheet iron it shall be not less than six

inches from any wood work. Gas piping shall be of the following sizes and runs:

For each gas grate, gas log, or gas heating stove, combination boiler and water
heater, or non automatic water heater, allow three burners and for each gas cook stove
or hot plate, allow ten burners. For each automatic or automatic thermal gas water
heater allow eight burners for each one half inch opening of heater; twenty-five burners
for each three-quarters inch opening; forty-five burners for each one inch opening; eighty
burners for each one and one-quarter inch opening; two hundred burners for each one and
one-half inch opening.

Size of pipe	Length allowed	Number of burners,

 ½ in.	40	ft.	8

¼ in.	80	ft.	25

1	in.	100	ft.	45

It in.	150	ft.	80

1½ in.	250	ft.	250

2	in.	400	ft.	500

No union joints permitted in any gas mains. All gas piping shall be tested under
pressure of Five pounds or more by a mercury column equal to said pressure.

There shall be an inspection before any of the piping is covered and a final 
inspection and test after a first coat of plaster has been applied.

Said above-mentioned fee shall be paid into the office of the Plumbing Inspector,
and such Plumbing Inspector shall, be virtue of his office, have charge of the inspection
of the installation of gas piping under the regulations set forth in this ordinance.

When upon examination by the Plumbing Inspector it appears that any gas fitting work
is defective, either in construction or material, the same shall be altered or repaired to
conform to the regulations of this ordinance.

When any gas piping or gas fitting for the installation or alteration of which a
permit has been issued shall be found on inspection to conform to the regulations of this
Ordinance, the Plumbing Inspector shall issue a certificate of inspection certifying that
such piping or fittings have been inspected and found to comply with the terms of this
Ordinance, but no such certificate shall be granted until such piping or fittings, respectively,
 are found to conform to said regulations. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm