ORDINANCE NO. 146.

An Ordinance Vacating the alley running northerly and southerly through Blocks
number Eight and Nine in Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
for High School purposes.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Sec. 1. That in order to promote the public welfare of said City of Las Vegas, it is
hereby ordained and directed that the alley running northerly and southerly through blocks
eight (8) and nine (9) in Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas, as delineated on the
official and record plat of the survey thereof on record in the office of the County
Recorder of Clark County, Nevada in Book 1 of Plats at page 13, Clark County, Nevada Records
be, and the same is, hereby vacated for use by Clark County Educational District No. 2
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the owner and occupant of said two blocks, for
High School purposes. Provided however, that said alley in each of said two blocks shall
be closed and kept closed after the passage, and going into effect of this Ordinance
solely by and at the expense of said Clark County Educational District No. 2.

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from, and after its passage,
 and publication for one week (three issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance N. 146 was read for the first time

at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the

5th day of September 1929, and read for a second time and passed at a regular meeting

of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 3rd day of October 1929, upon the following

vote: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor J. Hesse
voting Aye. Noes None.

Approved this 3rd day of October 1929.

J. F. Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed, and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance 146
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of three issues from October 5th
to October 10th 1929 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: October 5, 8th, and 10th 1929. That said newspaper was regularly issued,
and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the charge for publishing the same
was $11.40.

Signed Chas. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th day of October 1929.

C. D. Breeze.

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nev.

My Commission expires May 26th, 1929.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 147.

 An Ordinance to Amend, Revise, and Re-enact, Section 2 of Ordinance No. 36 of
the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance Providing for the issuance of plumbing
and sewer connection Permits, and for the inspection of plumbing, and sewer connections
and for the regulation and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas,"
and to repeal all Ordinances, and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN;

Section 1. Section 2 of said Ordinance is hereby amended, revised, and re-enacted
so as to read as follows:

Sec. 2. All work done shall be subject to inspection, and notice must be given
to the Plumbing Inspector by the contractor or owner doing said work or having the same
done as soon as said work is ready for inspection, the plumber having a competent man
on the work at the time of inspection. A charge of Two and One-half Dollars ($2.50) will
be made for the issuance of each plumbing permit, which charge shall include one 
inspection of rough work and one inspection of finished work. A charge of One Dollar ($1.00)
will be made for every extra visit by the inspector. A Charge of fifty cents (50₵) will
be made for each additional fixture up to sixteen (16) and twenty-five cents (25₵) for
each additional fixture above sixteen.

No work will be accepted by the Inspector until the above mentioned charges are paid
into the office of the Plumbing Inspector. All work must be left uncovered convenient
for examination until inspected and approved by the Plumbing Inspector.  Such inspection
shall be made within forty-eight hours of such notification being received by the Plumbing
 Inspector, and no plans shall be changed without the permission of said Plumbing

Inspector. The inspecting officer may apply the water peppermint or smoke test; and all
necessary tools, labor and assistance for such test shall be furnished by such person
or persons assuming control of the work, and such person or persons shall remove or
repair any defective material or work when so ordered by the inspecting officer. Any soil
pipe, drain pipe, trap, water closet, urinal, sink or other fixtures set up or fitting
or fittings laid, used or constructed otherwise than in accordance with these 
regulations, or which shall, in the opinion of the Plumbing Inspector, be or become bad or