

ORDINANCE NO. 86

An Ordinance to amend Section six (6) and to repeal Section seven (7) of Ordinance No. 66
      of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An ordinance regulating Travel and Traffic upon the Public
Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section six (6) of said ordinance No. 66 is hereby amended so as to read as follows:
Section 6. It shall be unlawful for any person to ride or drive, or cause to be ridden or
driven, any horse or other animal; or to ride, drive or propel, or cause to be ridden, driven or propelled,
 any vehicle at a rate of speed greater than fifteen miles per hoar in, upon or along the public
 highways, streets, roads, alleys, lanes, avenues, boulevards, strips, paths or squares within
the limits of the City of Las Vegas.

Any persons firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this section shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor	and	upon conviction thereof	shall be punished by a fine of not less

than Ten Dollars nor more than	One	Hundred Dollars or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period

of not less than Five Days nor	more than Fifty Days or by	both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 2. Section seven	(7)	of said ordinance No. 66	is hereby repealed.

Section 3. This ordinance shall take effect from and after its passage and publication for a
period of one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper printed and published
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Passed on second reading August 17th, 1921, upon the following vote: Commissioners Brickie,



Hodgens and His Honor the Mayor, Chas. Ireland, voting aye. Noes. none. First reading Aug. 3, 1921.

Approved:

Chas. Ireland,

Attest:	Mayor.

Florence S. Doherty,



(seal)	City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen
of the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 85 of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true
and correct copy, was published in said paper one consecutive issues, on the fallowing dates to-wit:
August 20, 1921.

Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th day of August, A.D. 1921.

	Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.