Ordinance, but to be entitled to receive such amount the member of such Board of examination
must have participated in the holding of such examination.

Sec. 4. Said Board of Examination shall have the power and it shall be its duty to
cancel add annul the certificate of registration provided for in the proceeding 
sections of this Ordinance, of any person holding the same, should it ascertain: 1. That
such person has done, or habitually does any work does any work in his profession,
which indicates that the holder of such certificate is unqualified to practice such
profession. 2. That such person has practiced fraud or deception in procuring the 
certificate of registration. 5. That such person practices fraud or deception in the practice
of his profession. 4. That such person has been convicted of a felony.

In prescribing procedure for the determination of the truth of falsity of any charge
against a registered civil engineer and/or surveyor having for its purpose the revocation
of his certificate of registration the accused person shall in every case have
reasonable notice of and opportunity to appear and be heard at any meeting thereon.

It shall be unlawful, for any person, whose certificate of registration has been
cancelled or annulled, to again engage in the work of his profession of civil engineer
and/or surveyor in the City of Las Vegas until he has been reinstates by the Board
of Examination and a new certificate of registration issued him.

Sec. 5. A license shall be required of a level man, instrument man, transit man or
other person considered in responsible charge of work in the profession in field or
office and they may obtain same without being registered by furnishing an affidavit that
they are working under a registered engineer and/or surveyor, and such license shall only
allow them to work under a registered civil engineer and/or surveyor. The amount and
time of the payment of the license fee shall be the same as that provided for in Section
 3 hereinabove. No such registration or license shall be required of laborers, ax-
man, rodman, flagmen, chairmen or others performing labor in a minor capacity. The terms
of this Ordinance shall not apply to engineers working for the United States Government,
 the State of Nevada or any railroad company unless they engage inprivate practice
as a civil engineer and/or surveyor in the City of Las Vegas, nor shall the same apply
to non-resident engineers and/or surveyors who come into the City of Las Vegas for 
consultation, collecting information or to give expert testimony in court.

Sec. 6. All maps of surveys which must be approved by the Board of City Commissioners
 of the City of Las Vegas shall be certified by a registered and licensed civil
engineer and/or surveyor.



Sec. 7. Definitions. A surveyor, within the meaning of this Ordinance is one who
practices the art of surveying. A civil engineer within the meaning of this ordinance
is one who practices any branch of the profession of engineering other than as mining,
metallurgical, military, or in architecture. The profession of civil engineering embraces
the design and supervision of the construction of all public and private utilities
 and other works which require experience, and the same technical knowledge as
engineering schools of recognized reputation prescribed for graduation, except those
in connection with mining operations exclusively.

Exceptions. This ordinance shall not apply so far as relates to the completion
of existing contracts held by any civil engineer and/or surveyor at the date of its
going into effect for civil engineering and/or surveying services to be performed in
said City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 8. It shall be unlawful for any surveyor or civil engineer to permit another
who is not registered and licensed to operate tinder his registration and/or license
except in such line as does not require registration and license, unless such person
is employed by such registered civil engineer and/or surveyor and holds a license as
hereinabove provided.

Sec. 9. Engineers and/or surveyors from outside the City of Las Vegas, except
those specifically excepted in Sec. 7 hereinabove, who are employed by the City of Las
Vegas on municipal works, county work of the County of Clark, or state work of the State
of Nevada, shall be governed by this Ordinance, except in the matter of six months
residence in the State of Nevada, for the period of the particular for which they are
employed. After the completion of the said work, if such engineer and/or surveyors
desire to continue the practice of the profession in Las Vegas, they shall be governed
by this Ordinance in its entirety, except that he shall be entitled to have credited
upon the residence requirement such period as he shall have been in the employment of
the City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 10. Any person, firm or corporation found guilty of a violation of this Ordinance,
 or any section thereof, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction
 thereof, shall be punishable by a fine of not exceeding two hundred dollars, or
by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period not exceeding one hundred days or by
both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 11. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions
of this Ordinance are hereby repealed.

Sec. 12. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after a period of ten days
after its passage, approval and complete publication for a period of one week (3 issues)
in Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 14 day of March 1930 by the following vote of the Board
of City Commissioners: Commissioners Smith, Hansell, and Thomas, voting Ave. Noes none.

First reading Feb. 6, 1930
Final reading Mar. 14, 1930.

Approved this 14 day of March 1930.

J. F. Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

City Seal.