pipe shall be left open or empty during the night, or when work is not actually going on therein

and if any line or pipe be open at the time of quitting work, or when an alarm of fire is given

a cap or thimble shall immediately be placed closely over the mouth of such pipe, and the water

be left in as far as possible for the use of the Fire Department of the City. Any person,

superintendent, foreman or agent having charge or control of any pipe or hydrant, in doing or

ordering work done in or upon the same, who shall violate any provision of this section shall

be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall for each offence be fined not less

than ten not more the three hundred dollars.

Section 4. Regulation No. 7, appearing water franchise granted by the Board of County
Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada to Las Vegas Land & Water Company on November 1st, 1909.
and reading as follows: "The grantee reserves the right to shut off water without notice for
the purpose of making repairs or extensions," is hereby repealed and annulled.

Section 5. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 6. This ordinance shall take effect from and after its passage and publication
according to law.

Read first time December 9, 1911.

Second reading January 3, 1912.

Passed this 3, day of January, 1912. upon the following vote.

Ayes: Commissioners Coughlin, McGovern, Stewart, Von Tobel, and Mayor, aye,

( SEAL)	Peter Buol. Mayor.

Attest:	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is a Citizen of the
United States over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Nevada,
and that the ordinance No. 24, of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached is a true and
correct copy, was published in said paper one issue on the following date, to-wit: January 13,
1912.	Chas. C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22nd, day of January, A.D. 1912.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 25.	

	

	

An ordinance relating to the planting of Trees on the streets of Las Vegas.	

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. From and after the passage of this ordinance it shall be unlawful for any person
or persons, society or corporation to plant cause to be planted on any of the sidewalks or
other places in the City of Las Vegas, outside of the property line, any tree or shrub, so that
the center of the tree or shrub shall be more or less than two and one half feet from the inside
of the street curbing. Section 2, any person or persons, society or corporation plating trees

or shrubs upon the sidewalks or other places in the City of Las Vegas, outside of the property
lines, in violation of this ordinance shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction
thereof shall for each offence be punished by a fine not less than five Dollars nor more than Ten
Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail until such fine is paid, not exceeding one day for
each two dollars of such fine in case such fine is not paid. Passed as an emergency ordinance

on first reading upon the consent of the entire Board this 7th, day of February, 1912, upon the
following vote: Ayes Commissioners von Tobel, Stewart, Coughlin and Mayor Buol.