Approved this 7th day of April, 1920

W. E. FERRON

Mayor.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

Chas. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of

the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 78 of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true and
correct copy, was published in said paper one consecutive issues, on the following dates, to wit:

April 10, 1920.	Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 12th day of April, A. D. 1920.

Harley A. Harmon
City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO. 79

 An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, providing for the Improvement of Third Street by Constructing
Cement and Concrete Sidewalk on the West Side of said Street, and Providing for the Payment Therefor

by Special Assessment.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SEC. 1. - It is hereby ordered that a cement, concrete sidewalk shall be constructed along the west
side of Third Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, commencing at the north side of the east front of
Lot (24) twenty-four, in Block (18) eighteen of said Townsite, and running thence southerly the

west side of Third street to its intersection with Clark street, excepting Block (20) twenty. Said 
sidewalk shall be constructed in accordance with the provisions of	Ordinance No. 47 of the	City of Las

Vegas and in accordance with the plats and diagrams of said	work on file in the office of the City Clerk

SBC. 2.- Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of ground fronting on the west
side of said Third street and abutting upon said improvement, and the cost thereof shall be collected
by special assessment and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots and premises abutting upon such 
improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage. The cost and expense of such improvement
shall include the cost of surveys, plans, assessment, cost of construction and all fees and compensation
properly chargeable in the work of making such special assessment. In case the amount of any special
assessment upon any lot or preraises shall exceed twenty (20%) per cent of the value of such lot or 
premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for the State and County taxation, such cost
exceeding said twenty (20%) per cent shall be paid from the general fund of the City.

SBC. 5- The assessment district for said improvement shall includes the lots and premises, as follows:
 Lots 24, 23 and 22 in Block number eighteen; lots 23 to 152 both numbers inclusive, and lot 12, in

Block number nineteen; lots 17 to 32 both number inclusive,	in	Block number twenty-one; lots 17 to	32

both numbers inclusive in Block number twenty-two. There is excepted from said district Block number 20

SBC. 4 -The said work shall be done under contract to be let by this Board to the lowest responsible
bidder and upon such conditions as the Board of City Commissioners may prescribe in the letting of
such contract.

SBC. 5- A Special assessment is hereby required to be made pro rata upon the lots in the above 
described special assessment district, according to frontage; and the City Assessor is hereby directed
immediately upon the passage of this Ordinance to make such special assessment according to frontage
and he is hereby directed to assess the sum of One Thousand Bight Hundred Thirty-Seven ($1,837.00)
Dollars, the sum being the amount hereby determined necessary to cover the cost of such improvement.

From the date of the approval of the assessment roll the special assessment shall constitute a lien
upon the respective lots or premises or parcels of ground assessed.

This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and publication for

one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.