that the same shall read as follows:

"Sec. 7. Any and all persons who shall violate any of the provisions of this ordinance
or fail to comply therewith, or who shall violate or fail to comply with any order or regulation
made thereunder, or who shall build in violation of any detailed statement of specification or
plans submitted and approved thereunder, or who shall build in violation of any detailed statement
or specification or plans submitted and approved thereunder, or any certificate or permit issued
thereunder, shall severally for each and every such violation and non-compliance respectively, forfeit
 and pay a penalty in the sum of One Hundred Dollars. The imposition of one penalty for any
violation of this ordinance shall not excuse the violation, or permit it to continue; and all such
persons shall be required to correct or remedy such violations or defects within a reasonable time;
and when not otherwise specified, each ten days that prohibited conditions are maintained shall 
conditions are maintained shall constitute a separate offense.

"Any such wooden structure or part of the same, which may be erected, enlarged or removed
or which may be in the process of erection, or enlargement, or removal, contrary in either case to
the provisions hereof, shall be deemed and is hereby declared a nuisance. Whenever any wooden
structure or part of the same shall be erected, enlarged, or removed, or in the process of erection,
 enlargement or removal, contrary to the provisions of this ordinance, upon information it shall
be the duty of the Police and Fire Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, or in tide case of his 
absence, inability, neglect or refusal so to do, then the Mayor of said City, to issue an order to the
owner, occupant, person in charge, or builder thereof, to have such building taken down or removed
to same place outside the fire limits forthwith: and, upon refusal or neglect of such person to
comply with the requirements of such order within forty-eight hours after having received the same
the said Police and Fire Commissioner, or the Mayor, as the case may be, shall cause said building
to be taken down and removed, and the expense thereof may be recovered of the owner of such 
building by suit in any court of competent jurisdiction. The provision herein specified for the taking
down and removal, or taking down, or removal, shall be deemed cumulative to tide remedy by way of
penalty hereinabove provided for."

Sec. 5. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper published in Las
Vegas, Nevada.

Sec. 6. The necessity appearing to the Board that an emergency existed therefor, it was,
upon motion of Commissioner, W.H. Elwell, seconded by Commissioner C. P. Ball, ordered that this
ordinance be passed as an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows: Ball, aye; Elwell, 



aye; Miller, aye; Ullom, aye; and His Honor,  the mayor W.H. Hawkins, aye. Noes: None

Passed by the Board of Commissioners this 28th day of June, 1918, upon the following vote:
Ball, aye; Elwell, aye; Miller, aye; Ullom, aye; and His Honor, the mayor W. E. Hawkins, aye. Noes: None. First
reading June 20, 1918, second reading June 28, 1918.

Approved :

W. E. Hawking,

Mayor.

Attest:	Harley A. Harmon,

City Clerk.

(Seal)