AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss
County of Clark)

C. P. Squires, being duly sworn, disposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 186
was published in said newspaper for a period of one week from April 14th, 1932

to April 21, 1932 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates

 to-wit: April 14, 15, 16, 17, 19, 20 and 21, 1932

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the legal charge for publishing the same was

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st day of April 1932.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

Notarial Seal.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

	ORDINANCE NO. 187.

An Ordinance creating the office of Fire Marshal, and defining his powers and
duties.

THE BOARD 0F COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That there is hereby created the office of Fire Marshall. The Fire
Marshal shall be a member of the Las Vegas Fire Department and shall be appointed
by the Board of City Commissioners. The Fire Marshal shall at all times answerable
to the Chief of the Fire Department, and shall follow and obey his instructions.

Section 2. It shall be the duties of the Fire Marshall to enforce all laws
and Ordinances of the City of Las Vegas, covering the following:

1.	The prevention of fires.

2.	The storage and use of explosives and inflammables.

3.	The installation and maintenance of automatic and other fire alarm systems,
and fire extinguishing equipment.

4. The maintenance and regulation of fire escapes.

5. The means and adequacy of exit in case of fire, from factories, schools,
hotels, lodging houses, asylums, hospitals, churches, halls, theaters, 
amphitheaters, and all other places in which numbers of persons work, live
or congregate from time to time, for any purpose.

6.	The investigation of the cause, origin, and circumstances of fires.

He shall have such other power and perform such other duties as may be set
forth in other section s of this ordinance, and as may be conferred and imposed from time
to time by law. The Chief of the Fire Department may delegate any of his powers or duties
under this ordinance to the Fire Marshal.

Nothing herein provided shall in any way be construed to restrict or limit
any of the duties or powers heretofore imposed or conferred upon the Building Inspector
of the City of Las Vegas, but shall be deemed to be concurrent therewith. Said Fire 
Marshal shall be allowed such compensation as may be determined by said Board, from time
to time, or may serve without compensation.

Section 3. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after
its passage and publication for one week (six issues) in Las Vegas Review-Journal, a
daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of said City, held on the 4th day of May, 1932, upon the following vote: Commissioners
Mundy, German, Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

First reading May 3, 1932.

Second reading May 4th, 1932.

Approved this 4th day of May, 1932.

E. W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
County of Clark)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
Las Vegas Evening-Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of six days from May 5th
to May 11th inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: