

		ORDINANCE NO. 159.



An Ordinance regulating the doing of plumbing work and providing for the examination
of persons engaged in the same, and creating an examining board, providing a penalty for
the violation thereof, and repealing all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict
therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Sec. 1. Examination. No person, as principal, agent, manager, or employee, shall
conduct, manage or carry on the trade, business or calling of a master plumber, or work
as a journeyman plumber, or do any plumbing work of any kind or description in the City
of Las Vegas, for which a plumbing permit is required, without first having submitted
to a practical examination before, and obtaining from, the examining board of plumbers
of the City of Las Vegas a certificate of competency showing such person to have sufficient
 practical experience and sufficient knowledge to do plumbing work. Any master
plumber or journeyman plumber, who has failed to pass the examination, will not be
allowed to appear before the board for further examination until the expiration of a
period of thirty days from the date of such examination.

Sec. 13. Examining Board. The examining Board of plumbers of the City of Las Vegas
shall consist of the Plumbing Inspector, one master plumber one journeyman plumber.

The one master plumber and one journeyman plumber shall be appointed and serve during
the pleasure of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and shall
qualify by subscribing to the official oath of office as prescribed by the statutes of the
State of Nevada.

Sec. 3. Examination fees. The fee for examination by said examining board of
plumbers shall be Five Dollars for each master plumber and Two and One Half Dollars for
each journeyman plumber, for the first examination, payable in advance to the secretary
of said board; and no fee shall be charged for renewal of certificates and said fees
collected by the examining board shall be paid to the City Clerk on the first day of
each calendar year.

Sec. 4. Master Plumber. For the purpose of this ordinance a master plumber
shall be deemed to be the person engaged in or carrying on the business of plumbing
or doing plumbing work, including the laying of cast iron sewers.

Sec. 5. Journeyman Plumber. For the purpose of this ordinance a journeyman
plumber shall be deemed to be any person who is employed to do plumbing work for wages
or salary, but who does not furnish any materials or supplies in the execution or
performance of plumbing work.

Sec. 6. Apprentice. For the purpose of this ordinance an apprentice shall be
deemed to be any person doing plumbing work under the supervision and in the presence
of a certified master plumber or a certified journeyman plumber, and such apprentice
is required to have a permit from said examining board or plumbers to do such plumbing
work.

Sec. 7. Certificates. The examining board of plumbers shall give an examination
to every applicant for a certificate to do plumbing works in the City of Las Vegas
within two weeks after the filing of the application therefor and the payment of the
fee incident thereto: and every applicant passing such examination to the satisfaction
of said examining board shall receive from said Board a certificate of competency as a
master plumber, or a journeyman plumber in accordance with his application; and such
certificate of competency shall authorize the holder thereof to do plumbing work in
the City of Las Vegas until the first day of January next succeeding the date thereof.

Sec. 8. Certificate Renewals. All the certificates issued by the examining board
of plumbers shall expire on the last day of December of each year unless sooner revoked.
Every master or journeyman plumber, holding a certificate of competency issued by said
examining board of plumbers, may during the month of December of each year, make
application to the examining board of plumbers for an extension of such certificate of
competency for an additional year, and said examining board of plumbers, if satisfied
that the holder of such certificate of competency is competent to do plumbing work,
shall grant an extension of such certificate of competency for an additional year without
 examination. No. plumber failing to make such application and to obtain such extended
certificate of competency, during said time, shall do any plumbing work, in the City of
Las Vegas, after the expiration of the certificate of competency then held without
taking the examination and paying the full fee herein provided for persons originally
desiring to do plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 9. Age Limit. No person shall receive a certificate of competency as a
master plumber who has not attained the age of twenty-one years or who has not established
 a place of business in the City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 10. Registration. The plumbing inspector shall prepare and keep a register
 showing the name and address of every person, firm or corporation, together with
the names of the members of such firm and the officers of such corporation, carrying on
the business of a merchant plumber, or a plumbing business in the City of Las Vegas,
showing the name and address of every master plumber, every journeyman plumber, and every
plumber's apprentice licensed or permitted to do plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas;
and shall keep said register up to date by the endorsement of all changes therein and
additions thereto.

Sec. 11. Revocation of Certificates. Said examining board shall have the power

and it shall be its duty to cancel and annul the certificate provided for in this Ordinance
of any person holding the same, should it ascertain that such person or persons have done
or habitually do any work, or cause on permit or allow to be done any work not in strict
accordance with approved plumbing methods as defined by any Ordinance of the City of Las
Vegas, or which said Board may regard as dangerous to health, and it shall be unlawful
for any person, whose certificate has been so cancelled or annulled, to again engage in
such work until he has been reinstated by the Examining Board and a new certificate
issued to him.