be number section 13½ and shall read as follows:

Section 13½ during the hours it is made unlawful by this ordinance to sell, serve or give away,
or cause or permit to be sold, served or given away, spirituous, vinous, malt or mixed intoxicating
liquors in a retail liquor establishment, saloon, tippling house, sample room, bar room, drinking
place, restaurant, club, club room or drug store, such places shall be closed at there street entrances
 with doors containing a clear, transparent glass panel, of dimensions at least eighteen inches
(18) inches by 36 inches Thirty six inches, set in said door so that the bottom of said glass panel
shall be not less than two feet nor more than four and one half feet from the bottom of the door
and it shall be unlawful for the owner, proprietor, manager, or other person having charge or
control of any such retail liquor establishment, saloon, tippling house, sample room, bar room,
drinking place, restaurant, club, club room or drug store, or any employe thereof, to place or to
permit or cause to be placed any thing on either side of said glass panel in such a way or position
as to hinder or obstruct the free view from outside the door closing the entrance into the interior
of said retail liquor establishment, saloon, tippling house, sample room, bar room, drinking
place, restaurant, club, club room, or drug store.

Section 4. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age a weekly newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners held on the fourth day of February 1914 and read for the second
time and passed at its meeting on the 1st day of April 1914 by the following vote to-wit- commissioners
 Griffith, Curtis, Sullivan, and his honor the Mayor, aye, Noes None.

(SEAL) Approved this 1st, day of April 1914,	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

State of Nevada)

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 57, of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 4th
day of April, 1914 inclusive being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit- April
 4th, 1914. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named, That the charge for publishing the same was.	Signed Chas. P. Squires,

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st day of December A.D. 1914.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

	

Ordinance No. 58.

An Ordinance providing for the Collection of a dog tax or license.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That from and after the first day of January, 1915, there is hereby levied upon and
against each and every dog now in or which may come into the City of las Vegas Nevada, the following
sums of money, fees or taxes, viz; For each male dog, $2.50 dollars, for each female dog $5.00
dollars, which said sums of money shall be due and must be paid annually on the first day of January

of each and every year. For each	dog coming or brought into the said City after the day fixed for the payment

and collection of such license fee or tax the full annual license or tax for the currant year shall
be immediately collected and paid.

Section 2. It is hereby made the duty of every person owning, keeping or harboring any dog,  