	Ordinance No. 32.

An ordinance Creating certain funds for the City of Las Vegas, Regulating the Finances and
taxes thereof, defining the duties of officers, and other matters relating thereto.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

section. The revenues of the City shall be apportioned by the Treasurer, as paid in, to
the respective funds to which they belong, as far as possible and there are hereby established
in addition to funds allready created the following named funds, to-wit:- General fund, General
Expence fund, Cash Bases fund, Salary fund, City Light fund, Police Department fund, Fire 
Department Fund, Sewerage Bond fund, Las Vegas Sewerage Interest fund, Las Sewerage sinking fund, and
City Farm fund. All sums which the Treasurer cannot identify, or which shall not be directed to
particular fund by the Board of City Commissioners or by the City Clerk, shall be apportioned to
the General fund. The cash basis fund shall a permanent revolving fund, for the purposes of putting
the payment of running expenses of the City on a cash basis. For this purpose it is hereby provided
that, from the money collected from the annual tax levy and from moneys received from ether sources
a sum equal to not less than five cents on each one hundred dollars of the assessed value of said
property shall be placed in such fund until the accumulated amount in such fund shall be 
sufficient to meet all legal demands against the treasury for the first three months or ether necessary
period of the succeeding fiscal year. The provisions of this paragraph shall not relate to or
affect the moneys provided for the street Fund under Ordinance No. 23. The Board of City
Commissioners shall have power to transfer from such Cash Basis Fund to any other Fund or Funds
such sums or sums as may be required for the purpose of placing such funds or funds as nearly as
possible, on a cash basis. It shall be The duty of the Board of City Commissioners to provide
that all money so transferred from the cash basis Fund be returned thereto before the end of the
fiscal year.

Section 2. The fiscal year of the City shall commence upon the First day of January and end on

the thirty first day of December of each year.



Section 3. On or before the first Monday in November in each year the heads of departments shall
send to the commissioner of Finance and Revenue a careful estimate in writing of the amounts,
specifying in detail the objects thereof, required for the business and proper conduct of their
respective departments during the next ensuing fiscal year.

Section 4. On or before the First Monday in December in each year, the Commissioner of Finance
and Revenue shall submit to the Board of City Commissioners an estimate of the probable 	

expenditures of the City government for the next ensuing fiscal year, stating the amount required
to meet the interest and sinking funds for the outstanding funded indebtedness of the City, and
the wants of all the departments of the municipal government in detail, and shewn specifically
the amount necessary to be provided for each fund and department; also an estimate of the amount
of income from fines, licenses and other sources of revenue exclusive of taxes upon property, and
the probable amount to be levied and raised by taxation.

Section 5. The Board of City Commissioners shall annually net later than at their regular meeting

in January in each year make a budget of the estimated amounts required to pay the expenses of



conducting the business of the City Government for the next ensuing fiscal year. The budget shall be 
prepared in such detail as to the aggregate sum and items thereof allowed to each department
office, board, fund or commission as the Board of City Commissioners may deem advisable. No part
of the items so allowed each department, office, board or commission shall be transferred to
any other department, office, board or commission, unless by unanimous consent and the consent
of the department, office, board or commission affected.

Section 6. The Beard of City Commissioners shall on or before the first Monday of March of each

year, fix the rate of City taxes, designating as to each fund the number of cents on each hundred