City of Las Vegas. Upon motion of commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Griffith
and duly carried it was ordered that said ordinance be passed as read, the vote on said resolution
being as follows, to-wit:- Commissioner Griffith, aye, Smith, aye, Curtiss, No, and his honor the
Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Read first time December 3rd, 1913. Read second time January, 7th, 1914.

(SEAL)	Approved W.E. Hawkins Mayor.

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of publication.

State of Nevada)

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the Las Vegas

Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County

of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No, 31 of the City of Las Vegas, was

continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 10th, day of January

1914, inclusive, being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: January 10, 1914.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the

said charge for publishing the same was $_____________________. Signed. Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th, day of March, A.D. 1914.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

	ORDINANCE NO. 52.	

   An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvement of First Street by constructing
 cement concrete sidewalks on the East side of said street, and providing for the payment 
therefor by special assessment.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It is hereby ordered that a cement, concrete sidewalK shall be constructed along
the East side of First street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, commencing at a point where the alley
which runs easterly and westerly through Block 14 intersects First street, and running thence along
the East side of First street to its intersection with Garcia Street, excepting lots 15 and 16 in
block No. 14 said sidewalk shall be constructed in accordance with the provisions of Ordinance No.

47 of the City of Las Vegas and in accordance with the plats and diagrams of said worK on file in
  the office of the City Clerk.

  Section 2. Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of ground fronting on
the East side of said First Street and abutting upon said improvement, and the cost thereof shall
be collected by special assessment and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots and premises abutting
 upon such improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage. The cost and expense of
said improvement shall include the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, cost of construction and
all fees and compensation properly chargeable in the work of making such special assessment. In
case the amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premises shall exceed twenty per cent
of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment toll for
State and County taxation, such cost exceeding said twenty per cent, shall be paid from the
general fund of the City.

Section, 3, The assessment district for said improvement shall include the lots and premises
within the following boundaries, to-wit:- Commencing at the intersection of the alley in said block
14 with First street; thence southerly along the East line of First street to its intersection
with Garcia street; thence easterly along Garcia street to its intersection with the alley in
 block No. 9; thence northerly along said alley through blocks Nos. 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, and 14, to its

intersection with the alley running easterly and westerly through said block No. 14, thence