C. D. Breeze	

Notary Public in and for Clark

County, Nevada
My Commission Expires

May 26, 1931	(SEAL)



ORDINANCE NO. 127

An Ordinance to Amend, Revise and re-enact Section 22 of Ordinance No. 66 of the City
   of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance regulating travel and traffic upon the public streets

 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada," and further amending said Ordinance by adding thereto
sections to be known as Sections 21a and 21b respectively, and to repeal all ordinances and
parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section 22 of said Ordinance No. 66 is hereby amended, revised and 



reenacted so as to read as follows:

"Section 22. It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle to stop the same, or 
cause the same to be stopped, in or upon any street with the wheel of wheels of such vehicle
nearest the curb more than two feet distant from such curb, and unless such vehicle shall
stand parallel to such curb or shall stand headed toward such curb at an angle of not more
than forty-five degrees in relation to such curb; provided, however, that on any street
which is now designated, or by this ordinance is designated, or which may hereafter be 
designated by ordinance as a boulevard, any such vehicle when stopped, as herein provided, shall
stand parallel to such curb and with the two right hand wheels of the vehicle within two
feet of such curb; provided further, that the provisions of this section shall not apply
in the case of emergency, or when such stop is made for the purpose of allowing another
vehicle or pedestrian to pass in front of such vehicle so stopped, or in compliance with the
order or signal from a police officer or in compliance with any ordinance or regulation

governing boulevard stops."

Section 2. Said ordinance is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted by adding thereto

a new section to be known as Section 21a, to read as follows:

Section 21a Boulevard Stops. The following streets and roads and parts of streets
and roads are hereby declared to constitute boulevards for the purpose of this Ordinance.

Main Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, from its intersection with Fremont Street
in said Townsite to the northerly limit of said Main Street; thence along the highway, 
connecting with the northerly limit of said Main Street, to the northerly limit of said City of

Las Vegas.	

Fremont Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite from the westerly limit of the intersection
of said Main and Fremont Streets to the easterly limit of the intersection of Fremont and

Fifth Streets in said Townsite.

Fifth Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite from its intersection with said Fremont to
the southerly limit of Fifth Street; thence along the highway connecting with the said southerly
limit of Fifth Street to the southerly limit of said City of Las Vegas.

Every operator of a vehicle traversing any road or street intersecting any boulevard
shall stop such vehicle at the place where such road or street meets the nearest property
line of the boulevard before entering such boulevard, provided the property line is clearly
marked or signposted as required by this Ordinance.

The Commissioner of Streets and Public Property is hereby authorized and required to
place and maintain or cause to be placed or maintained upon each and every road or street
intersecting a boulevard and at the property line of the boulevard appropriate signs upon
the road or street, as the case may be, such signs to bear the word "STOP" or the words

"BOULEVARD STOP" or the words "BOULEVARD STOP CROSSING" in such position and with letters

	of a size to be clearly legible from a distance of fifty  feet along the road or street, as

			

the case may be, intersecting the boulevard.