For each Blacksmith shop, $3.23 per quarter.

For each tailor and cleaning shop. $3.23 per quarter.

For each millinery establishment, $3.23 per quarter.

For each Banker or broker, $7.30 per quarter.

For each manufacturing of soda water, $3.00 per quarter.



For each patenet medicine agency , $3.00 per quarter.

For each wholesale liquor house , $10.00 per quarter.

For each dray and express wagon, $3.00 per quarter.

For each Building and loan association or agent thereof. , $10.00 per quarter.
For each fruit and lemonade stand, $3.23 per quarter.

For each boot and shoe store, $3.23 per quarter.

For each undertaking establishment, $7.30 per quarter.

For each theater or moving picture show, $7.30 per quarter.

For each boot- black stand occupying street or sidewalk space, $2.50 per quarter.

For each trade or $$$$$ing merchandise paying slot machine, $15.00 per quarter.

For each pleasure resort or swimming -pool, $3.00 per quarter.



For each lawyer or firm of lawyers, $3.00 per quarter.

For each firm or firm of doctors, $3.00 per quarter.

For each dentist or firm of dentists, $3.00 per quarter
For each electrician , $3.23 per quarter.

Sec. 3, Every person or firm of persons whos shall engage in or allow any of the above
mentioned businesses, avocations, callings or occupations within the City of Las Vegas, without
first having procured and obtained from said City, the license so to do, shall be fined in the
sum of not exceeding Fifty Dollars, and shall be imprisoned in the City Jail one day for each
two dollars of such fine, untill such fine be paid, and the judge of the Municipal Court of
the City of Las Vegas shall have jurisdiction of all acts and proceedings for the violation
hereof, The necessity appearing and it being duly moved and seconded and voted unanimously
by all the Board present this ordinance was introduced and passed as an emergency ordinance.

The for going ordinance was read in full to the Board, After due consideration by the
Board it was on motion of Commissioners Coughlin seconded by Commissioner McGovern and duly
carried ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read and the Clerk instructed to
have the same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as Follows, Von Tobel Mayor
pro tem aye, Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern, aye,	Signed Ed  Von Tobel Mayor protem

Attest: Harley A. Harmon Clerk.

 Affidavite of Publication	

Chas, C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is a Citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years, that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 1, of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached
is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper for one week issue on the following
dates to-wit:- July 13th, 1911,	Signed Chas, C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me his 18th, day of July A.D. 1911.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon , City Clerk.