it more than eighteen (18) hours.

Sec. 12. It shall be unlawful for any person to maliciously or mischievously secrete
or impound the animal, animals or fowls of another or to knowingly aid or abet therein.

Sec. 13. The Pound Master for impounding and posting up notices shall on all animals
collect fees for his services as follows: One Dollar per head for horses, mules, burros,

asses or cattle; Fifty cents per head for calves, goats, sheep and swine, and Ten Cents
per head for all fowls; for feeding Horses, mules, burros, asses and cattle One Dollar
per day; for calves, goats, sheep and swine, One Dollar per day, and for fowls ten cents
per day, per head. Fees for advertising and sale shall be One Dollar each for horses, mules
burros, asses and cattle; Fifty cents each for goats, sheep, calves and swine, and ten
cents each, for fowls.

Sec. 14. It shall be the duty of the City Pound Master to make monthly and file with
the City Clerk on or before the date of the regular monthly meeting of the Board of
City Commissioners each month, a sworn statement of the business transacted by him in
connection with the City Pound, showing in detail all animals and fowls received, sold,
advertised or handled by him, together with a detailed statement under oath of all
moneys received and expended by him, and it shall be his duty to turn into the City
Treasury on or before said last mentioned date each month all moneys received by him in
virtue of said office, during the preceding month.

Sec. 15. It shall be unlawful for any person to take his own animal or fowl, or that
of any other person out of the custody of the person holding the same for damages done
by it, or out of the City Pound by stealth, fraud, or by force; and it shall be unlawful
for any person to interrupt or hinder any one while in the discharge of his duty under
the provisions of this Ordinance.

Sec. 16. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by a fine
of not less than Five Dollars, or more than One Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in
the City Jail not less than two and one-half days, or more than Fifty days, or by both
such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 17. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict with this Ordinance
are hereby repealed, so far as the same may conflict therewith; provided, the term "animal"
used herein shall not be deemed to include dogs, and the Ordinance of the City of Las
Vegas relating to dogs. Ordinance No. 5 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance
to Prohibit Stock Running at Large" is hereby specifically repealed.

Sec. 18. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage and adoption and publication for one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Age, a
weekly newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 19. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed
to have this Ordinance No. 101 published one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Age a weekly
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted the 3rd day of July, 1923, by the following vote: Commissioners
Anderson, Arnold, Elwell and Shield and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

First reading June 19, 1923.

Second reading July 3rd, 1923.

 Approved this 3 day of July, 1923.

W. C. German_________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty

City Clerk

Seal.