	CONSTITUTIONALITY	

SECTION XII. If any section, sub-section, clause or phrase of this ordinance
reason held to be unconstitutional such decision shell not effect the
validity of the remaning portions of this ordinance. The Board of City Commissioners
hereby declares that it would have passed this ordinance, and each section subsection,
 sentence, clause and phrase thereof, irrespective of the fact that any one
or more other sections, sub-sections, sentences, clauses, or phrases shall be declared
unconstitutional.

PENALTY

SECTION XIII. (a) Every person, firm, or corporation violating any of the
provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon 

conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than five ($5.00) Dollars
nor more than three hundred ($300.00) or by imprisonment in the city jail for a 
period of not less than two days (2), nor more than one hundred and fifty (150) days
or by both such fine, and imprisonment.	

(b) Every person, firm or Corporation violating any of the provisions of this
ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a separate offence for each day or portion there
of during which such violation continues, and shall be punishable therefor as
herein provided.

DATE OF EFFECT.

SECTION XIV. This ordinance shall take effect upon its passage and
publication for one week (six issues) In Las Vegas Review a daily newspaper published
 in the City of Las Vegas. This ordinance shall not apply to installation now
under course of construction or for which contracts have all ready been signed if
exemption is claimed as hereinafter provided. It shall be the duty of each electrical
 contractor to present such claims for exemption to the Bureau of Electrical
Inspection within 48 hours from the time this ordinance becomes effective in
order to take advantage of the exemption herein provided.

SECTION XV. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith
are hereby repealed.

I hereby certify that the fore going ordinance was read for the second
time and passed at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners	

held on the 11th day of June 1929 by the following vote, viz; Commissioners
Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye.

Noes None.

First reading May 2nd, 1929.

Second reading June llth, 1929.

Approved this 11th day of June 1929.

J. F. Hesse.

	Mayor.

City Seal.

Attest

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) SS
County of Clark)



F. F. Garside, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: That he is publisher
of the Las Vegas Review, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed, and published
 at Las Veras, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that that attached
Ordinance No. 137 was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of every
day for one week from June 12 to June 18 inc. inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: June 12, 13, 14,15, 17, 18.

That said newspaper was regularly issues and circulated on each of the dates
above named.

Signed	F. F. Garside

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th day of June 1929.

C. D Breeze

Notary Public in and for

My Commission Expires	Clark County Nevada.

May 26th 1931.

ORDINANCE NO. 138.



	An ordinance regulating the collection and fixing and establishing rates,

	and compensation to be collected by any person, company or corporation collecting 

	garbage in the City of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance No. 80 of the City of Las

 Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Regulating the Storage and 

Removal of Garbage, Offal, and Refuse, Animal and Vegetable Matter" approved January
6th, 1921, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1. That the rates of compensation to be collected by any person,
company or corporation collecting garbage within the City of Las Vegas shall be as
follows:

A. For the removal of garbage, if any, from each residence, house, home,
or place occupied by one family as living quarters, the maximum rate collected from
the owner, occupant, tenant or lessee of such residence, house, home or place for
a regular twice a week removal of garbage during the Months of May, June, July and
August, and for the removal one a week of such garbage during the months of September,
October, Novemver, December, January February, March, and April, shall not exceed
One Dollar ($1.00) per month.