*

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County,
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 81 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the
attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue, on the following date
to-wit: Jane 18th, 1921.	C. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th day of July, A.D. 1921

(seal)	___ Florence S. Doherby, County Clerk, Clark Co. Nevada.

	



	

Ordinance No. 82

An Ordinance to amend Section six (6) of Ordinance No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas, entitle:

"An ordinance to prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license
therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor,
and repealing all ordinances in conflict therewith."

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section 6 of the above-entitled ordinance No. 77 is hereby amended so as to read as
follows:

"Section 6. All licenses herein provided for shall be issued by the City Clerk. The amount of
all license for the carrying on, conducting of any of the games mentioned in Section 1 of this
ordinance, whether the same be a new license or the renewal of one theretofore existing shall
be One Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($150.00) per quarter so long as the licensee deals, plays,
carries on, conducts or operates, or permits to be dealt, played, carried on, operated or 
conducted said games, for either one or two games, and Fifteen Dollars ($15.00) per quarter for
each game in excess of two games, dealt, played, carried on, operated, conducted, or permitted
to be dealt, played, carried on, operated or conducted by such licensee; provided that no
license shall be granted for any portion of any quarter for a less amount than the fall quarterly
 license, to-wit: $150.00 for the games up to and including two games, and $15.00 for each
additional game, said the end of said quarters shall be the last days of March, June, September,
and December of each year said that said license shall not be transferable. Each license shall
specify upon the face thereof the name of the kind of game or games and the number of each

thereof so licensed, and each license shall authorize the party obtaining it to carry on or conduct

 the number and kinds of game or games specified therein, or to do the acts herein permitted
with reference thereto, only at the location or place of business designated in the order granting
such license. The licensee shall be at all times keep posted in a conspicuous place, in the
room where such licensed game or games are being dealt, played, carried on, operated, conducted,
or permitted to be dealt played carried on, operated or conducted, the current license therefor,
 and in the event of the failure so to do the license or licenses therefor may be revoked by
the said Board of City Commissioners. Any licensee holding a valid existing license for any
current quarter may daring such current quarter secure a license for additional games, over
and above two games over and above two games or more for which he so hold a license, for the
remainder of such quarter by paying to the City Clerk the sum of Fifteen Dollars ($15.00)
for each such additional game, and for which the City Clerk shall issue an additional license

for the remainder of such quarter, and the additional licenses shall be upon the same conditions

as though issued under the provisions of Section 4 of this ordinance.

Section 3. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby
repealed.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 15th day of June, 1921, upon the
following vote: Commissioners, Brickie, Hodgens, Martin and Ireland, and His Honor the Mayor,

H. T. Jones, voting aye. Noes none.

Attest: Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk.	Approved. H. T. Jones, Mayor