transferred from the said "Las Vegas Special 1929 Street Lighting Improvement Fund"
to the extent of the amount drawn from the General Fund as soon as said Improvement
Fund shall be in condition to permit the transfer.

Section 9. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, and
adoption and publication for a period of one week, (three issues) in the Las Vegas
Age, a tri-weekly newspaper printed, and published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 10. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the 
City of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance
No. 148, published for one week, (three successive issues) of the Las Vegas Age,
a tri-weekly newspaper printed, and published in said City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 7th day of November 1929, by the following vote:
Commissioners Thomas, Smith, and German, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting
Aye. Noes none.

First reading July 23rd, 1929.

Second reading November 7th, 1929.

Approved this 7th day of November 1929.

J. F. Hesse.

 Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) SS
County of Clark)

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of
Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
#148 was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of three issues
from November 12th to November 16th 1929 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
 for the following dates, to-wit: Nov. 12, 14th, and 16th 1929. That said newspaper
 was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the
charge for publishing the same was $151.00.

Signed C, P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day of November 1929.

C. D. Breeze.

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada

My commission expires May 26th 1931.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 149.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading
for and constructing Asphaltic Concrete Pavement-Durite Process on certain streets, and
portions of streets in said City describing definitely the location of said improvements
providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessment
 upon all the lots included in the special assessment district, hereby established,
according to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain
portions thereof are required to be paid from the general fund of said City of Las Vegas
providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds and also general bonds of the
City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof and other matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS	DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has determined
to make the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, said improvements to be made
in accordance with plats, diagrams and estimates of cost on file in the office of the
City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

To grade and construct Asphaltic Concrete Pavement-Durite Process on the following
streets, and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas:

IN CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

Main Street from Fremont to Garces Street.

First Street from Lewis to Garces Street.

Second Street from Lewis to Garces Street.

Third Street from Lewis to Garces Street.

Fourth Street from Lewis to Garces Street.

Lewis Street from Main to Fourth Street.

Clark Street from Main Street to Fifth Street.

Bonneville Street from Main to Fifth Street.

Garces Street from Main to Fifth Street.

IN SOUTH ADDITION

 Garces Street from Main to Fifth Street.

Section 2. That the cost and expense of making such improvements, as described
in Section 1. of this Ordinance, shall be paid by special assessment to be made according
 to benefits upon the taxable lots and premises situated in the special assessment
district, hereby created, composed of the following lands, to-wit: