or by speeches or oratory, or by any performance upon the streets calculated to draw or collect
a crowd of people about those calling or advertising wares as aforesaid, shall pay a license in
the sum of twenty-five dollars per day; provided, further, that this paragraph shall not apply to
any farmer, who vends or peddles vegetables, berries, fruit, meats or farm product (except dairy
product) raised or grown by him on land owned or rented by him in the County of Clark; provided,
further, that the obtaining of a license to do any of the things or for any business in this ordinance
 specified, shall not authorize or empower the holder of such license to do anything which is
not or may hereafter he made unlawful by any ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, or other law
applicable thereto.

(43) For each milk peddler—-----------------------------------------------------$5.00 Per quarter.

Section 3. This ordinance shall take effect and begin force from and after the 31st
day of March, 1919, and after the passage thereof shall be published for a period of one week
(one issue) in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 4. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby

repealed.

Passed by the Board of Commissioners this 5th day of March, 1919, upon the following
vote: Miller, Elwell and His Honor Mayor Hawkins voting aye. Nones

Approved:	W. E. Hawkins Mayor

Attest:	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

R. J. Young, Jr., being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen

of the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Chief Clerk of the Clark
County Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, and that the City Ordinance No. 74 of which the attached is a true and
correct copy, was published in said paper One (1) consecutive issues, on the following date, to-wit:	

March 8, 1919.

R. J. Young, Jr.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th day of April, A. D. 1919.

Harley A. Harmon

City Clerk.