First reading March 25, 1931. Second reading April 22, 1931.

Approved this 22 day of April, 1931.

J. F. Hesse
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns City Clerk.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: That he is Foreman of the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week, every day from
April 23, 1931 to April 30, 1931 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: Apr. 23-24-25-27-28-29-30, 1931.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th day of April 1931.

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires 1/12/35.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 168.

An ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas, establishing a residence
district, industrial and commercial districts within the said City of Las Vegas; defining
 such districts; declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain, or operate certain
 factories, works, or establishments within said residence districts and said commercial
 districts; regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and rebuilding
 of certain works or establishments in said districts; providing penalties for
the violation of said Ordinance, and repealing ordinances in conflict therewith.

	The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1.

That all of the City of Las Vegas is hereby established as and declared to be a
residence district, excepting therefrom those portions of the City included within the
boundaries of the hereinafter described commercial districts and industrial districts.

Section 11.

That the commercial districts are hereby created and established within the said
City as described as follows:

The commercial district hereby defined as:

All frontage on Fremont Street from Main Street to the east City limits to a
depth not exceeding 150 feet; all frontage on Fifth Street from the south city limits to
the north city limits to a depth not exceeding one hundred fifty (150) feet; all lots
fronting on First Street from Bridger Street to Stewart Street; all lots fronting on
Second Street from Stewart Street to Clark Street; all lots fronting on Third Street
from Stewart Street to Bridger Street; all lots fronting on Fourth Street from Stewart
Street to Bridger Street. All lots on Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh
and Twelfth Streets from Stewart Street to Carson Street; all 1ots fronting on the
south side of Stewart Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street; all lots fronting on the
north side of Carson Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street; all lots fronting on
Ogden Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street. All lots on Clark Avenue and Wilson
Avenue in original Townsite. All frontage on Main Street (East Side) from north City
limits to south City limits, not exceeding 150 feet in depth.

	Section 111.



That the industrial districts are hereby created and established within the
      said City as described as follows:

All that portion of the City of Las Vegas west of Main Street, north of Charleston
 Boulevard, (except Original Townsite; H. F. M. and M. Addition; Valley View Addition;
Woodland Park) and that portion west of the prolongation of Main Street south of Charleston
 Boulevard.

Section IV.

It shall be un lawful for any person, firm, or corporation to erect, establish,
  maintain, operate, or carry on, within the residence districts described in Section
1 hereof, any industrial business, or commercial establishment of any kind whatsoever,
except with the approval of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and
with the written consent of the owners of more than fifty (50%) per cent of the area of
the land within a radius of 500 feet of such proposed industrial business or commercial
establishments, exclusive, however, of land used for public streets, highways, or alleys,
and land used for railroad, interurban railroad, or street railroad rights of way.; provided,
 however, that said Board of Commissioners may not grant its approval for the