

Fifth Street from t he South line of Linden Avenue to the City limits on the South.

Upon approaching any of the above-named streets it shall he unlawful for the operator
 of any vehicle to fail to bring said vehicle to a complete stop at the limit line which the
Street Superintendent is hereby authorized to indicate, by sign or mark at the property line
of the above-mentioned street, provided, however, that when the intersection is controlled
by a police officer or by a traffic signal no vehicle shall be stopped as above provided
when a signal to proceed has been given.

	Section XVIII. FOLLOWING FIRE APPARATUS PROHIBITED.	

It shall be unlawful for any vehicle to follow any fire apparatus closer than one
block, or to park any vehicle within a distance of three hundred feet in any direction from
the place where any fire apparatus has stopped in answering a fire alarm or within three
hundred feet in any direction from the place where any such fire is in progress.

Section XIX. RIGHT OF WAY FOR FIRE AND POLICE VEHICLES AND AMBULANCES. STOPS ON
 APPROACH OF FIRE APPARATUS.

(a ) The Officers and Firemen and all vehicles and apparatus of the Fire Department
when going to or returning from a fire, and all ambulances, whether public or private, and
all other vehicles when employed in carrying sick or injured persons to a hospital or other
place for relief or treatment and the officers, patrolmen and vehicles of the Police 
Department, and vehicles carrying United States mails shall have the right of way over all
other persons and vehicles on any street and through any procession.

(b) Upon the approach of apparatus of the Fire Department responding to an alarm,
the driver of any vehicle shall immediately draw up said vehicle as near as practicable to
the right hand curb and bring his vehicle to a stop, and when the fire alarm is sounded the
drivers of all vehicles within hearing of the alarm shall follow the directions given above
and shall remain stationary until the alarm ceases, and then proceed only in the event that
there is no fire apparatus approaching.

SECTION XX. RIGHT OF WAY FOR FUNERAL PROCESSION.

Subject to the provisions of Section XIX funeral processions shall have the right of
way over all other traffic.

	Section XXI. MOTORCYCLES AND BICYCLES.

It shall be unlawful for the operator of any bicycle or motor-cycle to carry any other
 person upon the bar, handle or tank of any such vehicle.

	Section XXII. DRIVING ON SIDEWALKS.

It shall be unlawful for any person to ride or drive, or cause to be ridden or driven,

any horse, or other animal, or to ride, drive, or propel, or cause to be ridden, driven, or

propelled, any wagon, bicycle, motorcycle, auto mobile, or other vehicle, except hand carriages
 for children, upon or along any public sidewalk, or permit any such animal or vehicle
to stand thereon, or to permit any such animal or vehicle to stand upon any public street

in such manner as to obstruct the free use of the roadway of such street, or to ride, drive,

or propel any vehicle over and across any curb where no driveway is regularly	established.

	Section	XXIII. CLINGING TO MOVING VEHICLES.	



It shall be unlawful for any person travelling upon any bicycle, motorcycle, or toy
vehicle to cling to or attach himself or his vehicle, to any other moving vehicle or street
car on any roadway in the City of Las Vegas.

	ARTICLE	V. STOPPING, STANDING AND PARKING.	

	Section	XXIV. STANDING PROHIBITED IN SPECIFIED PLACES.	

Except to avoid conflict with other traffic, or in compliance with the directions of
a. police officer or traffic signal, it shall be unlawful for the operator of a vehicle to
stand said vehicle in the following places:

(l)	In any intersection.

(2)	In any cross-walk.

(3) At any place in the roadway where the two right wheels of the vehicle are more
than one (l) foot distant from the regularly established curb line except on streets where
provision has been made for angle parking as specified in Section XXVIII hereof.

(4)	At any place where the standing of a vehicle will obstruct the use of a driveway.



(5) At any curb within fifteen (15) feet of a fire hydrant.

(6)	Within twenty (20) feet of a point of the curb immediately opposite the 
midblock end of any safety zone.

(7)	At any place within fifteen (15) feet of an intersection in the Central Traffic
District, or in any business district except at designated bus stops, and that the operator 
of no vehicle shall stop in the area designated as a bus stop longer than three minutes.

The Street Superintendent is hereby authorized to paint and maintain a red line
stenciled with white letters "No Standing" upon the top of all curb lengths indicated in
Paragraphs 5, 6, and 7 of his section.

SECTION XXV. STANDING FOR LOADING ONLY IN CERTAIN PLACES.

(a) It shall be unlawful for the operator of a vehicle to stop said vehicle for a
period of time longer than is necessary for the loading or unloading of passengers or 
materials, providing that the loading or unloading of passengers shall not consume more than
three (3) minutes, nor the loading or unloading of materials more than twenty (20) minutes
in the following designated places:

(1)	At any curb where the grade of the street exceeds twelve per cent (12%);

(2) In any alley;

(3) In any "loading zone;"

(4)	At any curb within twenty-five feet of the entrance to any hospital;

At any curb within fifty feet of the entrance to any police station;

(6)	At any curb within fifteen feet of a fire hydrant;

(7)	In any marked bus stop;

(8)	In front of theatres.