of fires or the sprinkling of streets, avenues or alleys, nor for the flushing of
sewer mains.

Section 4. A violation of any of the provisions of this Franchise shall be
grounds for and entitled said City to revoke and annul this franchise in whole or in part,
or said City may pursue such other remedy or course as the law permits. Said City hereby
reserves all rights incident to the grantor of a municipal franchise, and this Franchise
is granted subject to the supervisory regulation and control by the Public Service 
Commission of the State of Nevada of the business of so furnishing water to the inhabitants
of said Original Townsite of Las Vegas by said grantee, its successors and assigns.

Section 5. This Franchise shall not be construed to authorize the grantee, its
successors and assigns, to use or to acquire any rights in, any of the streets, alleys or
public grounds of the City of Las Vegas inconsistent with the future legitimate uses of such
streets, alleys or public grounds by said City of Las Vegas, nor shall the grant hereby
made operate in itself nor by lapse of time or by the expenditure of moneys by grantee, its
successors and assigns, as an estoppel against said City of Las Vegas in any respect 
whatsoever. Nor shall this Franchise be construed as a grant of any right or privilege adverse
to the rights of any abutting owner or owners of property along any of the streets, 
alleys or public grounds where said pipes, mains, appliances or appurtenances may be placed
or maintained by said grantee, its successors and assigns, nor to establish any rights in
the grantee, its successors or assigns, contrary to or inconsistent with the right of the
original dedicators of said streets, alleys or public grounds, or their assigns.

Section 6. That in case the said grantee, its successors or assigns, discontinue,
refuse or neglect to supply water to the said inhabitants of the said original townsite of
Las Vegas, insofar as permitted by said Public Service Commission to do so, at any time
for and during the term of six months at any one time after the period hereinafter prescribed
 for the completion of the water system and the commencement of furnishing water to
the inhabitants of said original townsite of Las Vegas, then this ordinance and franchise
shall be null and void, and the City Commissioners may order the removal of the mains, pipes,
appliances and appurtenances, so installed, laid down or placed by said grantee or its 
assigns in, through, over, across, under or along the public streets, alleys or public
grounds of said Original Townsite of Las Vegas, and may declare the same a public nuisance;
provided, however, that before this ordinance and franchise shall become null and void, or
any action taken as in this paragraph provided, the Board of Commissioners shall first
give to said grantee, its successors, or assigns, thirty days notice in writing to comply
with the provisions of this paragraph.

Section 7. Within six months after the passage of this Ordinance the said grantee,
its successors or assigns, shall file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas a plat of the mains proposed to be laid, showing proposed location and position thereof.

Section 8. The work of installing and laying down of said mains, laterals and
pipes shall be commenced within six months after the passage of this Ordinance, and said
work shall be completed and the plant in operation and furnishing water to the inhabitants
of the said Original Townsite of Las Vegas, within one year after the passage of this
Ordinance.

Section 9. The privileges hereby granted to said grantee, shall insure to the
benefit of said grantee, its successors and assigns, for the period of fifty years from
and after the passage of this Ordinance; provided, said grantee shall not be entitled to

assign this franchise or any rights hereunder without the consent of the Board of City
Commissioners of said City first had and obtained in writing.