IN CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE



All lots in blocks 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, and 27.

Lots 1 to 16 inclusive, Blocks 3 and 4
Lots 1 to 24 inclusive in Block 5
Lots 9 to 24 inclusive, Blocks 12, 21 and 28
Lots 1 to 24 inclusive Block 38.

All of lots in Blocks 39 and 40.

South one-half of school house block located between 4th and 5th Streets and Bridger
and Lewis Streets, also that portion of Lewis Street between 4th and 5th abrogated to
school district.

IN SOUTH ADDITION_____

Lots 1 to 8 and 25 to 52, inclusive, Blocks 6, 11, 15, and 19.

Lots 25 to 32 inclusive, Block 1.

Also beginning at the Northwest corner of Lot 7, Block 1, South Addition, and running
northerly along the easterly line of Main Street 150 feet to its intersection with the southerly
 line of Garces Street, thence easterly along the southerly line of Garces Street 140 ft.
to its intersection with the westerly line of the alley between Main and First Streets;
thence southerly along the westerly line of the alley between Main and First Streets 150 ft.

to the northerly corner of Lot 7 Block 1, South Addition; thence westerly along the northerly
line of Lot 7, Block 1, South Addition 140 feet to the P. O. B.

Also beginning at a point on the westerly property line of Main Street N. 61 deg.

47 min. W. 80 feet from the northwesterly corner of Block 3, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite
and running thence S. 28 deg. 13 min. W. 2880 feet along the westerly line of Main Street;
thence N. 61 deg. 47 min. W. 1330 feet: thence N. 28 deg. 13 min. E. 2880 feet; thence S.

61 deg. 47 min. E. 1330 feet to the point of beginning.

SECTION 5. That the Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas shall hereafter
by ordinance, be empowered and authorized and directed to prepare a special assessment roll
which shall include the lots and premises and owners as provided for in the City Charter of
the City of Las Vegas. After said special assessment roll as herein provided for, shall have
been prepared and submitted, it shall be reported to the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas and thereafter, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk and numbered
and notice thereof shall be given to all persons whose names appear thereon, and to all
persons interested, of the time when said Board of City Commissioners and Ex-officio City
Assessor will meet to review the assessment, at which time the said Board of City Commissioners
shall hear any and all objections and suggestions that may be file against the said assessment,
 and shall at that, or some adjourned meeting, correct the same or confirm it as reported
 or corrected, or they may refer it back to the Ex-officio City Assessor for revision,
or annul it and direct a new assessment, and proceed as in the City Charter directed, until
the same shall be confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners; when said assessment roll
has been confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners, the City Clerk shall make and 
endorsement upon said assessment roll showing the date of confirmation as provided in the
Charter and shall thereupon deliver said roll, as confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners
 with his certificate of such confirmation and of the date thereof, to the County
Assessor, acting ex-officio assessor, and the said County Assessor, acting ex-officio City
Assessor shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record the said assessment roll as
in the Charter provided, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording.
Whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents of the
same and when said rolls so endorsed and recorded, it shall be prima facie evidence in
all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the making
thereof, and the validity of said assessments and assessment roll, by the Board of City
Commissioners; after the said special assessment roll has been confirmed and recorded, the
several amounts levied thereon, shall be due and payable and shall constitute and be a
lien upon the respective lots, and parcels of land and improvements assessed, and shall be
charged against the persons and properties until paid.

SECTION 4. That is, after the expiration of fifty days from the date of the recording
of the said special assessment roll, as hereinbefore provided, there remains unpaid any
of the special assessments against any of the lots or premises hereinbefore mentioned, the
Board of City Commissioners, shall within a reasonable time thereafter, pass an Ordinance
directing the Issuance of bonds for the amount of the said taxes or assessments remaining
unpaid by the said property owner, at the expiration of the said fifty days from the date

of the confirmation, and recording of the assessment roll, fixing the form of bond, declaring

the amount remaining unpaid, denominations and interest, and lots or parcels of land
against which the said assessments remaining unpaid, in whole or in. part, are a lien and
the names of the owners thereof, where known, with the amounts due thereon, and directing
that the said unpaid assessments or portions thereof, shall thereafter be paid as follows:
One-tenth (1-10th) one year from the expiration of the said fifty days, and one-tenth (1-10)
at the end of each year thereafter, until the full sum of the assessment is paid in full,
as shall be set forth by the Board of City Commissioners in the Ordinance directing the
issuance of said special assessment bonds; each of said installments shall bear interest 
from the end of said fifty days, until due, at the same rate of interest as that provided
for in the bonds, payable annually, which rate shall be fixed by Ordinance; such installments

and the interest thereon shall be	and remain a lien upon the said lots and parcels of

land and premises until paid; said installments and the interest thereon may be collected
in the same manner as other delinquent assessments, and the Board of City Commissioners in
the ordinance directing the issuance of said bonds may provide that the unpaid assessments
ana portions thereof, and the interest thereon, shall be placed on the State and County
Tax Roll and be collected in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County
 general taxes are collected, and direct the officers of the County to collect the same.

SECTION 5. That as soon as the said special assessment roll, as provided for in
Section 3 of this Ordinance, shall have been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts
contained therein and levied on and against the properties therein, shall be due and payable
at once, and shall be paid to the County Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Receiver of the
County of Clark State of Nevada, Ex-officio Treasurer and Tax Receiver of the City of Las
Vegas, and be by that officer paid into and credited to the Special Fund to be know as and
called "Las Vegas 1929 Improvement District #2" and all costs and expense incurred in making
said improvements, as in this ordinance contained, shall be charged to and paid out of
said fund. Provided, however, that in event it becomes necessary to draw on the General
Fund of the City of Las Vegas to defray any of the costs and expenses of making any of said
improvements, except as otherwise provided for by a Charter of the City of Las Vegas, that
the said General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds from said "Las Vegas 1929
Improvement District #2" as soon as the condition of the same will permit. And provided 
further, that where there shall be lands belonging to the City, or public ground not taxable,
abutting on such improvements, or such improvements shall be made upon interior squares
or spaces, formed by the intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys, general bonds
of the City of Las Vegas may be issued under proper procedure taken therefor by the Board
of City Commissioners to provide funds for the purpose of defraying such portion of the 
expenses there of as the Board of City Commissioners shall determine to be paid from the