Section LXXXVI. UNSECURED ANIMALS ON STREETS:

It shall he unlawful for any person having charge, custody, or control of any horse,
mule, pony, donkey or burro, to leave such animal, or cause or permit the same to be left
unattended and unsecured in any public street or alley. Any horse, mule, pony, donkey, or
burro left unattended in any public street or alley shall be deemed to be unsecured within
the meaning of this Ordinance unless it shall be securely tied or hitched by a chain, strap,
or rope fastened to its neck, bridle or halter and to a post or other permanent fastening,
or by a chain, strap, or rope fastened to its bridle or halter and to a weight of not less
twenty (20) pounds resting upon the ground or in the case of one or two horses or mules
harnessed to wagon having a brake, by tightly setting the brake on such wagon, backing the
horse, mule or team so that the traces shall be loose, pulling the lines taut and securely
fastening them to the wagon in such manner that the wagon can be drawn only by means of the
lines or chain fastened to the body of the vehicle and passing through wheel or stake in
hind wheel of truck.

Section LXXXVII. BREAKING OF ANIMALS:

It shall be unlawful for any person to drive upon the streets any unduly dangerous or
partially "broken" animal; or to use the said streets for the purpose of "breaking" animals;
it being the intention of this section to define the words "broken" and "breaking" as the
act of accustoming animals to a saddle or harness for the purpose of subjection.

Section LXXXVIII. ANIMALS WITHOUT BIT AND BRIDLE:

It shall be unlawful for any person to leave, or cause to be left, any horse, mule,
pony, donkey or burro in or upon any public street or alley unless there shall be in the
mouth of such animal a bit attached to a bridle halter, which bridle halter shall be securely
 fastened on the head of such animal.

Section LXXXIX. HITCHING TO TREES:

No horse shall be hitched on any street in the City of Las Vegas to any shade or
ornamental tree or electrolier or in such a manner that any damage may be done to any such
tree, or electrolier, or to any grass plot, or other improvements located in the space between
 the curb and sidewalk.

Section LXXXX. FEEDING UNHITCHED ANIMALS:

It shall be unlawful for any person to feed or cause to be fed, any horse, mule, pony,

donkey, burrow or other animal upon any street or alley unless such horse, mule, pony,

donkey, burro or other animal shall be securely tied or hitched by a chain, strap or rope
fastened to its neck, bridle or halter and to a post or other permanent fastening, or by
a chain fastened to the body of a vehicle and passed through wheels or stake in hind wheel
of t ruck.

Section LXXXXI. FEEDING EXCEPT WITH NOSEBAG:

It shall be unlawful for any person to feed or cause to be fed, any horse, mule, pony,

donkey, burro, or other animal upon any street or alley except by means of a nose bag 

fastened upon the head of such animal.

Section LXXXXII. REPORTING OF ACCIDENTS AND INJURIES BY PHYSICIANS AND HOSPITALS:

(a) It shall be the duty of every physician and of the manager or person in charge
of any hospital and of any other person in the City of Las Vegas who has knowledge of any
accident or injury occurring to any person in said City, to report the same to the Chief of
Police of said City immediately upon receiving said knowledge.

(b) Any physician attending or called upon to attend any person who has been injured
accidently or otherwise, or who attends such person, and every manager or person in charge
of any hospital to which any person who is injured maybe taken for treatment, and any other
 person in tie City of Las Vegas who may have knowledge of any injury to any person in
said City, shall immediately report the same to the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas,
and upon failure so to do will be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished as provided
in this Ordinance.

(c)	It shall be the duty of all hospitals in the City of Las Vegas to keep a complete
record of all persons received at said hospitals who maybe suffering from any injury.

Section LXXXXIII.

It shall be unlawful for any person in charge or control either as engineer, conductor,
 brake man, or otherwise, of any engine, car, train of cars, or any part of a train of
cars on any railroad operated within or passing through the City of Las Vegas, to cause or
allow such engine, car, train of cars, or part of a train of cars to stand or remain on or
across any street crossing within said city, or so much of the way across any street crossing
 within said city, as to hinder or obstruct travel on or over any street, at or during
any time except when making up a train or stopping a train at a station, and then only for
a period of time not exceeding five minutes, and in no case shall any engine, train, portion
 of a train, or any railroad car obstruct any street for a longer period than five minutes;
 providing, that this section shall not apply to any passenger train running through
said city; provided, however, that at no time shall more than two railroad crossings within
the City of Las Vegas on any one line of railroad, be blocked.

Section LXXXXIV. PENALTY:

	Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed guilty

of a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not less than three dollars nor to 
exceed Three Hundred Dollars ($300), or by imprisonment in the city jail not to exceed three
(3) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment, and in default of the payment of any
fine, or any part thereof, may be imprisoned in the city jail of the City of Las Vegas, one
day for each two dollars of said fine remaining unpaid.