attest:-- Harley A Harmon, Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill being first duly sworn deposes and says that he a citizen of the United
States over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper published and printed at Las Vegas Nevada, of general circulation, and that the
ordinance No. 19. of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada was published in said paper for one issue on
the 4th, day of November A.D. 1911.

Chas C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th, day of November A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No, 21.

An ordinance Relating to amend regulating the appearance of Minors on the public streets
Avenues and alleys and other public places in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada providing for the
ringing of curfew bell and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith
The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1. That it hereby made unlawful for any child under the of sixteen years
and not accompanied by its patents or guardian or other adult person having legal custody and
control of said child to loiter wander or stroll in or about any of the public streets, avenues
alleys or any public place in the City of Las Vegas at any time between the hours of 8 o'clock
P.M. and 5 o'clock A.M. of the succeeding day, in or during the months of September, October,
December, January, February, March, April, and May; or at any time between the hours of 9 o'clock. P.M. and 5 o'clock A.M. of the succeeding day nor during the months of June, July, and
August.

section 2. That it is hereby made unlawful for any parent, guardian or other person

having legal care and custody of any child under the age of twelve years, to allow or permit

such child or ward to loiter, wander or stroll in or about any public streets, avenues, alleys, or

other public place in the City of Las Vegas not accompanied by such parent, guardian or other

person having legal care and custody of such child. At any time between the hours of 8 o'clock

P.M. and 5 o'clock A.M. of the succeeding day. in or	the months of September, October,

November, December, January, February, March, April, and May; or at any time between the hours

of 9 o'clock, P.M. and 5 o'clock, A.M. of the succeeding day in or during the months of June, July

and August. Section 3. That it is hereby made the duty of the City Marshall to ring or cause to

be rung a curfew bell at 9 o'clock P.M. of each and every day between June first and September 1st.

of each years, and at 8 o'clock P.M. of each and every day of the year other than those mentioned

in this section for the purpose of giving notice of the hour. Section 4, That it is hereby

made and declared to be the duty of the City Marshall and of every police officer of the City of

Las Vegas to enforce or cause to be enforced each and all of the provisions of this ordinance.

Any Marshall or police officer finding or observing a child under the age of sixteen years

not accompained by its parent, guardian or other adult person having legal custody and control



of such child, loitering, wandering or strolling about in any public streets, avenues,

alleys, or other public places in the City of Las Vegas contrary to or in violation of any of
the provisions of this ordinance, shall place such child under arrest and shall take, or cause
to be taken, or send such child to its home or place of abode, or to its parent or guardian,
and shall notify such parent, guardian, or person having legal custody and control of such child
to be and appear with said child at and before the Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas on the
next succeeding day at the hour of ten o'clock. A.M. and it is hereby made the duty of such parent

guardian or person having the legal custody and control of such child to be and appear with said