interest in such lot or plat, or the relative of some person having such interest, or the wife of
such person, or her relative, except by the consent of all persons having an interest in such lot
or plat.

Section 6. All Ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 7. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and 
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas this 4th day of March, 1914, upon second
reading upon the following vote: Commissioners Curtiss, Griffith, Sullivan, and his honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, None. First reading February 4th, 1914. Second reading March 4th, 1914.

(SEAL)	Approved this 4th day of March, 1914. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.	

Affidavit of publication.

State of Nevada)	

County of Clark) ss.

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the Las Vegas
Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No, 56 of the City of Las Vegas was continuously published
in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 7th day of March, 1914. inclusive, being the
issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:- March 7th, 1914. That said newspaper was
regularly circulated on each of the dates above named.	Signed. Chas. P. Squires.

(SEAL)	Subscribed and swan to before me this 27th, day of March, 1914.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.	





	ORDINANCE NO. 57.

An Ordinance to amend section 7 of Ordinance No. 33, entitled An Ordinance Regulating the Distribution
of intoxicating Liquors, and regulating places where such liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses, and repealing Ordinances No. 3 and all Ordinances or parts of
ordinances in conflict therewith, an introducing a new section therein. The Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows, Section one that section 7, of ordinance No. 33. of the City of Las Vegas entitled an Ordinance regulating the distribution of intoxicating liquors
and regulating places where such liquors are sold or otherwise distributed providing for permits and
licenses and repealing ordinance No. 3, and all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith
 be and the same is hereby amended by the addition the said section seven, of the following 
 	

    words to-wit: No permits for retail liquor license in excess of fourteen (14) shall at any time
    be granted by the Board of City Commissioners and the whole number of retail liquor licenses issued
under this ordinance and in force at any one time shall not exceed fourteen (14); and should the
whole number of permits for retail liquor license granted under this ordinance at any time after
the date of the adaption hereof exceed five (5) then there after no ether or additional permits
for retail liquor license shall be granted or such licenses issued except as, or by way of, a renewal
 or assignment as by ordinance provided, of the permits and licenses theretofore issued under
this ordinance until the whole number of retail liquor license in force in said City has been reduced
 to five (5), and when ever the number of such redial liquor license has been reduced to five
(5) no permits for retail retail liquor licensee in excess of five (5) shall ever thereafter be

granted and thereupon and thereafter the whole number of liquor license issued and in force at any one time in said City shall not exceed five (5).

Section 2. A new section shall be added to the said ordinance Number 33, which shall