furnaces or lights used in any such place shall be kept in good condition and be so arranged as
to be secure from communicating fire.

Section. 17. Sections 12,13,14,15, and 16, of this ordinance are hereby declared to apply
generally throughout the City of Las Vegas as well as within the fire limits and any person
violating any of the provisions of wether of said sections shall upon conviction be fined in any
sum not less than Five nor more than fifty Dollars for each offence.

Section 18. It shall be the duty of the Mayor, either in person or by a committee of the
Board of Commissioners whom he may appoint (which Committee shall include the Chief of the Fire
Department), to visit and inspect during the month of November in each year, all the buildings
and rooms within the Fire limits and see that all chimneys, stoves, furnaces and pipes are in safe
and secure condition. And it shall be the duty of the Mayor or the committee, as the case may
be, to call the attention of the owner or occupant of any building or room, to the condition of
any chimney, stove, furnace or pipe that shall be deemed unsafe or insecure and request and direct
such owner or occupant to remedy the defect at once. Any such owner or occupant who shall

refuse to comply with such request and remedy any such defect shall upon conviction be fined in any
sum not less than ten nor more than one Hundred dollars, and each day he shall refuse to
comply with such request shall be deemed an separate offence.

Read the first time February 1, 1912.

Read the second time March 6th, 1912. Passed on the second reading.

Vote cast as follows to-wit:- Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye,
and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye.	Peter Buol Mayor.

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

(CITY SEAL).

Affidavit of Publisher.	

Chas C. Corkhill being first duly sworn deposes and says; that he is  a citizen of the

United States, over the age of eighteen years, that he is the publisher of the Clark County

Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County

Nevada, and that the ordinance No. 27, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached

is a true correct copy, was published in said paper one issue on the following dates to-wit:- March 9th, 1912.

Chas C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th, day of April A.D., 1912.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 28.

An ordinance Regulating and Prohibiting Displays in Moving Picture shows.

  	

 The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. From and after the passage and publication of this ordinance it shall be
unlawful for any owner, manager, lessee or anyone having charge of or conducting a moving picture
show in the City of Las Vegas to show, display project or exhibit within a show house or place
of business frequented by the public, upon a curtain, canvas or other object by means of a moving
picture machine or similar contrivance, or allow to be shown displayed, projected or exhibited
within a show house or place of business frequented by the public upon a curtain, canvas or
other object by means of a moving picture machine or similar contrivance, and by means of slides
films or similar devices, any picture, sign, announcement or advertisement relating to or 
advertising any saloon, saloon business or house of ill-fame, situated or conducted within the City
of Las Vegas. Section 2. Any person violating or wilful non-complying with any of the

provisions of this ordinance shall be punished by a fine of not less than ten dollars