the power to regulate and change the rates from time to time as may seem just and proper, the
same not to exceed the maximum rates provided herein, but no rate shall be changed by the said
City of Las Vegas for one year after the same has been fixed, and that notice of intention to
change rates shall be given to the local agent of the grantee thirty days prior to the date set
for the consideration of such changes, at which time the grantee may appear and have a hearing.

Fifth. In case of failure or non-compliance upon the part of the grantee to fulfill and
carry out any and all of the provisions mentioned in this franchise, then and in that event, the
same shall become null and void and of no effect, and shall work a forfeiture of all rights
and privileges granted or intended to be granted.

Sixth. Subject to the provisions of this grant and to the foregoing schedule of rates and
charges, the grantee herein, its successors and assigns, may make any and all reasonable rules
and regulations covering the use of light and power transmission service and to prevent any waste
thereof by consumers or any damage to its transmission lines or appurtenances during the life of
this franchise, provided, however, that the City of Las Vegas shall have the power to change the
rules and regulations from time to time as in their judgment may seem just and proper.

Seventh. It is further provided that whenever said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, its 
successors or assigns, wholly abandons the use and operation of said transmission lines for the
purposes covered by this grant, or upon the forfeiture of this franchise, as provided herein
then the said grantee snail remove said lines, poles and appurtenances from the streets and alleys
of said city within sixty days from the date that said company so abandons the use and operation

of said lines, or within sixty days from the declaration of forfeiture, as the case may be.

Eighth. The franchise hereby granted supersedes the permit to construct and maintain a
pole line along certain streets and alleys described in this franchise granted by the board of
city commissioners of the said City of Las Vegas on the 26th day of March, 1912.

Ninth. This ordinance shall be in force and effect from and after its passage and publication

 for the period of one week as required by law, and the filing with the city clerk of Las
Vegas of an unconditional acceptance by the grantee of the conditions contained herein, 
provided same is filed within thirty days after the passage thereof. The cost of publishing this



ordinance shell be paid by the grantee.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners and approved this 2nd day of October, 1912 upon
the following vote:

Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern, Von Tobel and Mayor, Aye.

First Reading, September 4th, 1912.

Second Reading, October 2nd, 1912.

Approved:	Peter Buol.

Mayor.

Attest:	Harley A. Harmon.

City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publisher.

*

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the

United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County

		

Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark

County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 34 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada of which the

attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue, on the following

date, to wit:	October 14, 1912.

Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 20th day of November, 1912.

Harley A. Harmon.

City Clerk.