AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark )

C. P. Squires, being duly sworn, disposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached

Ordinance No. 171, of the City of Las Vegas
was published in said newspaper for a period of One week (six issues) from August 6,

1931 to August 12, 1931 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates to-wit:

August 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 12, 1931.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named.  That the legal charge for publishing the same was $158.68

Signed C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th day of Sept. 1931.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 172



An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas relating to the construction of driveways.



		 

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Before a permit is granted for the breaking of the curb and the
construction of driveways on streets that have cement concrete curbs constructed thereon,
the applicant for the driveway must produce evidence satisfactory to the Street Superintendent
 of the city to show that the construction of such driveway is agreeable to
and in accordance with the desire of the owner or owners of the property to which said
driveway will be an entrance, The applicant shall apply to the Street Superintendent
for permission to remove the curbing and shall pay to the Street Superintendent a fee
of one-half (½) cent per square foot for each square foot of driveway proposed to be
constructed and one-half (½) cent per lineal foot for each lineal foot of curb proposed to
be constructed.

The Street Superintendent shall require each applicant for a proposed driveway
to deposit with him the sum of ten (½) dollars as a guarantee that the driveway, with
proper curb and gutter returns, will be constructed within thirty days after the curbing
 has been broken out. The Street Superintendent shall give a receipt for the guaranteed
deposit and upon the completion of said driveway within the specified time shall refund
the ten (10) dollar deposit to the applicant upon the presentation of the receipt covering
 said guaranteed deposit.

Section 2. After the applicant has complied with the requirements of Section
1, the Street Superintendent shall issue a permit granting the applicant the right to
construct a driveways and showing thereon the location, by lot and block number, for
which the application has been made.

Section 3. The Street Superintendent shall furnish and Inspector for each and
every piece of curb, gutter and driveway to be constructed, whose duties will be to check
the forms of alignment and grade and see that the work is done in accordance with the
specifications hereinafter referred to.

The Street Superintendent shall be notified at least twenty-four hours in
advance of the time when the work is proposed to be started.

Section 4. In the event that the work is not carried on so that the rate of
progress in laying the cement work complete for one driveway, with curb and gutter in
four (4) hours, is maintained, or in the event that the permit has been granted and the
curb broken out and work is not completed with thirty (30) days from the date of said
permit, then and in either event the guarantee sum shall be forfeited to the City of
Las Vegas.

Section 5. All curb and gutter work and all driveway paving shall be constructed
 in accordance the the Ordinances of the City of Las Vegas, now in existence and hereafter
enacted, and in accordance with such Standard Specifications relating thereto now in
existence in said City or which may hereafter be adopted by the Board of City Commissioners.

Section 6. Except as in this Ordinance provided it shall be unlawful for any
person to cut into, alter, injure or remove any curb in the City of Las Vegas, except
when done by or under the direction of an authorized officer of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 7. Any person violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be fined in a
sum of not less than five dollars nor more than Twenty-five Dollars, and in case said fine
should not be paid, to be imprisoned in the City jail for one day for each Two Dollars of
said fine unpaid.