General Funds or from the proper Street Fund, or District Street Fund, or partly from
each, or to be stood, and borne by the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 6. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, and adoption
and publication for a period of one week (six issues) in the Las Vegas Evening Review,
and Journal a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 7. The City Clerk, and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance published in six
successive issue's of the Las Vegas Evening Review, and Journal, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas.

Passes and adopted this 5th day of December 1929 by the following vote of the
Board of City Commissioners; Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith, and His Honor the
Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

First reading November 7th 1929.

Final reading December 5th 1929.

Approved this 5th day of December A. D. 1929.

J. F. Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk, and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners

of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)  SS

County of Clark )

A. E. Cahlan, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is editor of the
Las Vegas Evening Review and Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of every day for one week from
Dec. 7 to Dec. 13 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit: Dec. 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named.

Signed A. Cahlan.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th day of December 1929.	

Frank A. Stevens

(Notarial Seal)	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

ORDINANCE 150.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading for, and
constructing Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curb and gutter and Rough Grading for Street Improvement
on certain streets and portions of streets in said City: describing definitely the
location of said improvements; providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid
entirely by special assessment upon all lots included in the special assessment district,
hereby established, according to benefits, except where by the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas certain portions there of are required to be paid from the general fund of the said
City of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds and also general
bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof and other matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 11. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has determined to make
the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, said improvements to be made in accordance
with plats, diagrams, and estimates of cost on file in tide office of the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas:

To grade for and construct Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curb and Gutter and Rough Grading
 for Street Improvements on the following streets and portions of streets in the City
of Las Vegas:

IN CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE 



Main Street from Fremont to Garces Street

First Street, from Lewis to Garces Street.

Second Street from Lewis Street to Garces Street

Third Street from Lewis to Garces Street

Fourth Street from Lewis to Garces Street.

Lewis Street, from Main to Fourth Street.

Clark Street, from Main to Fifth Street.

Bonneville Street, from Main to Fifth Street.

Garces Street, from Main to Fifth Street.

IN SOUTH ADDITION

Garces Street from Main Street to Fifth Street.

SECTION 2. That the cost and expense of making such improvements, as described in
Section 1 of this Ordinance, shall be paid by special assessment to be made according to
benefits upon the taxable lots, and premises situate in the special assessment district,
hereby created, composed of the following lands, to-wit:

IN CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE 



All Lots in Blocks 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, and 27

Lots 1 to 16 inclusive, in Blocks 3 and 4

Lots 1 to 24 inclusive, Block 5.

Lots 9 to 24 inclusive, Blocks 12, 21, 28.

Lots 1 to 24 inclusive, Block 38.

All of Lots in Blocks 39 and 40.

South on-half of school house block located between 4th and 5th Sts. and Bridger
and Lewis Sts; also that portion of Lewis Street between 4th, and 5th abrogated to School
District.

Lots 1 to 8 and 25 to 32, inclusive, Blocks 6, 11, 15, and 19.

Lots 25 to 32, inclusive, Block 1.