282



ORDINANCE NO. 166.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the Erection, Construction, 
Enlargement, Alteration, Repair, Moving, Removal, Demolition, Conversion, Occupancy, 
Equipment, Use, Height, Area, and Maintenance, of all buildings and/or structures in the City
of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of Permits, an collection of fees therefor;
providing penalties for the violation therefor; declaring and establishing Fire Zones;
Repealing Ordinances Nos. 144-27-59-61 and 72 of the City of Las Vegas and all other
ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That, a certain document, three (3) copies of which arc on file in
the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated as 
"Uniform Building Code, 1930 Edition, published May 1930, by Pacific Coast Building
Officials' Conference", be and the same is hereby adopted as the building code of the
City of Las Vegas for the regulation of the erection, construction, enlargement, 
alteration, repair, moving, removal, demolition, conversion, occupancy, equipment, use, height,
area and maintenance of all buildings and/or structures in the City of Las Vegas; 
providing penalties for the violation of such building code; declaring and establishing fire
zones; and each and all of the regulations, provisions, penalties, conditions and terms
of such "Uniform Building Code, 1930 Edition, published May, 1930, by Pacific Coast
Building Officials' Conference", on file in the office of the City Clerk are hereby
referred to, adopted, and made a part hereof as if fully set out in this Ordinance,
except that Subdivisions (a), (b) and (c) of Section 1603 of said Uniform Building Code,
1930 Edition is hereby amended so that the same shall read as follows:

"Section 1603. (a) No building of Type V Construction shall be erected or 
constructed in or moved into Fire Zone No. 2.

(b) No building of Type IV Construction shall be erected or constructed in or
moved into Fire Zone No. 2

(c) Any building in Fire Zone No. 2 which is enlarged, altered, raised or
built upon to an extent exceeding an expenditure of fifty (50) per cent of the value of
such building shall be made to comply with the requirements of a Type I, II or III
building."

Section 2. That, Ordinance No. 144 of the City of "Las Vegas, entitled "An
Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the erection, construction, enlargement,
alteration, repair, moving, removal, demolition, conversion, occupancy, equipment, use,
height, area, and maintenance of all buildings and/or structures in the City of Las
Vegas; providing for the issuance of permits and collection of fees therefor; providing
penalties for the violation thereof; declaring and establishing fire zones; repealing
Ordinances Nos. twenty-seven (27), fifty-nine (59), sixty-one (61) and seventy-two
(72) of the City of Las Vegas and all other ordinances and parts of Ordinances in 
conflict therewith", passed and adopted August 1, 1929, and Ordinance No. 27 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance Fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas,
regulating building construction and the keeping and storage of combustibles and 
explosives," passed and adopted March 6, 1912, and Ordinance No. 59 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section eight (8) of Ordinance No. 27 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance Fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas,
regulating building construction and the keeping and storage of combustibles and 
explosives,' "passed and adopted March 3, 1915, and Ordinance No. 61 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section six (6) of Ordinance No. twenty-seven (27)
entitled 'An Ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating
building construction and the keeping and storage of combustibles and expolsives,' "
passed and adopted August 4, 1915, and Ordinance No. 72 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance amending Sections 2, 3, 6, and 7 of Ordinance No. 27 of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, entitled 'An Ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas,
regulating building construction and the keeping of combustibles and explosives,'"
passed and adopted June 28, 1918, and all other Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in 
conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 3. That, the entire incorporated area of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby declared to be and is hereby established as a Fire District and said Fire 
District shall be known and designated as Fire Zones 2 and 3, and each such zone shall
include such territory or portions of said City as illustrated, outlined and designated
 on a certain map on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,
being marked and designated as "Fire Zones of the City of Las Vegas," which is hereby
adopted as the fire zoning map of the City of Las Vegas for the application of the 
regulations included in the "Uniform Building Code, 1930 Edition, published May, 1930,
by Pacific Coast Building Officials' Conference".

Section 4. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage and publication for a period of one week (6 issues) in Las Vegas Evening Review-
Journal a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 6 day of April, 1931 by the following vote: German,
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes none. First reading March
25, 1931. Second reading April 6, 1931.

Approved this 6th day of April, 1931.

J. F. Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

(City Seal)