or burdensome to so connect each house separately, the plumbing inspector shall designate the

manner of connection in conformity with necessary sanitary precaution, and, in case there is



no sewer constructed on such street or alley, said house or building may be connected with a 
cesspool not less	than 4x4 feet wide and 10 feet deep or of not less than 160 cubic feet capacity

If no water closet is connected to said cess pool, and if a water closet is connected, said
cess pool shall not be less than 6x6 feet wide and 10 feet deep or of not less than 360 cubic
feet capacity, or larger, at the discretion of the owner of the property; said cess pool, to
be located at a distance of not less than five feet from any property line and not less than l0

feet from any dwelling, and shall be covered with a strong and firm brick arch or a red wood

cover dipped in crude oil or tar, not less than 12 Inches below the surrounding surface of the
ground: provided however that when a building is on the rear of a lot on the front of which
another building, the plumbing work of the building, which is on the rear may be connected
with the plumbing work of the building in front, and it shall be unlawful for any person or
persons to use or occupy any house or building in the City of Las Vegas in or for which any house
draining or plumbing arrangements are constructed, unless such house drainage or plumbing 
arrangements are connected with an accepted cesspool, or sewer.

Section 5. Every outside dry closet shall be placed over a vault of at least 160 cubic feet
capacity, which shall be vented by a stack not less than 4x4 Inches and extending one foot above
the highest point of the roof, and all openings between the closet and the vault shall be kept
effectively covered.

Section 6. Each and every cesspool shall be vented through a main stack which must be 
constructed for that purpose, or by such means as may be directed by the plumbing Inspector.

Section 7. All soil and waste pipes to a point three feet outside the exterior wall of the
 building shall be cast iron, not less than four inches internal diameter, and shall be carried
in undiminished size up to the highest point of the roof or fire walls, in all new work, and
in an old building when it is impractical to reach the highest point of the roof, to a point
as nearly central of the lot and as high as practical as designated in writing by the plumbing
Inspector, and shall not terminate within eight feet of any window, air shaft or opening off
any house or building and the same shall be further removed if the inspecting officer shall
 consider it necessary. All drains outside of the building and to the street sewer or cesspool
shall be first grade vitrified pipe, or cast iron pipe, internal diameter not less than four
  inches. Stoneware piping shall not be allowed within two feet of the exterior walls of any
  building, neither shall any vitrified pipe come within twelve inches of the surface of the
  ground throughout its entire course. The jointing of each and every section of vitrified piping
 must be completely and uniformly filled with the best Portland Cement, two parts of cement and
one part of sand, and every joint throughly cleaned from the inside, so as not to form and
obstruction. The different sections must be laid in perfect line on the bottom and on the

sides with a fall of not less than one-quarter of an inch per foot toward the street sewer
or cesspool. This piping must be made perfectly water-tight; it shall not be covered or 
concealed in any way until it has been properly tested by the inspecting officer. All changes in
direction shall be made with curves of Y branches and all connections with Y branches and
one-eight bends.

Section 8. Every sink, water closet, slop hopper, bath tub, and each tray, or set of wash

trays or other vessel or vessels connected with the drain pipe directly or indirectly must

be separately, independently and effectually trapped and vented, the trap must be placed as



 near the fixture as possible, and on no case further than two feet from the fixture. All sinks
 in kitchens and also all wash bowls or trays in engine rooms, factories foundaries, machine
  shops and railroad round houses shall be provided with a suitable and approved grease trap. No

 wooden wash trays or sinks or slop hoppers shall be maintained, constructed or used inside of
___