	ORDINANCE NO. 70.	

An Ordinance to Amend Sections Nos. 1 and 2 of Ordinance No. 10 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
"An Ordinance Defining Vagrancy and Providing Penalties for Vagrancy."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 1 of the above-entitled Ordinance is hereby amended so as to read as follows:
Section 1. Every;

1. Idle or dissolute person, without visible or known means of living, who has the physical ability

to work, and who does not seek employment, nor labor when employment is offered him; or

2.	Idle or dissolute person who roams about the country from place to place without any lawful 
business; or

3. Healthy beggar who solicits alms as a business; or

4. Person who makes a practice of going from house to house, begging food, money, or other articles,

or seeks admission to such houses from frivolous pretexts for no other apparent motive then to see who 
may be therein, or to gain an insight of the premises; or

5.	Idle or dissolute person or associate of known thieves who wanders about the streets at late or
unusual hours of the night, or prowls around dark alleys, by-ways, and other dark or unfrequented
places at any hour of the night without any legitimate business in so doing; or

6.	Idle or dissolute person who lodges in any barn, shed, shop, outhouse, or place other then kept

for lodging purposes, without the permission of the owner or person entitled to the possession thereof;

 or

7.	Common prostitute; or

8.	Common drunkard; or

9.	Pimp, panderer, procurer, or procuress; or

19. Male person who lives in and about houses of prostitution, or solicits for any prostitute or
house of prostitution; or	

11.	Idle, or lewd, or dissolute person; or

12.	Female person known as a "street walker" or common prostitute, who shall, upon the public streets,
or in or about any public place or assemblage, or in any saloon, barroom, club-room, hotel, or any
other public or general place of resort for men, or anywhere within the sight or hearing of ladies

or children, conduct or behave herself in an immodest, drunken, indecent, profane, or obscene manner,
either by actions, language, or improper exposure of her person; or

13. Boy, girl, or male or female person under the age of twenty-one years, who habitually remains
away from his home or place of residence after the hour of 9 o'clock p. m., without some lawful and
necessary business, or other imperative duty, or good and sufficient reason or cause for such absence
from home after such hour; or for his own amusement and pastime, without any legitimate business for so
doing, frequents and passes his time in any billiard-room or other place where any such games are
played, or any saloon or other place where intoxicating liquor is sold or drank; or who at any hour	of the night or day, for his own amusement and pastime, without any legitimate business for so doing,
frequents or loafs around any low den, house, or other place of vice, infamy, or immorality where
known thieves and other vicious and infamous persons resort or congregate; or -who at any hour of

or who at any hour of the night, either alone or otherwise, prowls about the streets or town, disturbing
 the peace and quiet of the neighborhood by loud or unnecessary noises, or committing petty
depredations, tricks or pranks, upon the person or property of other people, or by abusive, obscene,
or insulting language, or by any manner of rowdyism whatsoever, disturbs or annoys the passer-by,
any lawful assemblage or persons, or the neighborhood at large; or
14. Person who keeps a place where lost or stolen property is concealed; or
15. Person who solicits or procures, or who attempts to solicit or procure, money, or other
thing of value, by falsely pretending or representing himself or herself to be blind, deaf, dumb,
without arms or legs, or to be otherwise physically deficient or suffering any physical defect or
infirmity,