westerly through said block No, 14; thence westerly along said last mentioned alley to the point
of beginning, excepting from said district lots 15 and 16 in block 14.

Section 4. The said work shall be done under contract to be let by this Board to the lowest
responsible bidder and upon such conditions as the Board of City Commissioners may prescribe
in the letting of such contract.

Section, 5. A special assessment is hereby required to be made pro rata upon the lots in
the above described special assessment district, according to frontage; and the City Assessor
is hereby directed immediately upon the passage of this ordinance to make such special assessment
 according to frontage and he is hereby directed to assess the sum of Two Thousand Seven
Hundred and Sixty ($2760.00) Dollars, the same being the amount hereby determined necessary to

cover the cost of such improvement, From the date of approval of the assessment roll the special



assessment shall constitute a lien upon the perspective lots or parcels of land assessed.

Section, 6, This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage
and publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age. I hereby certify that the forging
Ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held on the 7th, day of January, 1914, and read for the second time and passed at its regular
meeting on the 4th, day of February, 1914. by the following vote, to-wit: Commissioners Griffith, 
Curtiss, Sullivan, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, None.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Approved this 4th, day of February A.D. 1914.

W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Affidavit of Publication.

State of Nevada)

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 52 of the City of
Las Vegas, was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 7th,
day of February, 1914, inclusive, being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit: February 7th, 1914. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the

dates above named, that the charge for publishing the same was $	_________

(SEAL)	Signed. Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th, day of March A.D. 1914.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.





Ordinance No. 53.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvement of Second Street by
constructing cement, concrete sidewalks on the East side of said street, and providing for the
payment therefor by special assessment.

The Board of commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section, 1, It is hereby ordered that a cement, concrete sidewalk shall be constructed along
the East side of second street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, commencing at Fremont, street and
running thence southerly along the East side of second Street to its intersection with Garcia
Street, excepting lots 1, 2, and 3 in block 22.  Said sidewalk shall be constructed in accordance
with the provisions of Ordinance No, 47, of the City of Las Vegas and in accordance with the plats
and diagrams of said work on file in the office of the City Clerk.

Section, 2, Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of ground fronting
on the East side of said Second Street and abutting upon said improvement, and the cost thereof
shall be collected by special assessment and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots, and premise
abutting upon such improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage* The cost and expense
 of said improvement shall include the cost of surveys, plans, assessment, cost of construction