ORDINANCE. NO. 189.

An Ordinance to amend Section III of Ordinance No. 168 of said City, entitled, "An
Ordinance of the Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, establishing a residence district,
industrial and commercial districts within the sad City of Las Vegas; defining such districts;
 declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain or operate certain factories
works or establishments within said residence districts and said commercial districts;
regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and rebuilding of certain
works or establishments in said districts; providing penalties for the violation of said
Ordinance, and repealing Ordinances in conflict there, approved April 22, 1931.

	The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. That section III of said Ordinance No. 168 be and the same is hereby
amended so that the same shall read as follows:

III

That the industrial districts are hereby created and established within the said
City as described as follows:

All that portion of the City of Las Vegas west of the East property line of Main
Street, north of Charleston Boulevard, (except the Original Townsite; H. F. M. & M.
Addition; Valley View Addition; Woodland Park) and that portion west of prolongation of
Main Street south of Charleston Boulevard.

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and
publication hereinafter authorized, and this Ordinance is passed as and emergency 
Ordinance under the provisions of a Resolution adopted by the Board of City Commissioners
on this 21st day of July, 1932.

Section 3. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance

published in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, for a
period of one week (six issues).

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at
a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 21st day of July, 1932, and was passed as an emergency Ordinance upon the
second reading on said last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners German,
Hansell, Thomas, Mundy and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Viola Burns

City Clerk

(City Seal)

Approved this 21st day of July, 1932.

E. W. Cragin

Mayor.



AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark )

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn deposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No.

189 was published in said newspaper for a period of six insertions from July 23rd 1932
to July 29th, 1932, inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: July 23, 24, 26, 27, 28, 29, 1932.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named. That the legal charge for publishing the same was $55.30.

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 8th day of August 1932.

 C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commissioner Expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)