Section 28. It shall he unlawful for any person to ride or drive, or cause to he ridden or
driven, any dangerous, unbroken or partially broken animal upon any public street or to
use, or cause to be used, any such street for the purpose of breaking of training of any animal.

Section 29. The drivers of all vehicles must look out for and give right of way to vehicles
approaching simultaneously from their right at street intersections, except as otherwise
provided for in this Ordinance.

Section 30. The driver of any vehicle turning to the left from one street into another
street shall allow the right of way to vehicles traveling in the direction to which such
vehicle is turning; and the driver of any vehicle traveling in the direction in which
such vehicle is turning shall have the right of way over such vehicle so turning.



Section 31. The driver of any vehicle turning to the right from one street into another
shall have the right of way over vehicles traveling in the direction in which such 
vehicle is turning; and the driver of such vehicle traveling in the direction in which such
vehicle is turning shall allow such right of way to such vehicle so turning.

Section 32. Officers and members of the Fire Department and their apparatus of all kinds,
when going to, or on duty at, on returning from, a fire, shall have the right of way over
all other persons and vehicles on any street or through any procession, except vehicles
carrying the United States mail.	

Section 33. It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle, in or upon any street in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, or for any person standing or walking in any such street,
to fail, refuse or neglect to allow the right of way to any officer, fireman, or apparatus
of the Fire Department when the same is going to, on duty at, or returning from a fire.
Section 34. It shall be unlawful for any person or persons to tear down, remove, or in
any manner deface, destroy or carry away any guide board or sign placed or caused to be
placed at the center of the intersection of streets or elsewhere within the city limits
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the guidance of travel and traffic, by the Board of
City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Any person or persons violating any of the provisions of this section shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less
    than 	Twenty-five Dollars nor more than One Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City

   Jail for a period of not less than Five Days nor more than Fifty Days, or by both such

  fine and imprisonment.

Section 35. Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance
 shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished,
   unless otherwise provided by this Ordinance, by a fine of not less than Ten Dollars
nor more than One Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of
  not less than Five Days nor more than Fifty days or by both such fine and imprisonment.

 Section 36. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict with this Ordinance are
hereby repealed.

This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force one week (one issue) after its publication
	in the Clark	County Review, a weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada.

Approved:

W. E. Hawkins._______________

Mayor.

I, Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby
certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read the first time on June 7, 1916, and second
reading had on September 6, 1916, and passed upon the following vote, to-wit: Commissioners
Matzdorf, aye; Elwell, aye; Ball, aye; Hicks, aye; and his honor the Mayor, W. E. Hawkins, 
voting aye. Noes -none. In Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, this 7th day of September, A. D. 1916.