 @@@@@@@@@ @@@ @@@ @@@@@@@@@



Ordinance No. 45.



All Ordinance Amending Section Thirteen (13) of Ordinance No. 33, of the city of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance regulating the Distribution of Intoxicating liquors, and Regulating places

		

where such liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses, and
repealing Ordinance No. 3, and all ordinances or parts of Ordinance sin conflict therewith."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as follows:

Section, l, Section Thirteen (13) of Ordinance No. 33, of the city of Las Vegas, entitled

"An Ordinance regulating the distribution of Intoxicating liquors, and regulating places where

such liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses and repealing

Ordinance No. 3, and all Ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith, "is hereby

amended so that the same shall read as follows:

Section 13. It shall be unlawful within the City of Las Vegas, in the night time, after

twelve 0'clock midnight, for any person to play or make a noise upon or cause to be played any

musical instrument of any kind whatsoever in any bringing saloon or in any room used or conducted

in connection with such saloon, or on the premises where such saloon is conducted, or to permit

or allow the same by the proprietor, agent, employee or manager thereof.

It shall be unlawful for any proprietor, keeper, bar tender, clerk or any other person

having the charge or control of any bringing saloon to permit any female to visit said drinking



saloon: and it shall also be unlawful for any female to visit such drinking saloon. No liquor

license shall authorize the holder thereof to sell, serve or give away any liquors at any time

other than between the hours of six o'clock A.H. and one o'clock A.M. of the succeeding day, of
each day of each week; and its shall be and is hereby made unlawful to sell, serve or give away
any spirituous, malt, or fomented liquors or wines or mixed intoxicating liquors, in any 
establishment, saloon, tippling house, sample room, bar room, drinking place, restaurant, club, club
room or drug store, oil any day or days of the week between the hours of one o'clock A.M. and
six 0' clock A.M. of the same day.

Provided, however, that the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to the 

sale by druggist of such liquors for medicinal purposes, upon the prescription in writing of a

licensed physician, nor the sale by such druggist of pure alcohol for medical, mechanical or
scientific uses.

Section, 2, This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage
and publication one week (one issue) in tide Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a regular
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 6th, day of August, 1913, and read for
the second time and passed at its meeting on the 3rd, day of September 1913, by the following
vote, to-wit: Commissioners Curtiss, Smith, Griffith and his honor the Mayor, voting aye.

Noes. None.	Approved: W.E. Hawkins Mayor, this 3rd,

day of September A.D. 1913.	Attest : Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.	( SEAL)

Affidavit of Publisher.

State of Nevada)

s s 

County of Clark)

Chas. P. squires, being first duly, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of the

Las Vegas, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in

the County of Clark, state of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 45, of the City of