not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Ordinance.	

Section 8. It shall be unlawful for any person to have upon his person or in any



vehicle, any intoxicating liquors on any public street or alley, or in any public place
in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 9. It shall be unlawful for any licensee to construct, maintain, or permit
to be constructed or maintained on the premises where his business is conducted, any
trap, trap-door, chute or other contrivance which is, or may be used for the purpose of
selling or disposing of any liquors whose sale is prohibited by the laws of the United
States of America or of the State of Nevada, or for the purpose of destroying the evidence
of the possession or sale of such liquors, such licensee shall be deemed to have violated
the terms, provisions and conditions of this ordinance and the Board of City Commissioners,
upon conviction of said licensee, may revoke his license.

Section 10. Any person who shall violate any of the provisions of this Ordinance
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not less than One Hundred
Dollars ($100.00) nor more than Five Hundred Dollars ($500,00), or imprisoned in the
City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of not exceeding one day for each two dollars
of such fine in case such fine is not paid, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not
exceeding six months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 11. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance
are hereby repealed.

Section 12. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and
adoption and publication for one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 13. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 111
published one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 5th day of May, A.D., 1925, by the following vote:

Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf and His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, voting Aye.

Noes, None.

First reading April 7th, 1925.

Second reading May 5th, 1925.

Approved this 5th day of May, A.D., 1925.

W. C. German	______________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.

	AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION. ORDINANCE NO. 111

CHAS. P. SQUIRES being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher

of the LAS VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance No. 111, of the City of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper
for a period of One week from May 9, 1925, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: May 9, 1925. That said newspaper was regularly issued

and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the charge for publishing was
the sum of $  .

Signed Chas. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this

25th day of August 1925,

C. D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark Co., Nev.

(Notarial Seal)