Section 8. It shall be unlawful for any licensee to construct, maintain, or permit to be 
constructed or maintained on the premises where his business is conducted, any trap, trap-door, chute or
other contrivance which is or may be used for the purpose of selling or disposing of any liquors
whose sale is prohibited by the laws of the United States of America or of tide State of Nevada, or
for the purpose of destroying the evidence of the possession or sale of such liquors, such licensee
shall be deemed to have violated the terms, provisions and conditions of this ordinance and the
Board of City Commissioners upon conviction of said licensee, shall revoke his license.

Section 9. Any person who shall violate any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not less than One Hundred Dollars
($100.00) nor more than Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00), or imprisoned in the City Jail until such
fine is paid at the rate of not exceeding one day for each two dollars of such fine in case such
fine is not paid, or be imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding six months or by both such fine
and imprisonment.	

Section 10. In the event of the payment of a fine or the forfeiture of bail by any person
accused or convicted of the violation of any of the provisions of this Ordinance, the Board of City
Commissioners may by resolution, order the payment of the sum of Fifteen Dollars ($15.00) from the
amount of said fine or bail to the arresting or informing officer.

Section 11. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.

Section 12. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

Section 115. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 93 published one week (one
issue) in the Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

"Passed and adopted this 21st day of Jane, A.D., 1922, by the following vote: Commissioners
Arnold and Hodgens and Mayor pro Tem Dentner voting aye. Noes None. First reading Jane 7th 1922.

Second reading Jane 21, 1922.

Approved this 21st day of Jane, A.D., 1922.

W. H. DENTNER______________

Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

FLORENCE S. DOHERTY

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

T.S. Trebell, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Publisher of the Las Vegas Review, a weekly	

newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that	

the Ordinance No. 93 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper
One consecutive issues, on the following dates, to-wit: June 30, 1922.

T. S. Trebell

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this First day of July, A.D., 1922.

LEO M. MCNAMEE

		 	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

(Notarial seal)

My Commission expires Aug. 20, 1923.