107

of November, 1918.

Approved this fourth day of November, 1918.

W.E. Hawkins, Mayor

Attest: Harley A. Harmon,

City Clerk.

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

R. J. YOUNG, JR., being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United

States over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Chief Clerk of the Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that
the Ordinance No. 73 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper One

(l) consecutive issues, on the following date, to-wit November 9, 1918.

R. J. Young, Jr.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th day of November, A.D. 1918.

Harley A. Harmon

City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

	ORDINANCE NO. 74

	

An Ordinance to amend Section Seven (7) of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas, 
licensing, for the purpose of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified,
transacted or carried on within the incorporated limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing
the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a
punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinance
Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, and 35 approved December 3, 1913, and amended Dec. 13, 1915 by Ordinance No. 62
of the City of Las Vegas, and by adding thereto a new section to be known as Section 6.

TEE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS Of THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN, AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. The above-entitled Ordinance No. 48 is hereby amended by adding thereto a new
section to be known as Section 6, as follows:

Section 6. Every person who at a fixed place of business in the City of Las Vegas, sells any
goods, wares or merchandise, drugs or medicines, jewelry, or wares, or precious metals, whether on
commission or otherwise, must obtain from the City Clerk, for each branch for his business, a license
and must pay quarterly therefor an amount of money to be determined by the class in which such person
is placed by the City Clerk; such business to be classified and regulated by the amount of the
average monthly sales made at the rates following:

(A). Where the average monthly sales are under the sum of Five Hundred Dollars, the sum of
Two and one-half Dollars per quarter.

(B). Where the average monthly sales are Five Hundred Dollars and over, but are under One
Thousand Dollars, the sum of Five Dollars per quarter.

(C). Where the average monthly sales are One Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Fifteen
Hundred Dollars, the sum of Seven and one-half Dollars per quarter.

(D). Where the average monthly sales are Fifteen Hundred Dollars and over, but are under
Two Thousand Dollars, the sum of Ten Dollars per quarter.

(E). Where the average monthly sales are Two Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Three
Thousand Dollars, the sum of Twelve and on-half Dollars per quarter.

(F). Where the average monthly sales are Three Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Five
Thousand Dollars, the sum of Fifteen Dollars per quarter.

(G). Where the average monthly sales are Five Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Eight
Thousand Dollars, the sum of Seventeen and one-half Dollars per quarter.

(H). Where the average monthly sales are Eight Thousand Dollars and over, but are under