the parent, parents, or guardian, nor to any child or children whose lawful employment
makes it necessary to he upon said streets, public parks or other public or unoccupied
grounds or public places during the night time as aforesaid.

Section 3. It shall be unlawful for any parent, guardian or other person
having the legal care, custody or control of any person under the age of eighteen years
to allow or permit any such child to loiter about or frequent the streets, public parks
or other public or unoccupied grounds or public places in this City between the hours
mentioned in Section 1 of this Ordinance, unless there be a reasonable, proper and 
lawful necessity therefor.

Section 4. Any person violating Section 3 of this Ordinance shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be fined in any sum not less
than Five Dollars or more than One Hundred Dollars, or be imprisoned in the City Jail not
less than Two and one-half days nor more than fifty days, or by both such fine and
imprisonment.

Section 5. For the purpose of assisting in the enforcement of this Ordinance,
it is hereby declared to be the duty of the persons in charge of the Central Fire Station
of the City of Las Vegas, at the hour of nine o'clock of the evening, to cause the fire
bell to be rung for thirty seconds at said Fire Station.

Section 6. All Ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are
hereby repealed.

Section 7. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon
its passage, approval and publication for one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Review, a
weekly newspaper published at Las Vegas, Nevada.

Section 8. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of the City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 109
published in said Las Vegas Review for one week (one issue).

Passed and adopted this 3rd day of March, 1925, by the following vote:
Commissioners Matzdorf and Anderson and Mayor Pro Tem Elwell, voting aye. Noes, none.
First reading February 17th, 1925.

Second reading March 3rd, 1925. Approved this 3rd day of March, 1925.

	A. E. Elwell

Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty
City Clerk.

—

ORDINANCE NO. 110

 And Ordinance to amend Sections or Paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 of Ordinance No. 107
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to prevent the permitting of minors to
Visit Houses of Ill Fame or Gambling Houses, Regulating other Matters Pertaining thereto;
Providing a Penalty for the violation of this Ordinance; and Repealing all Ordinances
and parts of Ordinances in Conflict therewith," and by adding thereto a Section or
Paragraph to be known as "5a".

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section or Paragraph numbered 2 of said Ordinance No. 107 is
hereby amended so as to read as follows:

"2. The words "Keeper," and "Proprietor," and "Person," as used in this
Ordinance, shall mean and include persons, firms, associations, corporations, clubs and
copartnerships, whether acting by themselves or a servant, agent or employee."

Section 2. Section or Paragraph numbered 3 of said Ordinance No. 107 is 
hereby amended so as to read as follows:

"3. If any person, firm, association or corporation, having a license to do
business in the City of Las Vegas, shall be found guilty of a violation of any of the
provisions of this Ordinance by any Court of competent jurisdiction, upon presentation
to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas of a certified copy of such