

record of judgement or conviction, the said Board of city Commissioners may revoke such
license, and no license shall be issued by the City of Las Vegas to such person, or for

his benefit, directly or indirectly, for a period of one (1) year after the revocation of
such license."

Section 3. Section or paragraph numbered 4 of said Ordinance No. 107 is hereby
amended so as to read as follows:

"4. If the licensee shall be a corporation, partnership or association, the
conviction of any officer, agent, member or employee of such corporation, partnership,
or association of the violation of this Ordinance, while acting for, or in behalf of,
said corporation, partnership, or association, shall be deemed a conviction of the 
corporation, partnership or association and the license of such corporation, partnership or association 

may be revoked as hereinbefore provided, and in case of revocation shall not be renewed for the period 



of time hereinbefore provided for."

Section 4. A new section or paragraph is hereby added to said Ordinance No. 107,
to be known as and called 5a, as follows:

5a. The amendment of said Ordinance No. 107 by this Ordinance shall not affect
any act done, or offence committed or the prosecution off a criminal action or proceeding
commenced, before the amendments hereby provided take effect, but all offenses committed
prior to the taking effect of these amendments through this Ordinance may be prosecuted
to judgment and penalty imposed and such judgment and penalty be enforced in accordance
with the provisions of the Ordinance at the time of the commission of such offence,
including as such penalty the revocation of license and the prohibition against renewal
of license for the period prescribed by said Ordinance No. 107 as originally enacted.

Section 5. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and
adoption and publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Review, a weekly 
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 6. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas in hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 110
published in said Las Vegas Review for one week (one issue).

Passed and adopted this 3rd day of March, 1925, by the following vote: Commissioners
Matzdorf, and Anderson and Mayor Pro Tem Elwell voting Aye. Noes, none.

First reading February 25, 1925.

Second reading March 3rd, 1925.

Approved this 3rd day of March, 1925.

W. H. Elwell

Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.



ORDINANCE NO. 111

An Ordinance Prohibiting the manufacture, Storage or Keeping, Sale, Offering or
Exposing for Sale or Barter, or Other Disposal of Intoxicating Liquors in the City of
Las Vegas; Regulating Other Matters Pertaining Thereto; Providing a Penalty for the
Violation of This Ordinance, and Repealing All Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in
Conflict Therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. For the purpose of this Ordinance, the phrase "Intoxicating Liquors"
shall mean, all liquors containing more than one-half (½ ) of one per cent. (1%) of
Alcohol by volume which are used, or may be used for beverage purposes.

The word "Person" shall mean and include persons, firms, associations, corporations,
clubs and co-partnerships, whether acting by themselves or a servant, agent or employe.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation
to manufacture, keep or store, sell, offer or expose for sale or barter, or otherwise
dispose of, except as hereinafter provided, any intoxicating liquors in the City of

