Section 5. Any person failing to pass such examination as herein provided for
shall be entitled to have returned to him the fee paid to the City Clerk as hereinabove 
provided.

	Section 6. No License shall be granted to a master electrician until a fee of

$25.00 therefor shall have been paid to the City Clerk of said City, which shall 
    constitute the fee for the current calendar year, or portion thereof, in which such license
shall be issued. Any license issued to any master electrician shall expire at the end
 of the calendar year: provided, that upon payment of an annual license fee of $25.00,
such license shall be renewed yearly until revoked.

Section 7. No mast electrician shall allow or permit anyone except himself, or
his agents or employees, to install alter and/or repair any electrical wiring or electrical
 lighting or heating apparatus or equipment under any permit therefor obtained by
him. Any violation of this paragraph of this Ordinance shall be deemed sufficient grounds
for revocation of his license as such.

Section 8. No person, firm or corporation shall engage in the business of selling
electrical supplies and/or of contracting electrical installations, alterations and/or
repairs, for any purpose whatsoever without first having procured a license therefor
and deposited with the City Clerk a surety bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1000)
The bond shall be conditioned upon the faithful performance of all work entered upon
or contracted for in strict accordance and compliance with the terms and requirements	

of all Ordinances of the City of Las Vegas regulating electrical Installations, alterations
 and/or repairs, and all amendments thereto.

The bond shall be conditioned also that the one so bonded shall without additional 
charge remedy any defect due to faulty workmanship incorrect construction and/or
defective or unapproved material, devices, appliances, etc; installed, furnished or
used by the one so bonded or his agents or employee therefor, and that the one so bonded
shall remedy all defeats replacing all unapproved material, devices, appliances, etc;
with approved ones, to the satisfaction of the City Electrical Inspector after due
notice, within fifteen days or other reasonable time as specified by the City Electrical
Inspector and the written opinion of the City Electrical Inspector shall be binding
upon all parties thereto.

The bond shall be a continuing obligation against the depositor and sureties
thereon until the entire amount thereof shall have been exhausted. In case the bond shall
be decreased on account of any recovery which may be obtained, arising out of the violation
 of any conditions of the same the City Electrical Inspector shall require an additional
 bond to given in accordance with this Ordinance in amount sufficient when added
to the unexpired amount of the original bond shall total the amount of the original
bond.

The City of Las Vegas may for itself if injured or damaged by reason of failure
to comply with the provisions of this Ordinance, maintain suit on the bond in any court
having jurisdiction, or suit may be obtained thereon by any person, firm or corporation
injured or damaged by reason of failure of the one bonded to comply with the provisions
hereof.

Section 9. Application for a license shall be made to the City Clerk. The fee
for said license shall be Twenty-five Dollars ($25.00) and shall be payable annually in
advance to the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Upon receipt of the bond, application and fee the City Clerk shall issue a
license which shall expire on the first day of the following year which shall permit
the holder thereof to sell electrical supplies, and when proper notation has been made
thereon by the City Electrical Inspector following the successful compliance by the
applicant of the provisions of this Ordinance, shall permit the holder thereof to also
engage in the business of contracting electrical installation, alterations and/or repairs.

Section 10. Any electrical Contractor licensed under the provisions of this 
Ordinance who shall allow or permit other than himself or his accredited representative
to obtain a permit to perform electrical work under said license, shall be guilty of
a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof, shall be punished as herein provided.

Section 11. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to use or
permit or cause to be used, any electrical apparatus or fixtures when said apparatus or
fixtures or the installation of same does not conform to all the requirements of this
Ordinance.

Section 12. When there are obtainable for any given purpose, materials, fittings,
devices or appliances that have been examined by a properly qualified and authorized
body and approved, listed and/or labeled as conforming to the standards of the United
States Bureau of Standards, or other similar institution of recognized standing, then
only such shall be sold or used. Such approval is always for a particular use and such
approval and label does not mean that the materials st ceters may be used indiscriminately
 but only for the purpose for which approved. For good cause or when public interest
may require, or pending approval the City Electrical Inspector may waive, by writing
in advance, the requirements of this section, bur such waiver shall apply only to the
one particular installation and shall not set a precedent as to further use.

Section 15. The Electrical Inspector shall issue permits, make inspections and
shall keep complete records of all permits and inspections, and shall perform such
other official duties as may be required under the provisions of this or any other
Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas relating to electrical installations, alterations,
and/or repairs. The Electrical Inspector shall pay all monies collected from fees for
permits, etc. to the City clerk daily, together with a duplicate of each permit issued
for that day.

Section 14. The City Electrical Inspector periodically shall make a thorough
reinspection of the installations in or on buildings and/or premises of all electrical
wiring, electrical devices and electrical materials now installed or that may hereafter
be installed, within the City of Las Vegas, and when the installation of such wiring,
devices and/or material is found to be in a dangerous or unsafe condition, the person,
firm, corporation or political subdivision owning, using or operating the same shall be
notified in writing, and shall make the necessary repairs or changes required to place