purchases of horses, apparatus and supplies for said departments, or the offices and departments
assigned thereto. He shall have supervision over the construction and repair of all buildings
assigned to said department, and may on application, receive assistance therein from other
officers and departments of the City. He shall also have and exercise all the powers and perform
all the duties prescribed for him by the Charter of the City.

   Section 19. The Commissioner of streets and Public property shall and exercise all the powers
and perform all the duties prescribed for him by law or the ordinances of the City, not in
conflict with the provisions of this Ordinance. He shall superintend the entire erection, making
and reconstruction of all streets improvements, side walks, bridges, viaducts, and public buildings
and other improvements, and the repair thereof, where not otherwise assigned. He shall have charge
of enforcing the provisions of law or ordinance relating to billboards and street signs. He shall
have charge of and supervision over the removal and disposition of garbage. He shall have control
and supervision over all public dumping grounds and dumps. He shall have charge of and supervision
over all boulevard and street parkings and park ways.

Section 20. The water works, sewerage and Light Commissioner shall have and exercise all the

powers and perform all the duties prescribed for him by law or the ordinance of the City, not in
conflict with the provisions of this ordinance. He shall have control and management and direction

of the lighting of streets and alleys, all public grounds and buildings not otherwise assigned,
and of all lamps, lights, lighting materials and persons charged with the care thereof. He shall
have supervision over all public service utilities, and all persons or corporations rendering
service in the City under any franchise, contract or grant made or granted by the City or its
predecessor in interest or state, and shall report to the Board of City Commissioners or other
proper officer any failure of said person or corporation to render service or to observe the
requirements or conditions of the franchise, contract or grant under which such public service
utility is operated.

    Section 21. The Mayor shall have and exercise all the powers and perform all the duties
provided or prescribed by law or ordinance of the City, not in conflict with the provisions
of this ordinance. The Mayor shall have general supervision and oversight over all 
departments and offices of the City; he shall have charge of and cause to be prepared and published
all statements and reports required by law or ordinance or by resolution of the Board of City
Commissioners, the city Attorney, Municipal Court, the police Judge, and all other officers
or functionaries not by law or ordinance distributed or assigned to some other department
are distributed and assigned to the Mayor.

Section 22. The City Attorney shall be legal adviser of the Board of City Commissioners and
all offices of the City, in all matters respecting the affairs of the City. He shall act as
attorney for the City in any and all legal proceedings in any and ail Courts in which the
City is a party or interested. He shall prosecute in the proper court for all offenses against
the provisions of the charter, the ordinances of the City and shall perform such other and
further duties as may be required of him by the Board of City Commissioners or prescribed by
ordinance. He shall be present at all meetings of the Board of City Commissioners, draw all
ordinances, orders, resolution and resolutions required by the Board of City Commissioners
he shall verify and file for record all claims of the City for leins for assessments imposed
for street improvements which remain unpaid, and shall preserve, protect and enforce the rights
of the City by prosecuting suits for the foreclosure of the same in the proper Courts, and shall
receive all moneys paid in by delinquent or otherwise realized in such proceedings, and shall,
without delay, pay over all such moneys to the City Clerk.

The foregoing having been read to the Board in for two meetings it was then upon
motion of McGovern and seconded by von Tobel and duly carried ordered that the same be passed
as read as an ordinance of said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the vote being cast as follows to-wit:-

Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern, aye, von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol