the full thickness to at least two feet above the roof to at least two feet above the roof surfacing
 of a building, excepting the walls of private dwellings with peaked or hipped roofs, provided
 such private dwelling are detached from other buildings on all sides a distance of not less
than eight feet.

"Fire walls shall be continuous from foundation to three feet above roof level, that is
to say, three feet above the point of connection between roof and fire wall at every part of the
roof where it connects with the fire wall; and fire walls shall be required on all buildings except
 the walls of private dwellings with peaked or hipped roofs where such private dwellings are
detached from other buildings on all sides a distance of not less than eight feet. The planking
or sheeting of any such roof shall not extend across the fire wall of such building, shed, stable,
barn, feed yard or other outbuilding.

Section 2. That Section 3 of said Ordinance No. 27 be, and the same is, hereby
amended so that the same shall read as follows:

Sec. 3. All roofs and gutters hereafter placed on any building built of stone, concrete,
 terra cotta, brick, adobe, or other equivalent incombustible materials, as hereinabove provided 
for, including buildings already erected or to be erected within the fire limits, shall be
cove red on the outside surface with metal, slate, tile, brick, concrete or other incombustible
material, and all wooden cornices placed on any such buildings shall be separated from the wooden
cornice or other wooden part of any adjacent structure by a brick or other fireproof partition
of at least four inches, and any of the outer timbers or woodwork of any such structure shall
not connect with any of the interior timbers or woodwork".

Sec. 3. That Section 6 of said Ordinance No. 27 be, and the same is, hereby amended,
so that the same shall read as follows:

Sec. 6. No frame or wooden structure shall hereafter be built within the fire limits
as given herein, or within the fire limits hereafter established, except the following; and all
roofs placed upon all such buildings or structures shall have an incombustible covering.

(a) Temporary one-story frame buildings for use of builders; provided, that same
shall not remain upon said premises more than five days after the building, for use in which
the same is constructed, is completed, and in no event to remain on such premises for a longer
period than six months from the time of the commencement of such temporary structure.

(b) One-story sheds not over 15 feet high, open on the long sides covered with 
incombustible material, and with an area not exceeding 500 square feet. A wooden fence shall not
be used to form the back or sides of said sheds.		

(c) Wooden fence not over ten feet high.

(d) Piazzas or balconies not exceeding 10 feet in width, not extending more than
three feet above the second story floor beams. No such structure shall extend beyond the lot
line, or be joined to any similar structure of another building. Awnings, piazzas and balconies
built of fireproof material may extend beyond the lot line, provided consent for the building
of the same are first obtained from the Board of City Commissioners; otherwise the same shall
be deemed nuisances and subject to removal and such other penalty as shall be herein provided.

(e) Bay windows when covered with incombustible material.

(f) Small outhouses not exceeding 150 square feet in area with not to exceed eight-
feet sides.

Wooden sheds or outhouses shall not be located within five feet of any lot line, not
less than 30 feet from any other building over one story high.

"Buildings with wooden frame-work clad with sheet metal, or metal lath and plaster, or
veneered with brick, shall be classed as frame buildings."

Sec. 4. That Section 7 of said Ordinance No. 27 be, and the same is hereby amended so