Ordinance No. 34.



An Ordinance granting to Las Vegas Land & Water Company, its successors and assigns, a Franchise
to construct, Operate and Maintain Transmission Lines for Electric Light and power Purposes and
for Telephone and Telegraph Purposes in portions of the City of Las Vegas.

The Board of commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. A franchise, right and privilege is hereby given and granted by the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to Las Vegas Land &

Water Company, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, its
successors and assigns to construct, install, operate, maintain, repair and manage transmission
lines in, through, over, along and across each and all of those certain streets and alleys of the
City of Las Vegas, in Clark County, State of Nevada, viz:

Beginning at a point in the westerly side of Main street at its intersection with Bridger
street; thence easterly along Bridger street to the alley in Block 21 of said Townsite; thence
southerly along the alleys and across the intersecting streets to the northerly line of Garces
street.

Also beginning at a point in the alley of Block 26 of said townsite at its intersection with

the southerly line of Clark street; thence southerly along the alleys and across the intersecting

streets to the northerly line of said Garces street.

Also beginning at a point in the alley of Block 39 of said townsite at its intersection
with the southerly line of said Clark street; thence southerly along the alleys and across the
intersecting streets to the northerly line of said Garces street.

Also beginning at a point in Bonneville street at its intersection with the alley in Block 24

of said townsite; 	thence easterly along said Bonneville street to an intersection with the

alley in Block 40 of said townsite, for the purpose of conducting electric energy for light and
power purposes, and for telephone and telegraph purposes, together with connections, laterals
and all necessary and proper appliances used in connection therewith that it may be necessary

or desirable to install to furnish light and power and telephones for private, household, and
other purposes, to residences, buildings or other structures that may be situated upon blocks
23, 24, 25, 26, 39, 40, and the westerly half of block 22 of Clarks Las Vegas Townsite, City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and to the inhabitants and users thereof for
all necessary and useful purposes.

Section 2. That for the purpose of maintaining said transmission lines and of extending the same
from time to time as necessity may require, the said grantee is, and his successors and assigns
are, hereby given and granted a right of way over and through the streets and alleys heretofore
described in Section 1 of this franchise with the right to make the necessary excavations in
the said streets and alleys in order to place their poles therein and to make all necessary
repairs to said transmission lines or any part thereof.

Section 3. in consideration of the grant of franchise, right and privilege hereby granted,
the said grantee, its successors and assigns agree:

(A)	That all poles used for the purpose of said transmission lines shall not be less than
30 feet in height and the wire strung thereon shall not be less than 25 feet above the ground,
and that said lines shall be installed with good material and in a workman-like manner and at
all times kept in good repair, and all wires strung after the passage of this ordinance shall
be, and shall at all times be kept, fully and properly insulated; and all wires now upon said
poles shall be fully and properly insulated within one year after the passage of this ordinance.

(B)	To make at its own expense any openings in lines necessary at any time to permit the
moving of houses or other property along the public streets or alleys.

(C) Move at its own expense any pole or poles or other appurtenances that it may be necessary

 to move to best serve the interests of the public, when ordered to do so by said city.