Ordinance No. 19.

An ordinance amending ordinance No. 12. of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An ordinance
providing for the collection of a dog license or Tax"

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

That ordinance No. 12, of the City of Las Vegas, passed on the 6th, day of September 1911.
and entitled. "An ordinance for the collection of a dog license or tax" be and the same is hereby
amended so that the same shall read as follows:

Section. 1, That from and after the first day of October, 1911, thereby and is hereby
levied upon and against each and every dog now in or which may hereafter come into the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, the following sums of money as license fees or taxes viz:

For each male dog, two dollars,

For each female dog, five dollars.

Which said sums of money shall be due and must be paid annually on the first day of
October of each and every year, for each dog coming or brought into the said City after the
day fixed for the payment and collection of such license fee of tax the full annul license or
tax for the current year shall be immediately collected and paid.

Sect. 2, That it is hereby made the duty of every person owning or keeping, entering
or harboring any dog or owning or occupying the premises wherein any dog makes its home or
Place of residence, to call upon and pay to the City Clerk and ex-officio license Collector of
said City the license hereinabove provided for and fixed, and upon so paying said fee or tax

to the said official he shall give to the person so paying the same a receipt therefor together

with a metal tag bearing the legend "Dog Tax for-----(the current year) Paid, Las Vegas, Nevada.

which tag shall be consecutively numbered and record thereof kept by the official distributing
and issuing the same, And such tag shall firmly fixed to a leather ornamental collar and 
constantly worn by the dog upon which the tax or license has been paid.

Section 3, Any person who after the first day of October, 1911 shall own keep, entertain
or harbor any dog upon which the said license fee or tax has not been paid for the current year	

or who shall own, or keep or occupy the premises whereon or wherein any dog pon which the said
license fee or tax has not been paid for the current year shall be maintained or kept, shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and find in any sum not less than five dollars and not 

exceed the sum of ten dollars, for each and every such offence.

Section 4, After the first day of October, 1911, it shall be the duty of the police or
the member of the police force of the City of Las Vegas to immediately shoot, kill, or otherwise
destroy any dog which may be owned, kept, harbored or maintained in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
and upon which the license or tax for the current year has not been paid or which does not wear
a collar and tag advertising the fact of such payment; and for each and every animal so killed

or destroyed by any such police official, he shall be paid by the City of Las Vegas a fee of one

Dollar in addition to any salary he may at the time of such killing or destruction be receiving
and which fee shall cover all expenses of carrying away and disposing of the remains of any such
canine, or dog. This ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and advertisement.

The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board,

After due consideration upon the part of the Board, it was upon motion of Stewart, and

seconded, by von Tobel, and duly carried ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as
read and as an emergency ordinance, and the Clerk instructed to have the same published as by
law provided. the vote being as follows to-wit:- McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye,

Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye,

Dated this 1st, day of November, 1911.	Peter Buol Mayor.