Section XI. STREET SUPERINTENDENT AUTHORIZED TO ESTABLISH CROSS-WALKS.



The Street Superintendent is hereby authorized to establish and maintain, by paint
marks upon the surface of the roadway, or metal plates at the side of said road cross-walks
approximately equal in width to the adjacent sidewalks at all intersections in the Central
Traffic District and in all business districts and in addition may establish cross-walks
fifteen (15) feet in width as near the middle as is practicable, of any block in the City
of Las Vegas.

Section XII. PEDESTRIANS TO OBEY SIGNALS.

At intersections where traffic is directed by police officer or by traffic signal, it
shall be unlawful for any pedestrian to cross the roadway other than with released traffic.

Section XIII. PEDESTRIANS STANDING ON SIDEWALKS.

In the Central Traffic District, or in any business districts, it shall be unlawful
for any pedestrian to stop or stand on the sidewalk, except as near as is physically possible
to the building line or to the curb line.

ARTICLE IV.

Section XIV. TURNING.

It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle to violate or fail to comply with
any of the provisions hereinafter in this section set forth.

(1)	In turning to the left, vehicles shall keep to the right of the intersection
markers and the center of the intersections or of markers placed upon the intersection
boundary lines to be crossed by said vehicle in turning to the left; provided, however,
that in the absence of any such intersection or boundary line marker, the operator of any
vehicle shall pass to the center of the intersection before turning.

(2)	No vehicle shall be turned to the left at any street intersection or into any
alley or driveway, unless said vehicle is at the time in the line of vehicles nearest the
canter of the roadway.

(3) Between the hours of seven A. M. and seven P. M. of any day no vehicle shall be
turned to the left into or out of any alley or driveway in the Central Traffic District or
in any business district or upon any intersection where the Street Superintendent shall have
posted on the approaching side of the roadway a proper signal so directing.

(4)	Between the hours of seven A. M. and seven P. M. of any day no vehicle shall be
turned at any intersection in the Central Traffic District or in any business district in
such manner as to cause the same to proceed in an opposite direction upon the street upon
which said vehicle is travelling at the time of entering said intersection; provided, that
between the hours of seven A. M. and ten P. M. of any day no such vehicle shall be so turned
 at an intersection on Fremont Street from the West line of Main Street to the East line
of Tenth Street.

(5) Right hand turns may be made at any intersection outside the Central Traffic 
District at anytime, regardless of traffic signals, provided, however, that the operator of
vehicles shall not turn such vehicle to the right at any intersection or into any alley or
driveway unless such vehicle is, at the time of turning, in the line of traffic nearest the
curb to the right of said vehicle.

(6)	The Street Superintendent is hereby authorized to mark intersections in the
following manner:	A single marker shall be placed at the intersection of the medial lines

of intersecting streets when said streets intersect at right angles, except those intersections
 which in the opinion of the Street Superintendent shall be marked by placing a
marker on each of the intersecting streets at the intersection of the medial lines of the
roadway and a prolongation of the property lines of the intersecting streets. For streets
which do not intersect at right angles or which can not be marked in either manner above
specified in the opinion of the Street Superintendent he shall mark the same by placing a
marker in each of the intersecting streets at he points which in his opinion shall be most
practicable and safe to the travelling public.

Section XV. DRIVING FROM ALLEYS.

It shall be unlawful for any operator of a vehicle to drive said vehicle out of an
alley or driveway unless such vehicle has been brought to a complete stop immediately prior
to crossing-the sidewalk.

Section XVI. SCATTERING LOAD.



It shall be unlawful to operate any vehicle so loaded or constructed that any part of
its load is dropped upon the roadway.

Section XVII. BOULEVARD RIGHT OF WAY.

Vehicles travelling in a lawful manner upon the following streets shall have the right
of way on that street over vehicles approaching from intersecting streets unless such street
shall have boulevard stops placed therein:

Stewart Street from the East line of Main Street to the East line of Sixth Street.

Main Street from the City Limits on the North to the intersection with Fifth Street
near the South City limits.

Fremont Street from the East line of Main Street to the City limits on the East.

First Street from the South line of Stewart Street to the South line of Garces Street.

Second Street from the South line of Stewart Street to the South line of Garces
Street.

Third Street from the South line of Stewart Street to the South line of Carson Street.

Fourth Street from the South line of Stewart Street to the South line of Lewis Street.

Clark Avenue on west side from the west line of Main Street to the West line of
Eighth Street in Original Townsite of Las Vegas.