May 5-6-7-9-10-11 1932.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st day of June, 1932.

My Commissioner expires Dec 28 1934. A. E. Cahlan

(Notarial Seal)	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO. 188.

An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Section 5 of Ordinance No. 166 of the
City of Las Vegas, and to repeal all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict
therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section 5 of Ordinance No. 166 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled:

"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the erection, construction, enlargement
alteration, repair, moving, removal, demolition, conversion, occupancy, equipment, use,
height, area, and maintenance of all buildings and/or structures in the City of Las Vegas;
providing for the issuance of permits, and collection of fees therefor; providing penalties
for the violation thereof; declaring and establishing Fire Zones; Repealing Ordinances
Nos. 144-27-59-61 and 72 of the City of Las Vegas and all other Ordinances and parts of
ordinances in Conflict therewith," shall be the same and the same is hereby amended, 
revised and re-enacted so that the same shall read as follows:

"Section 3. That the entire incorporate area of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
declared to be and is hereby established as a Fire District and said Fire District shall be
known and designated as Fire Zones 2 and 5, and each such zone shall include such territory
or portions of said City as illustrated, outlined an designated on a certain map on file
in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated as
"Map Showing Fire Zones City of Las Vegas, Nev. as amended in connection with Ordinance
No. 188 of said City," which is hereby adopted as the fire zoning map of the City of Las
Vegas for the application of the regulations included in the "Uniform Building Code,

1930 Edition, published May 1930, by Pacific Coast Building Officials' Conference."

Section 2. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby
repealed. But it is specifically provided that neither the amendment hereby made to said
Ordinance nor may repeal hereby provided shall effect in any way any prosecution for the
violation of said Ordinance pending pending at the time of the going into effect of this
Ordinance.

Section 5. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and
adoption and publication for one week (six issues) in Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 9th day of May 1932, upon the following vote: 
Commissioners Mundy and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. noes none.

First reading November 20th, 1931.	

Second and final reading May 9th, 1932.

Approved:

E. W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss
County of Clark)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of
the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of six days from May 10 to
May 16th, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

May 10-11-12-15-14-16, 1932.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above

named.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st day of June, 1932.

	A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commissioner Expires
Dec. 28 1934.

(Notarial Seal)