of America at the office of the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, or, at the

option of the holder of this interest Coupon at the Importers & Traders National Bank, City of

New York, State of New York, being the semi-annual interest then due on its sewerage bond, dated

January 1, 1912. No.______	Peter Buol Mayor

Countersigned, : Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Be it Further Ordained and Ordered that for the purpose of making provision, for the prompt

payment of the installments of interest as they fall due and to create a sinking fund to pay the



principal of said bonds at maturity, there shall be and there is hereby levied an annual tax until

principal and interest of said bonds are fully paid, sufficient to pay the annual interst on the

outstanding bonds as the installments thereof accrue, and the further sum as follows:	In each

of the years 1912 to 1921, both inclusive, the further sum of $1500.00; in each of the years 1922

to 1930 the further sum of $2777.88, which amounts shall be placed in a sinking fund and shall

be used exclusively to pay the principal of said bonds at maturity. Be it further ordained that

the Mayor an City Clerk hereby authorized to execute said bonds for and on behalf of the

City substantially in the manner and form aforesaid, and to deliver the same to American Light

and Water Company the purchasers thereof, upon payment of the purchase price thereof, the 

proceeds of the sale of said bonds shall be placed in a special fund and shall be used exclusively

for the purpsoses above specified in such manner and to such extent as the Board of Commissioners

may by ordinance, order or resolution from time to time direct. Be it Further Ordained that

it is found and determined by the Board of Commissioners that the health and welfare of the people

of the City of Las Vegas make it necessary that the sewer system be constructed at the earliest

possible time, and therefore an emergency exists, and that the unanimous consent of the entire



Board of Commissioners be given that this ordinance be immediately passed and that all rules 
otherwise preventing its passage be and they are hereby ordered suspended and that this ordinance by
unanimous consent be immediately passed. Be it further ordained that any and all former

ordinances or resolutions of this Board inconsistent with the foregoing are to the extent of any
such inconsistency hereby rescinded. The motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance was thereupon
seconded by Commissioner W.J. Stewart and upon call of the roll the vote thereon was unanimous
as follows: Ayes," Commissioners W.J. Stewart, Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Von Tobel, aye,
and his honor the Mayor. "Nays" None. Thereupon the Mayor declared said ordinance adopted.
(SEAL) Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor.	

Affidavit of Publisher.

Chas C. Corkhill, being frist duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review a
weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
and that the Ordinance No. 31, of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true and
correct copy was published in said paper one issues, on the following dates to-wit: June 8th, 1912.

	Chas C. Corkhill	

subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th, day of June A.D. 1912.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.