Resolution to designate the hours during which the collection of garbage may be conducted and the place



       where such box or vessel shall be placed by the occupant of such premises on garbage collection days
and during garbage collection hours.

Sec. 6. Any violation of any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall constitute a misdemeanor,
and every person, firm or corporation found guilty of violating any of said provisions shall, upon
conviction thereof, be fined not less than Five Dollars nor more than One Hundred Dollars, or be imprisoned
in the City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of not exceeding one day for each two dollars of
such fine in case such fine is not paid, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding three months
or by both such fine and imprisonment.

		

Sec. 7. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in operation on and after its adoption and publication

 for a period of one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in said

City of Las Vegas.	

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting of

the Board of City Commissioners on Dec. 1, 1920, and read for the second time and passed at a regular

		

meeting of said Board held on January 6th, 1921, upon the following vote, viz: Comms. Conklin, Pembroke
and His Hon. the Mayor, W. E. Ferron, voting aye. Noes, none.

Florence S. Doherty

City Clerk.

Approved this 6th day of January, 1921.

W. E. Ferron, Mayor.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA, )

) ss.

County of Clark )

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the Las

VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 80 of the City of Las Vegas,

was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week inclusive, being the issues of said 
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: January 8, 1921. That said newspaper was regularly issued and
circulated on each of the dates above named. That the charge for publishing the same was $16.50.

Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of May, 1921.

(Seal)	Florence S. Doherty, County Clerk in and for

Filed May 27, 1921	Clark County, Nevada.

Florence S. Doherty, Clerk.