AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

C. P. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher
of the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed,
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the attached ordinance #l35 was continuously published in said newspaper
for a period of one week from May 7th, 1929, to May 11th, 1929 inclusive, being
the issues of said newspaper for the following dates: May 7, 9 and 11th 1929.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the above
dates above named. That the charge for publishing the same was $29.20.

before	Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to me this 13th day of May, 1929.

C. D. Breeze Notary.

My Commission expires May 26th, 1931.

Ordinance No. 136



	An Ordinance authorizing R. F. CRITTENDEN, and his assigns, to install, lay down

and maintain gas mains, distributing pipes and supply pipes, and all necessary and
proper appliances used in connection therewith or appurtenant thereto, in, through,
over, across, under and along all or any of the streets, alleys or public grounds of
the City of Las Vegas in carrying on the business of furnishing gas to the inhabitants
of said City for heating, lighting, power and other uses and purposes, and establishing
regulations and conditions in connection therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That a franchise be and the same is hereby granted to R. F. CRITTENDEN,
and to his assigns, to install, lay down and maintain gas mains and distributing pipes,
and supply pipes, and all necessary and proper appliances used in connection therewith,
or appurtenant thereto, in, through, over, across, under and along all or any of the
streets, alleys or public grounds of the said City of Las Vegas, including Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite, the original Townsite of Las Vegas and all additions and subdivisions
now existing as a part of said City and all additions and subdivisions which may hereafter 
be added to said City of Las Vegas during the life of this franchise, as the
grantee, or his assigns, may deem necessary or expedient in carrying on the business of
furnishing gas to the inhabitants of said City of Las Vegas for heating, lighting,
power and other uses and purposes.

Section 2. For the purposes aforesaid the said grantee, and his assigns, shall
have the right to make the necessary excavations in said streets, alleys and public
grounds; provided, the said grantee, or his assigns, shall:

(a)	In all cases, after making any excavations in the streets, alleys or public
grounds, promptly restore such street, alley or public ground to its former condition.

(b)	Fully observe all of the ordinances and regulations of said City of Las Vegas
now in existence, or which may hereafter be adopted, relative to the making of 
excavations in such streets, alleys and public grounds.

(c)	At all times hold said City of Las Vegas free, and harmless from any and all
liability, damages, costs, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by reason of damage to
persons or property caused by such excavations made in such streets, alleys or public
grounds.

Section 3. As further conditions upon which this franchise is granted, it is
provided:

1.	That the municipal authorities shall further have the power to make all
necessary rules and regulations for the laying and maintaining of all such mains,
distributing pipes, supply pipes, appliances and appurtenances, and shall have power
to change the rules and regulations from time to time as in their judgment may seem
just and proper.

2.	The municipal authorities shall also have the right to direct the change in
location at any time of such gas mains, distributing pipes, supply pipes, appliances
and appurtenances, and to establish and change the grades of said streets, alleys and
public grounds.

3.	Said grantee, and his assigns, shall at all times keep said gas mains,
distributing pipes, supply pipes, appliances and appurtenances in proper condition and
repair, so that the same shall not damage or obstruct the use of said streets, alleys
or public grounds for travel or for public uses by reason of leakages or otherwise.

Section 4. A violation of any of the provisions of this Franchise shall be
grounds for and entitle said City to revoke and annul this franchise in whole or in
part, or said City may pursue such other remedy or course as the law permits. Said
City hereby reserves all rights incident to the grantor of a municipal franchise, and
this Franchise is granted subject to the supervisory regulation and control by the