Ordinance No. 16.

An ordinance to preserve the peace and good order of Las Vegas, Nevada.

The Board of Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas, do ordain:

Any person or persons who shall engage in any fight or who shall challenge another
person to fight or who shall use profane, indecent, obscene or inappropriate epithets or language
in addressing any other person or persons in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, or any person who
shall be guilty of any disorderly conduct in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished by fine in any sum not exceeding one hundred dollars
or be imprisoned in the City Jail of said City for any period not exceeding fifty days.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approve
Upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by McGovern  it was unanimously voted by the
entire Board that this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, The vote being cast as follows to-wit:
Coughlin, aye, von Tobel, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, and his honor the Mayor aye.

Dated September 6th, A.D. 1911.	Peter Buol. Mayor

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; That he is a citizen 
of the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County

	

Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark

County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. l6, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the

attached is a true and correct copy was published in said paper on the 9th, day of sept ember 1911.

(SEAL)	Chas. C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th, of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.



Ordinance No. 17.

	An ordinance defining and prohibiting assault and Battery.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain:

1, An assault in an unlawful attempt coupled with the present ability to commit a violent
 injury to the person of another and any person convicted thereof, shall be subject to a 
fine not exceeding one hundred dollars.

2,	Assault and battery is the unlawful beating of another person, and any person convicted

 thereof, shall be fined in any sum not exceeding two hundred and fifty dollars, or imprisonment
 in the City Jail for any period not exceeding ninety days or by both such fine and	

imprisonment.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its approval and

passage.			

Upon motion of von Tobel, and seconded by McGovern, it was unanimously voted by the
	  		   	

entire Board that this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows

Coughlin, aye, Von Tobel, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye,

Dated the 6th, day of September A.D. 1911.

(SEAL) Attest; Harley A. Harmon. Clerk.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.