	ORDINANCE NO 94

 An Ordinance to Amend Sections Twenty (20) and Twenty-two (22) of Ordinance No 66 of the
City Of Las Vegas entitled: "An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic upon the Public
Streets of the City of Las Vegas Nevada" as Amended by Sections 2 and 3 Respectively of Ordinance
No 90 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to Amend Section Six (6) of Ordinance
No 66 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic upon the
Public Streets of Las Vegas Nevada, as Amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No 86 of the City of
Las Vegas entitled, "An Ordinance to Amend Section Six: (6) and to Repeal Section Seven (7) of
Ordinance No 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic
upon the Public Streets of the City Of Las Vegas Nevada: also to Amend Sections Twenty (20) and
Twenty-two (22) of said Ordinance No 66, and to add three New Sections to said Ordinance No 66,
to be known as Sections 34a, 35a and 36a, respectively, by Way of Amendments and to Repeal all
Ordinances or Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith" and to Amend Section 34a as Created by
said Ordinance No 90, and to Repeal all Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section Twenty (20) of said Ordinance No 66 as amended by Section 2 of said
Ordinance No 90, is hereby amended so as to read as follows:

"Section 20 The driver of any vehicle crossing from one side of any street to the other
side thereof, shall make such crossing by turning to the left so as to head in the direction
in which the traffic is moving on the side of the street toward which the crossing is made,
and such crossing shall not be made within the limits of any block on Fremont Street in Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite, but only at the street corners of said Fremont Street in Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite."

Section 2. Section Twenty-two (22) of said Ordinance No 66 as amended by Section 3 of
said Ordinance No 90, is hereby amended so as to read as follows:

"It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle to stop the same, or cause the same to
be stopped, in or upon any street with the wheel or wheels of such vehicle on the side of the
vehicle nearest the curb more than two feet distant from such curb, and unless such vehicle
shall stand parallel to such curb or shall stand headed toward such curb at an angle of not
more than forty-five degrees in relation to such curb provided, however, that the provisions
of this section shall not apply in case of emergency, or when such stop is made for the
purpose of allowing another vehicle or pedestrian to pass in front of such vehicle so stopped,
or in compliance with the order or signal from a police officer."

Section 3. Section 34a of said Ordinance No 66 as created by Section 4 of said Ordinance
No 90, is hereby amended so as to read as follows:

"Section 34a. It shall be unlawful for any person to permit any auto truck or any automobile
to remain upon Fremont Street, Carson Street or Ogden Street between Main Street and Fourth Street
or upon Main Street, First Street, Second Street, Third Street or Fourth Street between Carson Street
and Ogden Street in said Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in said City of Las Vegas daring the period
from one o'clock A. M. to six o'clock A. M. of any day unless the same be an auto track or
automobile of a physician or surgeon, actually at the time engaged in his duties as such, or unless
the same be a taxi cab with the driver present and in charge and such taxi cab having a lamp
attached to the rear thereof showing a red light as provided in Section 2 of this Ordinance No 66."

"Section 4. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 5. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for a period of one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 19th day of July, 1922, upon the following
vote: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Gorton voting aye. Noes, None.

First reading July 5,1922. Second reading July 19,1922.

Approved : R. W. Gorton

Attest Florence S. Doherty	Chairman Pro Tem