(b) The Superintendent of Streets shall determine the location of "loading zones"
and shall mark by appropriate signs or as specifically required herein, those places where
standing for loading only is permitted under this section, subject to the following requirements
and imitations:

Bus stops shall be designated by appropriate signs at those places determined by the
Board of City Commissioners by resolution, except that a bus stop shall not exceed fifty
feet in length, and shall not be placed adjacent to a safety zone at a street car stop;

Every loading zone, also that portion of every curb reserved for loading only by 
paragraphs 4, 5, and 6 of Subdivision (a) of this Section, shall be designated by yellow paint,
or other yellow material, upon the entire curb surface therein with the words "LOADING ONLY"
in black letters thereon.

Within the Central Traffic District, not more than forty (40) feet on each side of
the street in any one block may be set apart as a loading zone.

	Section XXVI. PARKING TIME LIMITED IN CERTAIN PLACES.

Subject to the provisions of Sections twenty-four and twenty-five of this Ordinance
between the hours of seven A. M. and six P. M. of any day, excepting Sundays and Holidays,
it shall be unlawful for the operator of any vehicle to park said vehicle for a period of
 time longer than forty-five minutes upon Fremont Street from the East line of Main Street
to the East line of Sixth Street, or for a period of time longer than one hour upon any
street in the Central Traffic District where the Street Superintendent has designated by

	signs a limit of one hour for parking, and such Street Superintendent is hereby empowered
to make such designation and erect such signs.

It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to park any vehicle on that
portion of any public street within he corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas within
fifteen feet on either side of the center line of the main entrance to any hotel containing
forty or more rooms and having its office on the ground floor of such hotel.

It shall be unlawful for any person to park any vehicle or to leave any vehicle or to
cause any vehicle to be parked or left in front of any sidewalk elevator or chute or within
a space of five feet on either side of such sidewalk elevator or chute in the City of Las
Vegas.

It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to park any vehicle in any
alley in the City of Las Vegas.

The Board of City Commissioners may, by resolution, when it is deemed advisable for
safety or convenience of traffic, designate certain places or districts in the Central
Traffic District in which places or districts it shall be unlawful to park any vehicle, or
to hitch any animals, or leave any animals standing, and the Board of City Commissioners
may, by resolution, when it is deemed advisable for the safety or convenience of traffic,
designate certain streets or portions of streets on which the traffic shall always turn in
one direction, and any violation of said resolution, as in this section provided, shall be
punishable as in this Ordinance hereinafter provided.

Said Board of Commissioners may also, by resolution, when it is deemed advisable,
designate certain space or spaces in the Central Traffic District which shall be reserved
for the parking of municipal automobiles and vehicles of the City of Las Vegas, wherein it
shall be unlawful for any other person to park any other vehicle in said space or spaces.

It shall be unlawful for any person to hitch, or cause or permit to be hitched, any
horse, mule, or other animal, or to leave standing, or cause or permit to be left standing,
any bicycle, motorcycle, buggy, carriage, wagon or other vehicle, or any animal upon any
street within twenty (20) feet of any street intersection corner.

In no case shall any part of any vehicle or part of the load of such vehicle, or
trailer attached to such vehicle parked as provided for in this ordinance, project into the
street more than fifteen (15) feet measured on a line at right angles to the curb.

The Street Superintendent is hereby authorized to erect and maintain signs and 
markers designating the provisions of this section.

	Section XXVIII. MANNER OF PARKING.

It shall be unlawful for the operator of any vehicle to park said vehicle other than
parallel with the curb, except where the Street Superintendent has indicated that angle parking
is permitted by placing of white lines, or markers, upon the surface of the roadway or
by the erection and maintenance of signs designating that angle parking is permitted.

	Section XXIX. PARKING VEHICLES FOR SALE, ETC.

It shall be unlawful for the operator of any vehicle to park on any street in the City
of Las Vegas any vehicle upon which there is a "For Sale" sign, or to park any vehicle upon
any street in the Central Traffic District, or in any business district, from which said
vehicle merchandise is being sold or on which merchandise is placed and advertised for sale,
or on which any article is being repaired, modeled, remodeled or manufactured.

ARTICLE XVI. MISCELLANEOUS REGULATIONS.

Section XXX. CAREFUL RIDING AND DRIVING.

Every person riding, driving, propelling or in charge of any vehicle upon any streets,
shall ride, drive, or propel such vehicle in a careful manner and with due regard to the
safety and convenience of pedestrians and all other vehicles upon such streets, and any
person not so riding, driving or propelling said vehicle, shall be deemed guilty of reckless
driving.

	Section XXXI. DRIVING UNDER SIXTEEN YEARS:



No person owning or in charge of any automobile or motor vehicle shall permit the same