agreement is made, or an undertaking, verbal, written or otherwise, had with the vendor, to 
re-sell to him the same goods, wares or merchandise, or to sell other goods, wares or merchandise
in their place or stead, then, and in case of such agreement as aforesaid, a license tax of
$30.00 per quarter shall be paid.

(41) Every person, firm or corporation, who ships in and sells in the City of Las Vegas any
bankrupt, assigned or damaged stock of goods, wares, merchandise, drags, jewelry, dry goods,
boots and shoes, clothing, hardware, groceries, furniture or other stock of merchandise shall pay
a license of $300.00 per quarter or fraction thereof.

(42) Corn doctors, traveling merchants, hawkers, vendors of books, charts, maps, patent medicines
or any minor articles of trade, or peddlers who vend goods, wares, merchandise of any kind whether
by sample or otherwise, to those not regularly engaged in carrying on the business of selling such
books, etc., mast pay a license of twenty-five dollars per month; and every such traveling merchant,
hawker, or peddler who uses a wagon, automobile or cart, or one or more animals for the purpose of
vending such goods, wares or merchandise of any kind, mast pay a license of thirty-five dollars per
month; provided, however, that every person who vends or peddles vegetables, berries or fruit, shall
pay a license of twenty-five dollars per year, or for any part or portion of a year. In cases where
such persons are engaged in such occupation for less time than one month they shall pay a license
of five dollars per day for each day or part of a day or night while so engaged, and when obtaining
a license, such persons shall state the number of days for which they shall require the same, which
shall be inserted therein by the City Clerk, and on the expiration thereof they shall before engaging
farther in such occupation, procare a new license; provided, that every traveling merchant,
hawker peddler or vendor, street fakir, or advertiser who advertises goods, wares or merchandise
of any kind by music, singing or dancing, jugglery, tricks, sleight of hand, buffoonery, gymnastics
or any spectacular display, show or performance, or by speeches or oratory, or by any performance

upon the streets calculated to draw or collect a crowd of people about those calling or advertising



wares as aforesaid, shall pay a license in the sum of twenty-five dollars per day; provided, farther 
that this paragraph shall not apply to any farmer who vends or peddles vegetables, berries,

fruit, meats, or farm products (except dairy products) raised or grown by him on land owned or rented



by him in the County of Clark; provided, farther, that the obtaining of a license to do any of
the things or for any business in this ordinance specified, shall not authorize or empower the
holder of such license to do anything which is not or may hereafter be made unlawful by any 
ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, or other law applicable thereto.

(43) For each milk peddler..............................................$5.00 per quarter

     (44) For each Sewing machine agent....................................$10.00	"	"

(45) For each nickel-in-the-slot machine, or slot machine or punch	

Board, allowed by law.......................................... ..$15.00	"	"

(46) For each vulcanizing business operated as a separate business.. 5.00

Section 3. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed
bat this ordinance shall not repeal or affect in any way the operation of Ordinance No. 75 of the
City of Las Vegas.

Section 4. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after the 30th day of June,

1921, and after the passage thereof shall be published for a period of one week (one issue) in the

Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 15th day of June, 1921, upon the following vote:

Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Martin and Ireland, and His Honor the Mayor H. T. Jones, voting aye.

Noes, none,

First reading June 7th, 1921.

Second reading June 15th, 1921.

Approved: H. T. JONES,

Mayor.

Attest: Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk.