or corporation to use any gas through or by means of any piping or fittings in any building,
 or to furnish or supply gas to be used through or by means of such pipes or fittings

until the same shall have been inspected approved by the Plumbing Inspector and the 
certificate hereinbefore provided	shall have been issued therefor.

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage and adoption and publication for one week (six issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a
daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 26th day day of October, 1931, upon the following vote:
Commissioners Mundy, Thomas Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye.

Noes none.

First reading Sept. 17th, Second and final reading October 26th, 1931.

Approved this 26th day of October, 1931.

E. W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss
County of Clark )

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, disposes and says: That he is 
publisher of the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and 
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance No. 182 was published in said newspaper for a period of one week from Oct. 27
to Nov. 1, 1931 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates
to-wit: Oct. 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, and Nov. 1, 1931.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the legal charge for publishing the same was $

Signed___C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 8th day of Dec. 1931

C. D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 183.

"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, to amend Sections IV and V of Ordinance
No. 168 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An ordinance of the Commission of the City
of Las Vegas, establishing a residence district, industrial and commercial districts
within the said City of Las Vegas; defining such districts; declaring it unlawful to erect
establish, maintain, or operate certain factories, works, or establishments within said
residence districts and said commercial districts; regulating the erection, establishment
maintenance and operation and rebuilding of certain works or establishments in said 
districts; providing a penalty for the violation of said ordinance, and repealing ordinances
in conflict therewith."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section IV of said Ordinance No. 168 is hereby amended so that the
same shall read as follows: Section IV. it shall be unlawful for any person, firm,
or corporation to erect, establish, maintain, operate, or carry on, within the residence
districts described in Section 1 hereof, any industrial business, or commercial establishment
 of any kind whatsoever, except with the approval of the Board of City Commissioners
 of the City of Las Vegas and with the written consent of the owners of more than
fifty (50%) per cent of the area of the land within a radius of 500 feet of such proposed
industrial business or commercial establishments, exclusive however, of land used for
public streets, highways, or alleys and land used for railroad, interurban railroad, or
street railroad rights of ways; provided, however, that said Board of Commissioners may
not grant its approval for the erection, establishment, maintenance, or operation, within
the said residential districts of any gaming house or amusement establishment, or of any
of the factories, works, plants, or establishments named in Section 17 hereof; and provided,
 further, that the provisions of this Section shall not apply to any industrial
business or commercial establishment that is being operated, maintained, or carried on
within said residential districts at the time of the adoption of this Ordinance; and
provided further that the Board of City Commissioners of the City shall have the power
from time to time, by resolution, to fix and regulate the location of, and to prohibit
in certain portions thereof, gaming houses and places where gaming of any kind is carried
on within the commercial and/or industrial districts."

Section 11. Section V of said Ordinance No. 168 is hereby amended so that the same
shall read as follows: "Section V. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation
 to erect, establish, operate, carry on, or maintain any of the following named
factories, plants, works, or establishments within the City of Las Vegas, except within
the boundaries of the said industrial districts; to-wit: fireworks factories, shoe factory,
 rolling mill, furniture factory, camp ground, planing mill, gas factory or plant,
gas works, soap factory, glue factory, tallow rendering establishments, wholesale dye or
cleaning establishments employing five persons or more, tannery, foundry, oil well, oil