ORDINANCE NO. 174.



An Ordinance to amend Sections 1, 3, 4, 6 and 9 of Ordinance No. 161, of the City
of Las Vegas, and to amend said Ordinance by adding a new Section to he known as Section
22a, and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section 1 of Ordinance No. 161 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled:
"An Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical installation, fixture and connection
 work and providing for the examination of persons engaged in the same, creating
a Board of Examination, regulating the sale of electrical fixtures and appliances, providing
 for the licensing of electrical workers, providing additional regulations for electrical
 installation, fixing a penalty for the violation thereof, and repealing Ordinance
No. 156 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance regulating the business of doing
electrical installation, fixture and connection work and providing for the examination of
persons engaged in the same, and creating an examination board, and providing a penalty for
a violation thereof,' and repealing Ordinance No. 128 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
'An Ordinance providing for the licensing of electrical workers in the City of Las Vegas,
and fixing a penalty for the violation thereof,' and repealing all ordinances and parts of
Ordinances in conflict with the provisions of this Ordinance" is hereby amended so that the
same shall read as follows:

"Section 1. On and after the passage, adoption and completed publication of this
Ordinance, it shall be unlawful for any master electrician to do, or attempt to do, or
cause to be done, except as hereinafter provided, any electrical installation, fixture or
connection work whether original work or alteration, within any building in the City of Las
Vegas, without first undergoing before a Board of examination an examination as to his 
competency as an electrician or electrical worker and procuring from such Board certificate
thereof. Said Board of Examination shall consist of five members, one of whom shall be
the Electrical Inspector and the remaining four members shall be: two licensed Master
Electricians and two licensed journeymen electricians; said latter four members to be
appointed by the Board of City Commissioners, and the person so appointed may at any time
be removed by the Resolution or Order of the Board of City Commissioners of said City.

Such Board shall organize, adopt rules and regulations for its guidance, and elect one of
its members to be President and another its Secretary. An affirmative vote of a majority
of such Board at a regular or special meeting thereof shall be sufficient to authorize the
issuance of such certificate to any applicant therefor upon such examination, and such 
certificate to be signed by the President and Secretary of such Board. The records of said
Board of Examination shall at all times be open to the inspection of the Mayor and any
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and such Board of Examination shall make such 
reports to said Board of City Commissioners from time to time as required by said Board of
City Commissioners. The examination above provided shall consist of twenty (20) questions
on subjects covered by the National Electrical Code and shall be reasonable and practical.
All such examination papers shall by said Board of Examination be filed with the City Clerk
within ten days after such Examination is held, showing the percentage given and a record
of the certificate issued where a certificate of competency is allowed. If the Board of
City Commissioners shall be of the opinion, and shall so find, that the questions submitted
to the applicant, who does not pass such examination, do not conform to the provisions of
this paragraph said Board of Commissioners may direct a reexamination of such applicant
forthwith by said Board of Examination, and such re-examination shall be governed by all
the provisions of this Paragraph."

- 

Section 2. Section 3 of said Ordinance No. 161 is hereby amended so that the
same shall read as follows:

"Section 3. Before filing with said Board of Examination his application for an
examination, as provided in Section 1, the applicant for an examination shall pay a fee of
Fifty Dollars, and such examination shall be held by the Board of Examination not more
than thirty days after the filing of the application, of which the applicant shall receive
at least three days' notice. Such fee to be paid to the City Clerk. Any person failing to
pass any such examination shall be entitled to have returned to him the said sum of Fifty
Dollars, but any person failing to pass such examination shall not be permitted to take 
another examination at an earlier time than thirty days after the last preceding examination
had relating to such applicant, unless otherwise prescribed by an order of such Board of
Examination.

Section 3. Section 4 of said Ordinance No. 1661 is hereby amended so that the
same shall read as follows:

"Section 4. The word "person" as used herein shall include also any firm of
persons or corporation. A "master electrician" within the meaning of this Ordinance is a
person, firm or corporation actively engaged in the business of installing, altering,
and/or repairing electrical wiring of electrical lighting or heating apparatus for others,
directly or by means of agents or employees; provided, however, that in the case of a firm
or corporation engaging in the business of electrical work as aforesaid the provisions of
this Ordinance relative to certificate of qualification shall be deemed to be complied with
if the member of such firm, officer of such corporation, foreman or other person in charge
of such electrical work for such firm or corporation, shall have complied with the requirements
 hereof and received a certificate as a master electrician; but nothing herein shall
be deemed to permit any person to have charge of, exercise any control over or direct any
such electrical work without having obtained and having in force and effect a certificate
as herein provided for.

Provided, that none of the provisions of this Ordinance shall prevent the
lessee or owner of any premises from performing his own electrical work on such premises
with his own hands only, but if any one is hired to do such work the person hired shall be
a master electrician and not a journeyman electrician. All work so done by such lessee or
owner shall be subject to inspection, the payment of inspection fees, and shall be done
strictly in conformity with the Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas pertaining to electrical
work.

A "Journeyman electrician" within the meaning of this Ordinance is a person
employed by a master electrician to supervise under the control and direction of a master
electrician the installing, altering and/or repairing of electrical lighting or heating
apparatus or to do installing, altering and/or repairing of electrical wiring of electrical

lighting or heating apparatus.