Polyphase motors not larger that ten (10) horsepower capacity, if furnished
with approved starting devices arranged for push button control, may be started 
directly on the line, provided the rated capacity of any one such motor does not 
exceed thirty per cent (30%) of the connected power load.

CIRCUIT CAPACITY.

SECTION VIII. All wiring installations shall be so constructed as to produce
a drop voltage of not to exceed two (2) volts in one hundred and fifteen (115)
volt single phase circuits, four (4) volts in two hundred and thirty (230) volt
single phase circuits, and five (5) volts in two hundred and thirty volt (230)
three phase circuits.

The minimum wattage required per outlet shall be in accordance with the
following table;

(1) Public Buildings, School Buildings, Hotels, Assembly Halls, Club Houses,
Mfg. Plants, Public-Garages, Commercial Buildings, Stores, etc.

Ceiling Outlets	200	Watts

Bracket outlets	50	"

Storage rooms, hallways, closets, toilets                    50	"

The capacity of any circuit for lighting shall not exceed one thousand (1,000)
watts, except for Signs and Outline Lighting in which case all of the requirements
as recommended in the National Electrical Code shall be accepted, and employed.

The minium wattage for display cases and show window lighting shall be 
computed in accordance with the recommendations of the National Electrical Code.

Convenience outlets must be wired on separate circuits from lighting circuits
and not more that four (4) convenience outlets shall be wired with No. Fourteen (14)
wire on one circuit. Eight (8) convenience outlets may be wired with No. Twelve (12)
wire on one circuit.

(2) Residences, Flats Apartments, Cabins;	

Ceiling outlets (Living room)	150 Watts

"	"	( In all other rooms)	100	"

Bracket Outlets	50	"

Garage Outlets		100	"

The capacity of any circuit for lighting shall is not exceed one thousand
(1,000) watts.

Convenience outlets must be wired on separate circuits from lighting
circuits and not more than four (4) convenience outlets shall be wired with NO. 

Fourteen (14) wire on one circuit. Eight (8) convenience outlets may be wired with No.
Twelve (12) wire on one circuit.

INSPECTION RULES.

SECTION IX. All wires which are to be hidden from view shall be 
inspected before concealment and any person firm or corporation installing such wires
shall notify the Inspection Bureau to make the required inspection before such wires
are concealed, and no person shall conceal the same until permission has been obtained
from the Inspection Bureau in writing.

Permission to cover work to be concealed shall indicate by attaching a
tag or other marker to the work in a suitable place and shall show the date location,
that such permission has been granted, and the signature of the inspector. Approval
of fixtures, signs, and/or any apparatus used with electric lamps or other form of
electrical lighting or other devices customarily or frequently installed under separate
contract shall be in dictated by attaching a tag or marker to the work in a suitable
place and shall show the date, location, approval and signature of the inspector.

Upon completion and approval of a job there shall be a tag or marker
attached to the service switch, granting permission to the power company or other
serving agency to connect the installation for use. This tag shall show the date
location, approval, permission and signature of the inspector.

It shall be unlawful for any electric power company or other serving
agency or for any officer, servant, agent or employee of such power company to connect
its power lines or service wires to any installation of electrical construction
until such installation has been approved by the Electrical Inspector as in this
ordinance provided.

Where approval is withheld, a written notice stating defects in the work
shall be given to the person, firm or corporation to whom the permit was issued.

In event of any conflict or inconsistency between any requirement herein
 given or prescribed and any requirement of and law, order, rules or regulations of
the State of Nevada concerning the same matter and applying to the case under consideration,
 that the requirement which, in the opinion of the electrical Inspector,
prescribes and establishes the high standard of safety for life and property shall
take precedence and be complied with.

TERMS OF OFFICE QUALIFICATIONS. COMPENSATION, ETC. OF
ELECTRICAL INSPECTOR.

SECTION X. The City Electrical Inspector shall hold office during the
pleasure of the Board of City Commissioners. He must qualify within ten days from
the time of	his appointment by taking the constitutional oath of office and filing a

	bond in the	sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with the City Clerk, the same to

	be approved	by the said Board of City Commissioners, or some officer delegated to

	approve the	same by the said Board of City Commissioners. The City Electrical 

Inspector shall be entitled to receive and shall be paid monthly an amount equal to the
fees collected hereunder each month, up to but not to exceed Two Hundred ($200.00)
Dollars, and such amount shall be full compensation for all services rendered; provided,
 however, that the city shall not be liable in any respect for the differences
between the amount of the fees collected and the said sum of Two Hundred ($200.00)
Dollars.

RESPONSIBILITY.

SECTION XI. This ordinance shall not be constructed to relieve from or lessen
the responsibility or liability of any party owing, controlling, operating or installing
 any electrical construction and/or electrical material for damages to the person

or property caused by any defect therein, nor shall the City be held as assuming any
such liability by reason of the inspection authorized herein, or certificate of
inspection issued as herein provided.