cafe, restaurant, apartment house, flat, boarding house or building occupied by more )
that one family, or place where food is served to the public, the maximum rate collected
from the owner, occupant, tenant, or lessee of such business house, building, hotel
cafe, restaurant, apartment house, boarding house, or building occupied by more than
one family, or place where food is served to the public, for the daily removal of
such garbage shell not exceed Two Dollars and fifty Cents ($2.50) per month.

C. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as preventing an authorized garbage
collector from charging a less rate or charge for the collection of garbage than
fixed herein.

Section 2. For the purpose of the ordinance, the word "garbage" shall be held to
include and mean kitchen and table refuse and offal, swill, and also every accumulation
of animal, vegetable and other matter that attends the preparation, consumption, decay
or dealing or storage of meats, fish, fowls, birds, fruits, or vegetables; refuse, crockery
bottles, tin vessels, trimmings from lawns and flower gardens, pasteboard boxes, paper
straw, packing materials, boxes, ashes, and all non-combustible waste matters.

Section 5. At such time as there is in force a contract entered into by
the City of Las Vegas with any person, company or corporation for the collection of
garbage in the city, it shall be unlawful for any person, other than the persons in
the employ of the contractor having said contract, to collect, haul or remove any
garbage within the City of Las Vegas, and it shall be unlawful for any person to
interfere in any manner with the collection or disposal of garbage by the person or
persons authorized to do so.

Any person, company or corporation producing garbage shall place all wet
garbage in a suitable container, apart from the dry garbage so that such garbage may
be most conveniently handled under such restrictions as the Board of Health of the City
of Las Vegas may from time to time impose upon such person, company, or corporation
producing garbage.

It shall be unlawful for any such person, company corporation to sell or
dispose of such garbage. All of it must be delivered to the City fo Las Vegas, its
agents or contracts, for the removal, and disposal.

For the purpose of this "Ordinance", "wet Garbage" shall beheld to include
and mean kitchen and table refuse, and offal, swill, and also every accumulation of 
animal, vegetable, and other matter that attends the preparations, consumption, decay,
or dealing in or storage of meats, fish, fowls, birds, fruits or vegetables.

Section 4. It shall be the duty of any person contracting with the City of Las 
Vegas for the collection or disposal of garbage to comply with the Ordinances of the
City of Las Vegas, and also with such orders and regulations as may be made by the Board of
of Health.

Section 5. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof, shall punished a fine
of not less than Five Dollars, and not exceeding Fifty Dollars, or by imprisonment
in the City Jail until such fine is paid, at the rate of not exceeding one day for
each two dollars of such fine in case such fine is not paid, or by imprisonment in

the City Jail for a period of not to exceed thirty (30) days, or by both such fine,

and imprisonment.

Section 6. Ordinance No. 80 of the City of Las Vegas entitled; "An Ordinance
of the City of Las Vegas regulating the storage and removal of garbage, offal and refuse,
 animal, and vegetable matter" approved January 6, 1921 and all ordinances, and
parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 7. This ordinance shall take effect and be in operation on and after its adoption 	and 

publication for a period of one week (three issues) in the Las

Vegas, Age a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

I hereby certify that the fore going ordinance was read for a first time at
a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners on the 6th of June 1929, and read
for a second time and passed at a recessed regular meeting of the said Board on the 5th
day of July 1929, and upon the following vote, viz: Commissioners Thomas, Smith, Hansell
and German, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

Approved this 5th day of July 1929.

J. F. Hesse

Mayor.

Attest

Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.



State of Nevada)

County of Clark) SS

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, and deposes and says: that he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age a Tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation printed, and published at
Las Vegas in the County of Clark State of Nevada and that the Ordinance No. 138 of the
City of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of 3 
issues from July 9th 1929 to July 13th 1929 inclusive, being the issues of the said
newspaper for the following dates to-wit: July 9, 11 and 13 1929. That said newspaper
was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named, That the charge

for publishing the same was $50.00.

Signed C.P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th day of July 1929.

C. D. Breeze

Notary in and for Clark County Nevada.

My Commission expires May 26th, 1931.

(Seal)