Ordinance No. 2,

An ordinance Fixing a license to be paid to the City of Las Vegas for the Privilege of owning
and operating, bowling alleys, Billiards and Pool Tables.

" The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain".,

Sect:-l. That each and every bowling alley owned or operated in said City of Las Vegas shall
first pay or cause to be paid to the said City a license fee of five dollars per quarter year fo
so doing.

Sec. 2,	 Each and every pool table and billiard table owned, operated for pay or profit in

such City, shall pay a license fee of two dollars and fifty cents per quarter year for so doing .

Any person , firm, or corporation who shall own or operate in the said City of Las v
Vegas, any such bowling alley or billiard or pool table without first paying such license fee
above provided for, shall be fined in any sum less than one hundred dollars and the Judge of the
Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas shall have jurisdiction of all cases brought to enforce
this ordinance. The necessity appearing and it being duly moved and seconded and voted unanimously
by all members present this ordinance was introduced and passed as an emergency ordinance.

The foregoing was read in full to the Board, After due consideration it was on
motion of Commissioner Stewart, seconded by Commissioner Coughlin and duly carried, ordered
that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read, and the Clerk instructed to have the same
published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows, Von Tobel Mayor protem, aye,
Coughlin, aye;, Stewart;, ye, McGovern, aye;.	Signed,  Ed Von Tobel, Mayor pro tem.

: Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

An Ordinance providing for the licensing of Saloons, Barrooms and places where intoxicat-
ing Liquors are Sold.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain

Each and every saloon, barroom or place here malt, spirituous, vinous or intoxicating
liquors are sold or dispensed in quantities less than five gallons shall before engaging in such
business pay to the City treasurer of Las Vegas, a license of thirty dollars for each and very period
of three months or portion thereof which such business is conducted. Such license shall be
due and payable and paid on the first days of January, April, July, and October, each year
for the period of three months or quarter year immediately following and such license shall
expire on the last days of March, June, September, and December, respectively, immediately
following its date of issuance, No. license shall be issued for a less period of time than the
quarter wherein such license is paid. And any person who shall engage in any such business or
who shall sell or give away any such malt, spirituous, vinous or intoxicating liquors without
first having procured the issuance to him, her or them the license above mentioned, shall be
fined in any sum not less than three hundred dollars as the judge of the Municipal Court of the

City of Las Vegas may adjudge and be imprisoned in the City Jail of said City untill such fine

Ordinance No. 3,

Affidavite of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill , being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of he united
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
and that the ordinance No. 2, of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached is a true and
correct copy, was published in said paper for one issue on the following , dates, to-wit:- 
July 15th, 1911.	Chas C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this , 18th, day of July A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.