and in all cases where an under-estimate has been made by the party applying, the party maxing
such under-estimate, or the company he represented, shall be required to pay for a license for the
next period for which licenses may be issued, double the sum otherwise required.

Section 6. Every person who, at a fixed place of business in the City of Las Vegas, sells any

goods, wares or merchandise, drugs or medicines, jewelry, or wares, or previous metals, whether on
commission  or otherwise, must obtain from the City Clerk, for each branch of his business, a license
and must pay quarterly therefore an amount of money to be determined by the class in which such
person is placed by the City Clerk; such business to be classified and regulated by the amount of
the average monthly sales made at the rates following:

(A)	Where the average monthly sales are under the sum of Five hundred dollars, the sum of
Three dollars per quarter.

(B)	Where the average monthly sales are Five hundred dollars and over, but are under One
 Thousand Dollars, the sum of Five dollars per quarter.

	(C) Where the average monthly sales are one Thousand dollars and over, but are under Fifteen

Hundred dollars, the sum of seven and one -half dollars per quarter.

(D)	Where the average monthly sales are Fifteen Hundred dollars and over, but are under Two
Thousand dollars, the sum ofTen dollars per quarter.



(E)	Where the average monthly sales are Two Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Three
Thousand dollars, the sum of Twelve and one-half Dollars per quarter.

(F)	Where the average monthly sales are Three Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Five

Thousand dollars, the sum of Fifteen dollars per quarter.



(G)	Where the average monthly sales are Five Thousand dollars and	over,	but	are	under	Ten

Thousand dollars, the sum of Seventeen and one-half dollars per quarter.

(H)	Where the average monthly sales are Ten Thousand Dollars and	over,	but	are	under

Twenty Thousand dollars, the sum of Twenty Dollars per quarter.

(I)	Where the average monthly sales are Twenty Thousand Dollars and over, but are under
Fifty Thousand Dollars, the sum of Twenty two and one half Dollars per quarter.

(J)	Where the average monthly sales are Fifty Thousand dollars or over, the sum of Twenty-
five dollars per quarter.



Section 7. The rates of license tax for the businesses, trades, occupations and employments
hereinafter named are hereby fixed in and for the City of Las Vegas, and the same shall be paid by
any person engaged in or carrying on the same in said City, as follows:

(1)	For each hotel,	$5.00 per quarter.

(2)	For each restaurant	2.50	"	"

(3)	For each rooming house capable of entertaining for or

more	quests	2.50	"  "

(4)	For	each	steam or power laundry	5.00	

(5)	For each livery stable (horse or auto or both)	5.00		"

(6)	For	each	insurance agent or real	estate	dealer,	or both,	5.00	"	"

(7)	For	each	newspaper and job printing	establishment	5.00	"	"

(8)	For	each	shooting gallery	5.00		"

	(9) For each banker or broker		7.50	"	"

(10) For	each	manufacturer of soda water	5.00		"

(11) For	each	patent medicine agency	25.00		

(12) For	each	dray and express business	5.00		

	(13)	For each	funeral and undertaxing establishment	7.50	"	

	(14)	For	each	theatre or moving picture show	7.50		

(15) For	each	trade or merchandise paying slot machine	15.00	"	"

(16) For	each	skating rink	10.00	

	 (17) For each pawn shop	50.00

(18)	For	each	employment or intelligence office	25.00	

	(19)	For	each	billiard or pool table	2.50		

(20)	For	each	bowling alley	5.00	"	

	(21)	For	each	telephone or electric light business	or both,	7.50		

	(22) For each street carnival		25.00 per day

(23) For each astrologer, palmist, seer, phrenologist, fortune teller,	

clairvoyant, or spiritualist who demands or receives a fee for

his or her services.	100.00 per day 

(24) For	each	merry go round or	 carousel	5.00	per	week

(25) For	each	traveling	optometrist	100.00	per	day

(24) For	each	traveling	show	5.00	per	day

(27) For	each	circus 	25.00	per day

(28) For the business of dealing in second-hand goods, wares or

merchandise of any kind, character or description, where, as a part of any
such transaction, a contract or agreement is made, or an undertaking,

verbal, written or otherwise, had with the vendor, to re-sell to him the
same goods, wares, or merchandise, or to sell other goods, wares or merchandise