Section LXII. RIGHT OF WAY IN TURNING CORNERS TO RIGHT:

Every person riding, driving, propelling, or in charge of any vehicle turning to the
right from one street into another, shall have the right of way over vehicle traveling in
the direction in which such vehicle is turning; and every person riding, driving, propelling,
or in charge of any vehicle traveling in the direction in which such vehicle is turning
shall allow such right of way to such vehicle so turning.

Section LXIII. TURNING CORNERS TO LEFT:

Every person riding, driving, propelling or in charge of any vehicle in or upon any
street shall, in turning to the left into another street, pass to the right of and beyond
the center of the street intersection before turning,

Section LXIV. RIGHT OF WAY IN TURNING CORNERS TO LEFT:

Every person riding, driving, propelling or in charge of any vehicle intending to turn
to the left from one street into another, shall allow the right of way to vehicles traveling
in the direction in which such vehicle is to turn, unless said vehicle has commenced to make
the turn, and in that event, the said vehicle making the turn to the left shall have the
right of way over the vehicle approaching from the right.

Section LXV. RIGHT OF WAY AT CORNERS:

- -

	The operators of vehicles approaching any intersection of the streets within the City

of Las Vegas shall yield the right of way to vehicles approaching such intersection from the
right of such first named vehicles, but in the event either vehicle has entered the intersection,
 said vehicle shall have he right of way, provided that when there is a traffic
officer at the intersection, he shall have full power to regulate traffic; for the purpose
of this ordinance curb lines shall mark the boundary of street intersections in the absence
of other markers authorized in this Ordinance.

Section LXVI. CHANGING FROM SIDE TO SIDE OF STREET:

No person driving, riding, propelling or in charge of any vehicle proceeding correctly
along the right side of any street shall crossover to the left side in the center or middle
of a block, but shall, except when and where U turns are prohibited in subdivision 4 of
Section XIV, proceed to the nearest street intersection and make a complete turn, keeping
at all times to the right side of the street in the channel of traffic; provided, however,
that under the meaning and intent of this section an alley shall not be construed to be a
street.

Section LXVII. BACKING OF VEHICLES:

It shall be unlawful for any person to ride, drive or propel, or cause to be ridden,
driven or propelled in, upon, or along any street any vehicle in the backward direction,
if by so doing the free and uninterrupted passage of another vehicle or of any street car is
impeded, and in no event shall a person drive a vehicle backward across a street intersection.

Section LXVIII. WARNING ON BACKING:

Before backing, ample warning shall be given by blowing the horn of said vehicle, and
while backing unceasing vigilance shall be exercised so as not to injure of damage those
behind, and in all events the approaching cars shall have the right of way.

Section LXIX. FOLLOWING OTHER VEHICLES AND SLOWLY MOVING VEHICLES:

It shall be unlawful for any person riding, driving, or propelling, or causing, or
permitting to be ridden, driven or propelled, any vehicle to travel so closely in the wake
of any other vehicle in such manner as to be dangerous, or to travel so closely in the wake
of any such vehicle as not to give the preceding vehicle ample room in which to stop or turn
out in case the next preceding vehicle comes to a sudden stop.

Section LXX. VEHICLES NOT TO TRAVEL SIDE BY SIDE:

No person shall drive or permit to be driven or ridden any vehicle by the side of another
 vehicle in any street of this city longer than is necessary to pass such other vehicle,
and in no event shall one vehicle pass another at a street intersection.

Section LXXI. PASSING PRECEDING VEHICLES:

No person riding, driving, propelling or in charge of any vehicle shall pass any 
preceding vehicle while the driver of such preceding vehicle is himself engaged in the act of
passing another vehicle, and in passing any vehicle shall pass to the left thereof and not
pull over to the right until entirely clear of the vehicle passed.

Section LXXII. THROWING TACKS, ETC., LIABLE TO INJURE TIRES:

It shall be unlawful for any person to throw, deposit, or place in or upon any public
street any nails, tacks, crockery, scrap iron, tin, wire, bottles, glass, thorns, thorny
clippings, or thorny branches of trees or bushes, or any other articles or thing likely to
puncture the tire of any vehicle.

Section LXXIII. DRIVING ON NEW PAVEMENTS PROHIBITED:

No person shall ride or d rive any horse or vehicle over or across any pavement newly
laid or repaired across or around which there has been placed a barrier, or at or near which
there is a person or a sign warning persons against riding or driving over such pavement, or
a sign stating that the highway is closed. The provisions of this section shall not apply
to the employees actually engaged in the paving or repair of such pavement.

Section LXXIV. CROSSING FIRE HOSE.

No street car or vehicle shall be driven over unprotected hose of the Fire Department
when laid down on any street, private driveway or street car track, to be used at any fire
or alarm of fire, without the consent of the Fire Chief or the Assistant in command.