    the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as described and referred to in Section 1 of this Ordinance.

  Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this section shall he deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall he punished by a fine of not less than Ten
Dollars nor more than One Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not
less than Five Days nor more than Fifty Days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 7. It shall be unlawful for any person to ride or drive, or cause to be ridden or driven,
any horse, or other animal; or to ride or drive, or cause to be ridden or driven or propelled, any
vehicle at a rate of speed greater than twenty-five miles per hour in, upon or along any of the public
  streets, alleys, lanes, avenues, boulevards strips, paths or squares in the residence district of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as described and referred to in Section 1 of this Ordinance.

Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this section shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Ten
Dollars nor more than One Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not less
than Five days nor more than Fifty Days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 8. It shall be unlawful for any person, while in an intoxicated condition, to ride or drive any
animal, to drive any vehicle, in any street, alley, lane, avenue, boulevard, highway, strip, path or
square, now in use or laid out to be used by vehicles within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Every person violating any of the provisions of this section shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Twenty-five Dollars nor more
than Two Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not less than Ten Days
nor more than One Hundred Days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 9. It shall be unlawful for any person under the age of fourteen years to drive any motor
  vehicle in, upon or along any public street within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
Section 10. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to cause or permit any motor

vehicle to be driven in, upon or along any public street within the limits of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, by any person under the age of fourteen years.

Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this section shall be deemed

guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than

Twenty Dollars nor more than One Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not less than
Ten Days nor more than Fifty Days or by both such fine and imprisonment.

 

Section 11. It shall be unlawful to use or operate any motor vehicle or the motor thereof with

devices known as the "muffler cutouts" in, upon or along any of the public streets of that portion

of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, known as the business District of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
as described and referred to in Section 1 of this Ordinance.

Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this section shall be deemed

guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than

Five Dollars nor more than Fifty Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not less then Two days	

nor more than Twenty-five Days or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 12. It shall be unlawful to use or operate any motor vehicle, or vehicle or motor thereof
unless such motor vehicle or motor thereof is equipped with devices in good working order which shall
at all times be in constant operation to prevent accidents and excessive noise.

Section 13. The driver of every vehicle shall drive such vehicle in a careful manner and with due
regard for the safety and convenience of pedestrians and all vehicles upon the streets upon which the
vehicle is driven.

Section 14. The driver of any vehicle, upon meeting any other vehicle, at any place upon any street,

shall turn to the right, and on all occasions shall travel on the right hand side of such street and
as near to the right hand curb as possible.

Section 15. The driver of any vehicle shall, in overtaking and passing any other vehicle in or upon

any street, give an alarm with a bell, gong, horn or other signal device, and pass to the left of such

vehicle and 	shall not pull over to the right until so far ahead as not to interfere with the progress

of the vehicle passed.