moneys by grantees, or their assigns, as an estoppel against said City of Las Vegas in any respect	

whatsoever. Nor shall this Franchise be construed as a grant of any right or privilege adverse to the rights	

of any abutting owner of owners of property along any of the streets, alleys or public grounds where

said pipes, mains, appliances or appurtenances may be placed or maintained by said grantees, or their

assigns, nor to establish any rights in the grantees, or their assigns, contrary to or inconsistent	

with the right of the original dedicators of said streets, alleys, or public grounds, or their assigns.

Section 6. That in case the said grantees, or their assigns, discontinue, refuse or neglect to
manufacture and supply gas to the said City or its inhabitants, insofar as permitted by said Public
Service Commission to do so, at any time for and during the term of six months at any one time after
the period hereinafter prescribed for the completion of the gas plant and the commencement of furnishing
of gas to the inhabitants of said City, then this ordinance and franchise shall be null and void,
and the City Commissioners may order the removal of the mains, pipes, appliances and appurtenances,
so installed, laid down or placed by said grantees, or their assigns in, through, over, across, 
under or along the public streets, alleys or public grounds of said City of Las Vegas, and may declare
the same a public nuisance, provided, however, that before this ordinance and franchise shall become
null and void, or any action taken as in this paragraph provided, the Board of Commissioners
shall first give to said grantees, or their assigns, thirty days notice in writing to comply with
the provisions of this paragraph.

 

Section 7. Within six months after the passage of this Ordinance the said grantees, or their assigns,

shall file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a plat of the mains proposed to
be laid, showing proposed location and position thereof.

Section 8. The work of installing and laying down of said mains and pipes shall be commenced
  within six months after the passage of this ordinance, and said work shall be completed and the 

gas plant be inoperation and furnishing gas to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas within 

 one year after the passage of this Ordinance. 



Section 9. The privileges hereby granted to grantees shall insure to the benefit of said 

grantees, and their assigns, for the period of fifty years from and after the passage of this
Ordinance; provided, said grantees shall not be entitled to assign this franchise or any rights
hereunder without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said City first had and

obtained in writing, except that permission is hereby given to said grantees to assign this Franchise 

to Las Vegas Gas Company, a corporation to be organized by said grantees; and in the event of such 

  assignment the provision hereinbefore made against assignment without written consent shall thereafter

	

apply to said corporation, and to its successors and assigns. 

Section 10. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
   publication and acceptance, and the grantees herein shall pay the expenses of publishing the same.

This Ordinance shall bo published for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper

published in the City of Las vegas.  Acceptance hereof by said grantees shall be filed in writing 



with the City Clerk of said City within thirty days from the date of passage of this Ordinance.



Passed and adopted as an emergency Ordinance upon the consent of the whole Board of Commissioners 



first had and obtained, on this 5th day of August, 1926, the vote on said Ordinance being 

as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none. 

Approved, August 5, 1926 	





ATTEST:

Florence S. Doherty

City Clerk.	(SEAL)