ORDINANCE NUMBER 139



	An Ordinance Vacating a Portion of Lewis Street in Wardie Addition to the City of

 Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada for high school purposes.

THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That in order to promote the public welfare of the said City of Las
Vegas, it is hereby ordained and directed that the following portion of Lewis Street in
Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada in said City of Las Vegas
to-wit: That portion of said Lewis Street lying between the North property line
of Block number nine (9) and the South property line in Block number eight (8) in said
Wardie Addition, for the entire width of said two blocks, be and the same is hereby vacated
 for the use of Clark County Educational District No. 2 in the County of Clark
State of Nevada the owner, and occupant of said two blocks abutting upon said portion

of said Lewis Street for high school purposes. Provided however that said portion of said Lewis Street, 

shall be closed and kept closed after the passage of this Ordinance solely by and at the	expense of the	 said Clark

 County Educational District No. 2.

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect, and be in force from, and after its

passage, and publication for one week (three Issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 19th day of June 1929, and read for a second time and passed at a recessed

regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 5th day of July 1929,

upon the following vote: Commissioners German, Smith, Thomas, and Hansell, and his

Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

Approved this 5th day of July 1929

J. F Hesse.

Mayor.

Attest
Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) ss

County of Clark)

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher
 of the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed, and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance Number 139 of the City of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper
 for a period of three issues from July 9 1929 to July 13 1929 inclusive, being
the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 9. 11 and 13 1929
That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named, That the charge for publishing the same was $18.40.

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th day of July 1929.

My Commission expires May 26th, 1931.	C. D. Breeze

(Seal) 	Notary Public in and for the County

ORDINANCE NO. 140.	of Clark Nev.

	An Ordinance creating the office of Deputy City Attorney, prescribing the Powers,

 and Duties of such officer, defining his qualifications, and providing compensation
for such office.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows;

Section 1. The office of Deputy City Attorney is hereby created. The Board of
Commissioners of the said City may appoint a Deputy City Attorney when in their judgment
 such appointment may be necessary, and such officer shall hold office during the 
pleasure of said Board. No person shall be appointed such office unless he be at the
time qualified to practice law in the State of Nevada.

Section 2. Such Deputy City Attorney shall have power to transact all official
business appertaining to the office of City Attorney, subject to the direction and control
 of the City Attorney.

Section 3. Before entering on the duties of his office such Deputy City Attorney
shall take, and subscribe to the official oath provided by the constitution of the State
and shall give bond in such sum as shall be fixed by the Board, payable to the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, conditioned for the faithful discharge of the duties of
such office, which bond shall be signed by the principal and by two or more good, and
sufficient sureties or by a surety company qualified to do business in the State of Nevada
for the then current year, such bond to be approved by the Board.

Section 4. The compensation, if any, of such Deputy City Attorney shall be
fixed and determined by Resolution of such Board, and such compensation may be changed
from time to time in the same manner.

Section 5. This ordinance shall take effect, and be inforce from, and after its

passage, and publication for a period of one week (3 issues) in the Las Vegas Age,

a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed, by the Board of Commissioners as an emergency Ordinance, after

the 	adoption of a Resolution by said Board showing that a necessity existed for the

immediate adoption thereof, upon the following vote: Commissioners Smith, Thomas, Hansell,
and German, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None. Read for a first
and second time this 5th day of July 1929.

Approved this 5th day of July 1929.

J. F. Hesse,

Attest: Viola Burns City Clerk.	Mayor.