distributions of intoxicating liquors and regulating places where such liquors are sold or otherwise
distributed, providing for permits and licenses, and repealing Ordinance No. 3, and all ordinances
or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith be, said the same is hereby amended to read as
follows: "No permits for retail liquor license in access of fourteen shall at any time be granted
by the Board of City Commissioners and the whole number of retail liquor licenses issued under this
ordinance and in force at anyone time shall not exceed fourteen; and should the whole number of
permits for retail liquor license granted under this ordinance at any time after the date of the
adoption hereof exceed five, then thereafter no other or additional permits for retail liquor license
shall be granted or such license issued, except as hereinafter provided, until the whole number of
retail liquor licenses in force in said City has been reduced to five, and whenever the number of
such retail liquor licenses has been reduced to five no permits for retail liquor license in excess of
five shall ever thereafter be granted and thereupon and thereafter the whole number of liquor license
issued and in force at any one time in said City shall not exceed five, provided that the Board
of City Commissioners may in their discretion grant permits for retail liquor license by way of
renewal or assignment, or to the bona fide owners of the premises whereon a retail liquor business
is being conducted at the time of the application for a permit and for which a permit for retail
liquor license has been heretofore granted."

Section 2. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at at regular meeting
of the City Commissioners held on the 3rd day of March, 1915, and read for the second time and
passed at its regular meeting on the 7th day of April, 1915, by the following vote, to-wit: —
Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtis, No, Sullivan, aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

Approved this 7th day of April A.D. 1915.	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of the

Las Vegas age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in

the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas,



No. 60 was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on April 17, 1915
inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates to-wit:- April 17th, 1915.

That said newspaper was regularly published and issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named.	Signed. Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of May, 1915.

(SEAL)	Henry M. Lillis, Notary Public.