system, provided it notify the said persons to whom this franchise is granted, or their assigns
of its intention so to do at least one year before the expiration of said period or period of

years in order to establish the value of said gas works and system the persons to whom this

franchise is granted, or their assigns, and the said City of Las Vegas shall appoint one person
and the two appointees shall choose a third, and the three persons thus chosen, who shall be
practical gas men, shall constitute a board to determine the value of said works and system.

The said Board in fixing the value of said works and system shall take into consideration

the cost of the erection and installation of said system and works, the cost of erection or

installation of a new system and works of like character, the earning capacity of said works and

system, and all other facts and considerations legitimately connected with the said works and
system. And for that purposes it shall have access to the books of the persons to whom this
franchise is granted, of their assigns, to ascertain the fact above mentioned. The City shall
within sixty days after the said Board has rendered its decision, pay the amount awarded, in cash
and upon such payment, said Consolidated Power & Telephone Company, its successors or assigns
shall transfer to said City of Las Vegas all their sale, rights and privileges and property
included in said appraisement.

Section 13. The privileges hereby granted to Consolidated Power and Telephone Company,

shall insure to the benefit of said Consolidated Power & Telephone Company, its successors or

for the period of fifty years from and after the passage of this ordinance. Section
14. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and publication
and acceptance, and the grantee herein shall pay the expenses of publishing the same. Acceptance

hereof by said Company shall be filed in writing with the City Clerk within thirty days from
the date of passage of this ordinance.

Passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance upon the consent of the entire Board of 
Commissioners first had and obtained, the vote on ordinance being as follows: Ayes, Commissioners
McGovern, Von Tobel, Stewart, Coughlin, and Mayor Buol. Passed December 9th, 1911.

Approved

Attested: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.	Peter Buol. Mayor.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas, C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and that the ordinance No. 22, of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached
is true copy was published in said paper one issue on the following dates to-wit: January 6th
1912.	Chas C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22nd, day of January A.D. 1912.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.



	Ordinance No. 23.

An ordinance providing for the keeping of Certain Moneys in a fund to be known as
"Street Fund".

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las vegas do ordain as Follows:

Section 1. The money derived from the appointment of the Las Vegas Road District Funds



deposited as provided for in section 32, of the charter of the City of Las Vegas shall be deposited in the

City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas to be there credited to what shall be known as the

"Street Fund", and such moneys and all other moneys in said special fund shall be expended