ORDINANCE NO. 112

An Ordinance to license traveling shows, circuses, hippodromes, menageries and 
carnivals in the City of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance No. 105 of the City of Las Vegas,
and all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Sec. 1. any proprietor, lessee or manager of any traveling show, circus, hippodrome,
menagerie, menagerie, or carnival intending to exhibit any performance or exhibition in the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall pay to the City Clerk of said City the sum of Fifty Dollars
as a license fee for the privilege of showing and exhibiting such traveling show, circus,
hippodrome, menagerie or carnival for each day; and upon the payment therefor said City Clerk
shall issue license for the day of number of days so paid for, Provided, however, that when
fifty (50) per cent, or more, of the net proceeds from such performance or exhibition is
given in aid of any local educational or charitable purpose or to the local volunteer fire
department, no license shall be required.

Sec. 2. Any person, firm or corporation who shall hold or exhibit any traveling show,
circus, hippodrome, menagerie, or carnival in the City of Las Vegas, without first having
paid the license fee mentioned and provided for in Section 1 hereof, shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor and be subject to a fine of not more than three hundred dollars and not less than
one hundred dollars, or be imprisoned in the City Jail of said City until such fine is paid
at the rate of not exceeding one day for each two dollars of such fine, in case such fine
is not paid, or be imprisoned in the City Jail not exceeding One Hundred and Fifty Days, or by both
such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 3. Ordinance No. 105 of the City of Las Vegas, and all Ordinances and parts of
Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Sec. 4. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption and
publication for one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 3rd day of Sept. 1925, upon the following vote: Commissioners

Mundy, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

First Publication Aug. 6, 1925.	APPROVED THIS 6th DAY OF

Second Publication Sept. 3, 1925.	SEPT. 1925.

	J. F. Hesse	

Attest:	Florence S. Doherty	Mayor.

City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

MAY CORKHILL, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That she is a citizen
of the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that she is the Publisher of
the Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and 
published at Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and
published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 112 of which
the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one consecutive
 issue, on the following dates, to-wit: Sept. 4, 1925.

May Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 5th day of September, A.D 1925.

Florence S. Doherty, County Clerk and
Ex-officio Clerk of the Tenth Judicial
District Court of the State of Nevada in
and for Clark County.

(SEAL)