Affidavit of Publication.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is a citizen of the United States
      over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review a weekly newspaper
of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that the 0rdinance
 No. 63 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached is a true and correct copy was
published in said paper one issue, on the following dates, to-wit: March 11, 1916.

________________C. C. Corkhill_______________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 25th day of April, A. D. 1916

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon.

City Clerk in and for Clark County, Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO. 64.

  An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, providing for the
improvement of Main Street by constructing cement concrete sidewalk on the east side of said street,
and providing for payment therefor by special assessment.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It is hereby ordered that a cement, concrete sidewalk shall be constructed along the east
side of Main Street, in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, commencing at the intersection of Main Street with Garces Street and running thence
northerly along the east side of Main Street to its intersection with Stewart Street, excepting all of
the lots, pieces or parcels of land, contained in Blocks numbered Two (2), Three (3) and Eight (8);

Lots (14) Fourteen, Fifteen (15) and Sixteen (16) in Block No. Four (4); Lots One (1), Two (2), Three

(3), Four (4) and the north eighteen (18) feet of Lot Five (5), in Block No. Five, (5), and Lots Thirteen
(13), Fourteen (14) and Fifteen (15), in Block No. Six (6). Said sidewalk shall be constructed
in accordance with the provisions of Ordinance No. Forty-seven (47) of the City of Las Vegas, an 
ordinance entitled ''An Ordinance establishing official grades of lots, streets, alleys, avenues, public
places, sewers and other grades in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and of the City of Las Vegas, and 
regulating the construction of sidewalks therein and other matters relating thereto," and in accordance with
the petition, plat and estimate of the cost of said work on file in the office of the City Clerk.

Section 2. Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of the ground fronting on the
east side of said Main Street and abutting on said improvement, and the cost thereof shall be collected
by special assessment and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots and premises abutting upon such 
improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage.

The cost and expense of said improvement shall include the cost of surveys, plans, assessment, cost
of construction and all fees and compensation properly chargeable in the work of making such special
assessment. In case the amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premises shall exceed twenty
(20) per cent of the value of such lot or premises, as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment
roll for state and county taxation, said cost exceeding said twenty (20) per cent shall be paid from
the general fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,

Section 3. The assessment district for said improvement shall include the lots and premises within the
following boundaries, to-wit:



Commencing at the intersection of Main Street with Garces Street and running thence northerly
along the east side of Main Street to its intersection with Stewart Street; thence easterly along
Stewart Street to its intersection with the alley in Block One (1); thence southerly along said alley
through Blocks One (l), Two (2), Three (3), Four (4), Five (5), Six (6), Seven (7) and Eight (8) to
its intersection with Garces Street; thence westerly along Garces Street to the place of beginning,
excepting from said district all of the lots, pieces or parcels of land contained in Blocks Nos. Two
(2), Three (3), and Eight (8); Lots Fourteen (14), Fifteen (15) and Sixteen (16), in Block No. Four

(4); Lots One (l), Two (2), Three (3), Four (4), and the north eighteen (18) feet of Lot Five (5)
in Block No. Five (5) and Lots Thirteen (13), Fourteen (14) said Fifteen (15) in Block No. Six (6).

Section No. 4. The said work shall be done under contract to be let by this board to the lowest