provided in the Charter and shall thereupon deliver said roll, as confirmed by the Board
of City Commissioners with his certificate of such confirmation and of the date thereof,
 to the County Assessor, acting ex-officio assessor,— and the said County Assessor,
 acting ex-officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record
 the said assessment roll as in the Charter provided, and append thereto his
certificate of the date of such recording. Whereupon from said date all persons shall
deemed to have notice of the contents of the same and when said roll is so indorsed and
recorded, it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts, and tribunals of the regularity
 of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the, and of the validity
 of said assessments and assessment roll, by the Board of City Commissioners;
after the said special assessment roll has been confirmed and recorded, the several
amounts levied thereon, shall be due, and payable and shall constitute and be a lien
upon the respective lots, and parcels of land and improvements assessed, and shall be
charged against the persons and properties until paid.

Section 4. That as soon as the said special assessment roll, as provided for
in Section 3 of this ordinance, shall have been confirmed and recorded, the several
amounts contained therein and levied on and against the properties therein, shall be
due, and payable at once, and shall be paid to the County Treasurer, and Ex-officio
Tax Receiver of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and be by that officer paid
into and credited to the Special Fund to be known as and called "Las Vegas Special 1929
Street Lighting Improvement Fund," and all costs and expenses incurred in making said
improvements, as in this ordinance contained, shall be charged to and paid out of said
fund. Provided, however, that in the event it becomes necessary to draw on the General
 Fund of the City fo Las Vegas to defray any of the coasts and expenses of taking
any of said improvements, except as otherwise provided for by a Charter of the City
of the City of Las Vegas, that the said General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer
of funds from the said "Las Vegas Special 1929 Street Lighting Improvement Fund" as soon
as the condition of the same will permit. And provided further, that where there shall
be lands belonging to the City, or public grounds not taxable, abutting on such improvements,
 or such improvements shall be made upon interior squares or spaces, formed by
intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys, such part of the expenses of
such improvements as, in the opinion of the Board or Assessor making such special 
assessment, would be justly proportionable to such public ground, and City property, and to
interior squares or spaces formed by the intersection of streets where the abutting
property is taxable, shall be paid from the General Fund, or be stood and borne by the
City of Las Vegas, and the balance of such expenses shall be assesses upon taxable
lots included in such special assessment in proportion to the estimated benefits 
resulting thereto from the improvement.

Section 5. This Ordinance shall be in effect from, and after its passage, and
adoption and publication for a period of one weeks (six issues) in the Las Vegas 
Review, a newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 6. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 142
published in six successive issues of the Las Vegas Review, a daily newspaper published
 in the City of Las Vegas.

Passes, and Adopted this 9th day of July A. D. 1929, by the following vote;
Commissioners Smith, Thomas, German and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor J. F Hesse
voting Aye. Noes None.	

First reading June 6th, 1929.

Second, and final reading July 9th 1929.

Approved this 9th day of July 1929.

J. F Hesse.

	Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

 Viola Burns.

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

SEAL.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA)

	

County of Clark) ss .

A. E. Cahlan, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: That he is editor of the Las
Vegas Review, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance Number 142 was 
continuously published in said newspaper for a period of six days from July 12 to July 18
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 12,
15, 15, 16, 17, 18, That said newspaper was regularly Issued and circulated on each of
the dates above named.

Signed A. E. Cahlan.

Subscriber, and sworn to before me this 25th day of July 1929.

	C. D.  Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County

Nevada.

My commission expires May 26th, 1931.
(Seal)