Section 8. Any person, firm, association or corporation who or which shall violate
any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be guilty of a middemeanor and upon conviction
thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Three Hundred Dollars ($300)
or be imprisoned in the City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of not exceeding
one day for each two dollars of such fine in case such fine is not paid, or by imprisonment
in the said City Jail not exceeding one hundred fifty days, or by both such fine
and imprisonment. In addition thereto said City may, through its proper officers or 
employees summarily disconnect any connection which has been made in violation of the 
provisions of this ordinance with any sewer main or mains and maintain such disconnection
until the payments have been made as provided for here in and the provisions of this 
ordinance have been fully complies with.

Section 9. Al1 ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby
repealed, pro tanto.

Section 10. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and
adoption and publication for one week (six issues) in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper
printed and published in said City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 2nd day of December, 1932, by the following vote: 
Commissioners German, Thomas and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

First reading October 31, 1932. Second and final reading Dec. 2, 1932.

Approved this 2nd day of December, 1932.

E. W. Cragin,

Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss
County of Clark )

C. P. Squires, being duly sworn, disposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 196
of the City of Las Vegas was published in said newspaper for a period of One Week from
December 5, 1932 to Dec. 9, 1933 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates to-wit: December 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 1932.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the legal charge for publishing the same was $161.00

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd of January, 1933.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My commission Expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)