AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

R. J. Young, Jr., being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Chief Clerk of the Clark County Review, a weekly 

newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that the
City Ordinance No. 72 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper
Two (2) consecutive issues, on the following dates, to-wit:	June 29 and July 6. 

R. J. Young, Jr.,

SUBSCRIBED AND SWORN TO before me this 7th
day of October, A. D. 1918

Henry M. Lillis,

(SEAL)	Notary Public in and for

Clark County, Nevada

My commission expires March 9, 1918.

	ORDINANCE NO. 73

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas establishing regulation to prevent the introduction
and spread of Spanish Influenza or La Grippe into or within said City of Las Vegas, providing for the
wearing of antiseptic masks, and other matters properly relating thereto. The board of City 
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Whereas an epidemic of Spanish Influenza or La Grippe is spreading over said City of Las
Vegas, and an emergency exists for the establishment of regulations to prevent the introduction and spread
of such disease or diseases into or within said City of Las Vegas, and all the Commissioners of
said Board assenting thereto, it is hereby ordained as follows:

Section l. That on and after ten o'clock A.M. of November 4, 1918, all persons residing, being
or sojourning within the corporate limits of said City of Las Vegas, or who shall during the time
limited in this ordinance reside, be, or sojourn within the corporate limits of said City, shall at
all times and in all places, until the further or other order of this Board wear upon the face a
mask approved by the Board of Health of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, constructed as follows,
viz:	Such mask shall consist of four thicknesses of gauze material, five inches wide by eight inches

long in size, with an eight inch tape attached to each corner thereof, and shall be worn fitted firmly
to the face so that the nose and mouth are at all times fully cove red by said mask. Such masks may be
as provided by the American Red Cross, to be furnished the wearer at a small cost, or the masks may be
homemade from clean sterilized white gauzy material of the above dimensions. Such masks may also be
made of the above dimentions from White Lisle or silk hose.

Section 2. Each person wearing such mask shall sterilize the same at least once every four
hours by dipping the same in boiling water or by dipping the same in an antiseptic solution of Boric
Acid, made by dissolving one teaspoonful of Boric Acid in a pint of boiling water. Such masks may
also be sterilized by dipping the same in a diluted solution of alcohol at least once every four hours.

Section 3. Any person or persons violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than
five dollars nor more than one hundred dollars or by imprisonment in the city jail not more than sixty
days, or by both.

Section 4. It is the duty, strictly enjoined upon each and every member of the police force,
every special officer, and every peace officer within said City of Las Vegas to enforce or cause to be
enforced the provisions of this Ordinance.

Passed by the Board of Commissioners as an emergency Ordinance, this 4th day of November,
1918, upon the following vote: Commissioners W. H. Elwell, John F. Miller, C. P. Ball, J. M. Ullom,
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes None. Read for the first and second times this fourth day