child at and before the Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas at said time and place at which
he or she is notified, then and their to answer to any charge that may be pending or may be
Placed against said parent or child under the provisions of this ordinance. Section 5. That
every violation of this ordinance, or of any of the terms or provisions thereof, shall constitute
 a misdemeanor, and every person found guilty of any such violation thereof shall be punished
by a fine of not less than $2.00 nor more than $5.00 or by imprisonment in the City Jail of the
City of Las Vegas for a term not exceeding five days, or by both such fine and imprisonment; 
provided, however, that the Court or Judge before whom any person is found guilty of violating
any of the terms or provisions of this ordinance may, for the first time or offence, in lieu of
a fine or judgement of imprisonment, reprimand such person for his or her violation of this

ordinance, and admonish him or her against any further violation thereof. Section 6. All
ordinances and part of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are hereby recalled. Section
7. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately on and after its passage and
publication. First reading November 1st, 1911. Second reading December 6th, 1911.

The foregoing ordinance was then passed with the following vote to-wit:- Coughlin, aye, McGovern
aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye.

Attested. Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; that he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark
County Nevada, and that the ordinance No. 21. of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the 
attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue on the following dates
to-wit:- December 16th, 1911.	Chas. C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22nd, day of January A.D. 1912.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon,

City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 22.



An ordinance authorizing Consolidated Power & Telephone Company, a corporation, its

successors or assigns, to construct, operate and maintain gas works in the City of Las Vegas,
Clark Count, State of Nevada.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section l. That a franchise be and the same is hereby granted to Consolidated Power and 
Telephone Company, a corporation and to its successors or assigns to supply the said City of Las
Vegas and its Citizens and residents with gas for lighting and heating and for generation of power.

Section 2. That the said Consolidated Power & Telephone Company shall have the right to erect
on the lots of the Company at the corner of Main and Garces streets of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite
gas works for the manufacture of gas for lighting and heating and for generation of power, and