Sec. 4, The grade of the gutter at the curb line shall be eight inches below the top of the
curb, and thence slope toward the center of the street as illustrated in "Exhibit A".

Sec. 5, The grade of the crown of any street or alley shall be at the mean of the corresponding
surb heights.

Section 6. Artificial stone sidewalks built within the City of Las Vegas shall be built according
 to the following specifications, to-wit:- For convenience in description the City of Las Vegas
is divided into two sections:	1st. That portion included at all times in the fire limits of said

City shall be known as Division one. 2nd. All other portions of said City of Las Vegas shall be known
as the residence portion, or Division Two. All artificial stone sidewalks in Division one, or the
fire limits, shall be built the full width of the public side-walk in front of all buildings, but
where there is no building and the lot vacant, the width of the walk may be Ten (10) feet constructed 
from property line.

All artificial stone sidewalks in Division Two, or the residence portion of the City shall be
five (5) feet wide, three (3) feet from the property line, and seven (7) feet from the curb line. All
sidewalks which may hereinafter be constructed, reconstructed or laid down in any part of the City of
Las Vegas shall be constructed or reconstructed of cement to the official grade, with artificial
foundation of concrete of at least three and one-half inches in depth. The first or lower part of
cement shall be not less than three and one half inches thick, and up to within one-half inch of
grade after through tamping. It shall be formed of best quality of Portland cement and mixed with
clean gravel entirely free from dirt or clay, in the proportion of one barrel of cement to six
barrels of gravel. The cement and gravel shall be first throughly mixed dry and thereafter water
shall be added by sprinkling, the mixing to be continued until every particle of gravel is coated
with cement, and the mass to be just wet enough so that in ramming or tamping the water will not	

splash. By a barrel of cement is meant an unbroken original package or barrel of A 1 Portland
cement full standard weight, tensile strength and measure. The barrel for measuring the gravel
must be of the same size as cement barrel.	The top coat shall be one-half (1/2) inch thick.

The top coat shall be composed of two parts, by measure, of clean, sharp gravel sand, free from loam
and one part, by measure, of cement. The top shall be troweled smooth and even and blocked into
squares. Where the sidewalk is five (5) feet wide the squares shall be two (2) feet in size, and
there shall be a 6 inch border on each side of the walk. The top coat shall be put on while the
foundation is green so that the same will closely adhere thereto. All work done and material
furnished shall be done and furnished under the supervision and to the satisfaction of the Commissioner
 of streets and public property.



Section 7. Any person violating the provisions of this Ordinance, whether a contractor making
an# improvements refereed to herein, or the owner of premises for whom such improvement is	

being made, or both such contractor and such owner, shall be deeded guilty of a misdemeanor, and
upon conviction thereof, shall be fined a sum not less than $50.00 not more than $200.00, or be
imprisoned in the City Jail for not less than 25 days nor more than 100 days, or be punished by
both such fine and imprisonment, and every day during which any violation of this ordinance continues
shall be considered as constituting a new offence, and shall be punished as in this section provided.

Section 8. This ordinances shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published
in the City of Las Vegas. Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas this 3rd day
of October, 1913, upon second reading; upon the following vote: Commissioners Curtiss, Smith,

Griffith and his honor the Mayor, voting aye. Noes None. First reading September 3, 1913. Approved
this 3rd, day of October, 1913.		W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

(SEAL)	Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

By C.E. Pembroke, Deputy.	

