Is a vagrant and guilty of vagrancy, and shall upon conviction thereof be punished accordingly.
Section 2. Section 2 of the above-entitled Ordinance is hereby amended so as to read as follows:
Section 2. Each and every person convicted under the provisions of this ordinance shall be punished
by imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than three months, or by a fine of not more than three
hundred dollars, or both.

Section 3. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 4. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force after its passage and publication for
one week in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper, published at Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at an adjourned regular
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 11th day of March, 1918, and read for the second
time and passed at its meeting on the 3rd day of April, 1918, by the following vote, to-wit:
Commissioners John F. Miller, J. M. Ullom, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes. None.

Approved: this 3rd day of April, 1918.

W. E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Attest:

Harley A. Harmon,

City Clerk.

(seal)	AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

R. J. Young Jr. being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Chief Clerk of the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper for general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
and that the Ordinance No. 70 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said
paper one (l) consecutive issues, on the following dates, to-wit: April 6, 1918.

R. J. Young Jr.

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 8th day of April, A. D. 1918.

Harley A. Harmon

County Clerk in and for Clark County, Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO. 71

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, amending Section 4 of Ordinance No 22 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance Authorizing Consolidated Power & Telephone Company, a corporation, its
successors or assigns, to construct, operate and maintain gas work in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, State of Nevada."

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS;

Section 1. That Section 4 of the above-entitled Ordinance be and the same is hereby amended so
that the same shall read as follows:

Section 4. The Municipal authorities shall have the power to regulate and change rates from time
to time as may seem just and proper, the same not to exceed the maximum rate of Three Dollars for
each one thousand cubic feet of gas, and a minimum rate of One Dollar per each calendar month; provided,
however, that no rate shall be changed during a period of less then thirty days after being fixed
(except as hereinafter provided for) and that notice of intention to change rates shall be given to
the local agent of the Consolidated Power & Telephone Company, or its successors or assigns, at least
fifteen days prior to the date set for the consideration of such changes, at which time the said Consolidated
 Power & Telephone Company, or its successors or assigns, may appear and have a hearing. The
grantee herein, or its successors or assigns, may apply at any time upon thirty days previous notice
to the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, for a change in rates, and said Board may upon such
hearing change the rates.

The municipal authorities shall further have the power to make all necessary rules and regulations
for the laying and maintaining of all gas pipes, or apparatuses, and to require that proper and 
efficient service is given to all consumers from whom gas charges are collected.