	ORDINANCE NO. 87

An Ordinance to amend Sec. l of Ordinance No. 83 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An
Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 36 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance providing for
the Issuance of plumbing and sewer connection permits, for the inspection of plumbing and sewer
connections and for the regulation and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas'
by adding thereto a new section to be known as Section 1-a, and by amending section eight and 
subdivision eighth of Section eleven thereof."

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DO ORDAIN, AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section 1 of said Ordinance No. 83 is hereby amended so that the same shall
read as follows:

"Section 1. A new section is hereby added to said ordinance No. 36, to be known as Section
1-a, as follows:

Sec. 1-a. No person or person, firm or corporation, agent or otherwise, who has not an
established place of business within the City of Las Vegas and who has not paid the annual city
license, shall be eligible to do any plumbing whatsoever within the city limits of the said city
of Las Vegas.

Such license shall be as follows: 1. For every plumbing business where the same is carried
on at a fixed place of business in said City of Las Vegas, in carrying on such business, per annum
$25.00.	2. For every kind of plumbing business other than that described in subdivision 1 of this

section, per annum, $50.00

Such license shall be issued by the City Clerk upon application being made thereof, and
shall be payable in advance.

Provided, that the provisions of this Section shall not apply to the lessee or owner of
any premises where such owner or lessee shall personally perform the plumbing work upon the premises
owned or leased by him, as the case may be.

Section 2. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 3. This ordinance shall take effect from and after its passage and publication
for a period of one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Passed on second reading Feb. 1, 1922, upon the following vote Commissioners Hodgens, 
Anderson, Martin and His Honor the Mayor pro tem, Frank Brickie, aye. Noes. none.

First reading January 4th, 1922.

Approved

Frank Brickie,

Mayor pro tem

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk.

STATE OF NEVADA,)



) SS

COUNTY OF CLARK, )

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 87 of the City of Las Vegas;
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week inclusive, being the issues
of said newspaper for the following dates to-wit: February 4, 1922. That said newspaper was regularly
issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the charge for publishing the
same was $16.50.

Signed Chas. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day of April, 1922.

Henry M. Lillis, Notary Public, in and for Clark County,

Nevada.

Seal.

Filed april 20. 1922. Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk