AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) SS
County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of Las
Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 156 of the City
of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of One Week from Mar.
18, 1930 to Mar. 22, 1930, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: Mar. 18, 20, 22, 1930

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the charge for publishing the same was $68.80

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th day of March, 1930.

____C . D. Breeze

My Commission expires May 26, 1931/	Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada.

	ORDINANCE NO. 156.

	An Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical installation, fixture and

collection work and providing of the examination of persons engaged in the same, and creating
  an examination board, and providing a penalty for a violation thereof.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. On and after thirty days from the passage of this Ordinance, it shall be
unlawful for any electrical contractor to do, or attempt to do, or cause to be done, except
as hereinafter provided, any electrical installation, fixture or connection work, whether
original work or Alteration, within any building in the City of Las Vegas, without first
undergoing before a Board of Examination as to his competency as an electrician or electrical
 worker and procuring from such Board certificate thereof. Said Board of Examination
shall consist of three members, one of whom shall be the Chief of the Fire Department, one
shall be the Electrical Inspector and the remaining member shall be a licensed Electrical
Contractor, said latter member to be appointed by the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, but the person so appointed may at any time be removed by the Resolution
or Order of the Board of City Commissioners of said City. Such Board shall organize, adopt
rules and regulations for its guidance and elect one of its members to be President, and
another its Secretary. An affirmative vote of a majority of such Board at a regular or
special meeting thereof shall be sufficient to authorize the issuance of such certificate
to any applicant therefor upon such examination, such certificate to be signed by the
President, and Secretary of such Board. The records of said Board of Examination shall at
all times be open to the inspection of the Mayor and any Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, and such Board of examination shall make such reports to said Board of City 
Commissioners from time to time as required by said Board of Commissioners.

Section 2. Said Board of Examiners shall have the power and it shall be its duty to
cancel and annul the certificate provided for in Section 1 of this Ordinance, of any person
holding the same, should it ascertain that such person or persons have done or habitually
do any work or cause or permit or allow to be done any work not in strict accordance with
approved electrical methods as defined by any Ordinance of he City of Las Vegas, or which
said Board may regard as dangerous to life or property, and it shall be unlawful for any
person, whose certificate has been so cancelled or annulled, to again engage in such work
until he has been reinstated by the Board of Examination and a new certificate issued him.

Section 3. Before filing with said Board of Examination his application for examination,
 as provided in Section 1, the applicant for an examination shall pay a fee of Twenty-
five Dollars, and such examination shall be held by the Board of Examination not more than
thirty days after the filing of the application, of which the applicant shall receive at
least three days notice. Such fee shall be paid to the City Clerk.

Section 4. The word "person" as used herein shall include also any firm of persons
or corporation and each member of such firm and each officer or employee of such corporation
 actively engaged in the performance or overseeing of the performance of any such installation
 or work as mentioned in Section 1 shall be required to take such examination and
receive such certificate from the Board of Examination.

Section 5. Any person failing to pass any such examination shall be entitled to have
returned to him the said sum of twenty-five dollars, but any person failing to pass such
examination shall not be permitted to take another examination at an earlier time than
thirty days after the last preceding examination had relating to such applicant, unless
otherwise prescribed by an order of such Board of examination.

Section 6. Any person, firm or corporation found guilty of a violation of this Ordinance,
 or any section thereof, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction
thereof, shall be punishable by a fine of not exceeding two hundred dollars, or by imprisonment
 in the City Jail for a period not exceeding one hundred days, or by both such fine
and imprisonment.

Section 7. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions of
this Ordinance are hereby repealed.