Section 8. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption
and publication for a period of one week (three issues) in Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly 
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 10 day of April 1930, by the following vote of the Board of City
Commissioners: German, Smith, end His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting aye. Noes none.

First reading Jan. 20, 1930.

Final reading April 10, 1930.

Approved this 10 day of April A.D. 1930.

J. F. Hesse.

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk and Clark of the Board
of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

State of Nevada )ss
County of Clark)

Charles P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Publisher of Las
Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada and that the attached Ordinance No. 156 of the City
of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week from
April 12, 1930 to April 17th, 1930 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: April 12, 15, and 17, 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the charge for publishing the same was $54.00.

Signed Charles P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of May, 1930.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada.

My Commission expires May 26, 1931.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 157.

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las. Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada to borrow Forty-nine Thousand Five Hundred Ninety-five and 12/100 Dollars
($49,595.12) to cover certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and confirmed by the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of paying for the work of
making improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and construction of Asphaltic
Concrete Pavements Durite Process on certain streets, and portions of streets in said City,
to-wit: On Main Street, First Street, Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street, Lewis
Street, Clark Street, Bonneville Street, and Garces Street, to issue and sell the bonds
of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said bonds to be know as "Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement
 Improvement Bonds, Series C," and providing for the collection of said unsaid assessments
 by dividing the same into ten (10) annual installments and placing said installments
on the Tax Roll of Clark County and collecting same in the same manner as State and County
taxes are collected by law:

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS;

Section 1. That for the purpose of paying for the work of grading for and construction
 of Asphaltic Concrete Pavements Durite Process on certain streets and portions of
streets in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on to-wit: portions of Main Street, First Street,
Second Street, Third Street; Fourth Street, Lewis Street, Clark Street, Bonneville Street,
Garces Street, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada; for which special
assessments have hereto fore been levied and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners and
not paid in full by certain owners of property on said streets heretofore named, and in compliance
 with and by virtue and authority of a certain Act of the Legislature of the State
of Nevada, approved March 13, 1909, entitled, "An Act authorizing municipalities to issue
bonds for the purpose of paying the cost of municipal improvements for which special 
assessments are levied," as amended by a certain Act of the Legislature approved March 13,

1913, entitled "An act to amend Sections 1 and 2 of an act entitled, 'An Act to authorize
municipalities to issue bonds for the purpose of paying the cost of municipal improvements
for which special assessments are levied,' approved March 13, 1909, and other matter relating
thereto", and in accordance with City Ordinance No. 149 approved the 5th day of December,
 1929, entitled "An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading
for and constructing Asphaltic Concrete Pavement-Durite Process on certain streets, and 
portions of streets in said City; describing definitely the location of said improvements;
providing that the costs and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessments
upon all lots included in the special assessment district hereby established, according
to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof
are required to be paid from the general fond of said City of Las Vegas; providing for the
issuance of special assessment bonds and also general bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the
payment thereof and other matters relating thereto," and City Ordinance No. 151 approved
the 2nd day of January 1930, entitled "An Ordinance empowering and directing the Ex-Officio
City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special
assessment to defray the costs of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas
by grading for and construction of Asphaltic Concrete Pavements Durite Process on certain