motor vehicle on any of the streets of this city equipped with an electrical bulb or any
other lighting device of a greater capacity than twenty-one (21) candle power no matter how
the same may be shaded, covered or secured, and it shall also be unlawful for any person to
turn all or any of his motor vehicle lights off, for the purpose of avoiding arrest or
identification. All motor vehicles mentioned herein shall in addition to the lights heretofore
 mentioned display on the rear of said vehicle a lamp so constructed and placed as to
show a red light from the rear at least two hundred (200) feet distant from said vehicle,
and so placed that the number on the rear of such motor vehicle shall be illuminated by a white;
light in such a manner that such number can be distinguished under normal atmospheric 
conditions at a distance of not less than fifty feet in the reverse direction to which such
vehicle is proceeding.

	Section XLI. LIGHTS ON MOVING MOTORCYCLES AND MOTOR TRUCKS.

Every motorcycle, motor bicycle and motor truck, while in use on the streets of the
city shall carry during the period of from one hour after sunset to one hour before sunrise,
and at all other times whenever atmospheric conditions so require, at least one white light

 in the front of said vehicle, and said light shall give a light of sufficient power and
so distributed as is provided in Section XL of this Ordinance, and shall also carry at the
rear of said vehicle a red light such as is required on other motor vehicles as is provided
in Section XL of this Ordinance. It shall be unlawful for any person to equip any vehicle
mentioned in Sections XL and XLI of this Ordinance with any light of over four (4) candle
power, unless the same is equipped or designed or so arranged that no rays of light shall
be projected upward or above the level of the headlight center.

Section XLII. OVERHANGING LOADS:	In any case where a motor or other vehicle shall

be loaded with any material in such a manner that any portion of such load extends towards
the rear four feet or more beyond the rear of the bed or body of such vehicle, there shall
be displayed at the extreme end of t he load at the times said under conditions in this section
 hereinbefore specified, in addition to the ordinary rear or tail light hereinbefore
required to be displayed on such vehicle, a red light plainly visible under normal atmospheric
 conditions at least 200 feet from the rear; provided, further that at other times
while such vehicle is upon the street a red flag or cloth not less than 16 inches in length
nor less than 16 inches in width shall be displayed at the extreme rear end of said load as
a warning signal to persons operating vehicles approaching from the rear.

Section XLIII. LIGHTS ON STANDING MOTOR VEHICLES:

Motor vehicles that shall be left standing in any street during the period from an
hour after sunset to a half hour before sunrise, and at all other times when atmospheric
conditions render the operation of vehicles unusually dangerous to the traffic and the use
of the streets, shall have attached thereto, in a conspicuous place on each end thereof, a
light of sufficient candle power to be clearly visible for a distance of 100 feet, provided
 that no lights shall be required on said motor vehicle when the same is parked as hereinbefore
 provided and at the times hereinbefore permitted.

	Section XLIV. LIGHTS ON HORSE DRAWN VEHICLES:	All vehicles other than motor vehicles

during the period between one hour after sunset and a half hour before sunrise, and at all
other times when atmospheric conditions render the operation of vehicles dangerous, shall
carry at least one red light or lantern so arranged that said red light or lantern shall be
visible from both front and rear a distance of not less than 200 feet from said vehicle.

Section XLV. EMISSIONS OF SMOKE, STEAM, ETC.:

It shall be unlawful for any person operating a self-propelled vehicle upon the
streets to permit the motors of the same to operate in such a manner as to visibly emit an
unduly great amount of steam, smoke or other products of combustion from exhaust pipes or
other pipes or openings.

Section XLVI. MUFFLERS ON MOTOR VEHICLES:	It shall be unlawful for any person to

ride, drive, or propel, or cause or permit to be ridden, d riven, or propelled, any motor
vehicle in, upon or along any street, or to operate or cause or permit to be operated the
motor in any such vehicle in any street or other public place if such motor vehicle or the
motor in such vehicle is not provided with a good and sufficient muffler properly attached
thereto or if the exhaust from the motor of such vehicle is ejected otherwise than through
such muffler, or if such exhaust is ejected toward the surface of the street or ground.

Section XLVII. LOUD NOISES FROM MUFFLERS:

It shall be unlawful for any person operating a self-propelled vehicle upon the streets
to permit the pipes, mufflers or other devices to emit the sounds of exhaust in a loud and
annoying manner; it being the intention of this section to compel the operation of such self-
propelled vehicles in as noiseless a manner as possible.

	Section XLVIII. MACHINERY IN MOTION OF MOTOR VEHICLES AT A STANDSTILL:

It shall be unlawful for any person to leave unattended upon any public street, alley,
or other public place any automobile or other motor vehicle while any part of its machinery
is running or in motion.

	Section XLIX. DRIP PANS:

Every motor vehicle or any machinery or apparatus using electricity, gasoline or any
product of petroleum for its motor power shall have attached thereto a suitable device, or
devices, for the purpose of preventing deposits from leakings or drippings being made upon
the pavements or public street.

Section L. DRAINING OF GASOLINE:	

It shall be unlawful for any person operating any automobile or any machinery or
apparatus using electricity, gasoline, or other product of petroleum for its motor power,
to drain from the crank or gear case, or from any other part of said machinery, upon any
street.