Affidavit of publisher.

State of Nevada)

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 42, of the City of Las
Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 5th, day of
July, 1913. inclusive, being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit-July 5th,
1913. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named
that the charge for publishing the same was $7.00

Signed:	C.P. Squires.

(Seal) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th, day of July A.D. 1913.

Geo. B. Clark

Notary Public.

 

	Ordinance No. 43

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas prohibiting obstructions of the streets, alleys, sidewalks
and sidewalk spaces by fences and other obstructions, and providing for the removal of the same.
The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:
section l. Every person making any fences railing or other similar obstruction across any
public street, alley or sidewalk, or any part thereof, or maintaining or keeping any fence, post
or other similar obstruction on or across any such public street, alley or sidewalk, without
permission from the Board of City Commissioners first obtained, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Ten dollars nor more than
Three hundred dollars for each offence, or by imprisonment in the City Jail until such fine is

	

paid, not exceeding one day for each Two Dollars of such fine, in case such fine is not paid;
provided, however, that in all cases of fences already erected upon or across any public street
alley, side walk or sidewalk space, or any part thereof in the City of Las Vegas, the owner,
occupant or lessee of the property abutting on such portion of the street, alley, sidewalk or
sidewalk space occupied by such fence, shall have and is hereby allowed sixty days from the date
of the passage of this ordinance to remove such fence, unless sooner notified in writing to remove
the same by the commissioner of streets and public property, in which latter case the fence shall
be removed within forty-eight hours after such notice is given.

Section 2. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage
and publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

Passed by the Board of Commissioner this 2nd) day of July, 1913, upon the following vote:
Commissioners Curtiss, No; Griffith, aye; Smith, No; Sullivan, aye; and Mayor W.E. Hawkins, voting
aye. First reading June 4th, 1913.	second reading July 2nd, 1913.

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.	Approved, W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Affidavit of Publisher.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark.) ss.

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is the publisher
of the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at

Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 43. of