A building used as a dwelling at the time of the passage of this ordinance, if moved, shall be mad
to conform to all the provisions of this ordinance affecting dwellings hereafter erected.

Section 4. Water-closets required by this ordinance need not be installed in the event
that the dwelling hereafter erected, or an existing dwelling, as the case may be, is situated
where there is no running water and where there is no practical means of sewage disposal, until
such time as it becomes practicable and possible to provide running water and means of sewage
disposal; provided, that in every such case the Board of City Commissioners shall decide whether
or not it is practicable and possible to provide running water, or proper means of sewage disposal.

Section 5. Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this ordinance
 shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished
by a fine not exceeding One Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding
fifty days, or by both fine and imprisonment.

Section 6. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 7. This ordinance shall take effect from and after its passage and publication for
a period of one week (one issue) in Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper printed and published
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Passed on second reading August 3,1921, upon the following vote: Commissioners Brickie,
Hodgens and Mayor pro tem Chas. Ireland, voting aye. Noes. None. First reading July 20, 1921.

Approved:

Chas. Ireland, Mayor pro tem.

Attest:	

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen
of the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark
County Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 85 of the City of Las Vegas, of which the
attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one consecutive issues, on
the following dates, to-wit: August 6, 1921.

Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 6th day of August, A.D. 1921.

Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.