Affidavit of Publication

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance number 47 of the City of Las Vegas,
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week on the 4th, day of October 1913. inclusive, being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: October 4th, A.D.
1913. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed, Chas. P. Squires.

(NOTORIAL SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th, day of December A.D. 1913.

My Commission expires March 8th, 1915.	Henry M. Lillis, Notary Public.

Ordinance No. 48.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for purposes of regulation and revenue,
every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the corporate
limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing	the rates of license	tax upon the same and

providing for the collection of	said	license tax, and a	punishment for carrying on or conducting

any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14, and 35.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. The City Clerk must prepare and have printed blank licenses as herein authorized
to be issued.

Section 2. The City Clerk must	affix his official	seal to, number and	sign all licenses.

Section 3. The City Clerk	must	keep in his office	a Register in which	he must keep account

of ail licenses issued and delivered by him.

Section 4. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation, club or association

to commence, carry on, engage in, or continue in, in the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, any

business, trade, occupation or employment, upon which a license tax is imposed by the terms and

provisions of this ordinance, and for which a license tax is required to be procured by the terms



and provisions of this ordinance, without first paying such license tax and procuring such license
as hereinafter provided, said license authorizes the party obtaining the same to transact the business
described in such license in a particular locality in the City, separate licenses must be obtained
for each branch establishment or separate house of business; and said license, when payable
quarterly, must be taken out in the quarters commencing on the first day of January, April, July and
October of each year.

Section 5. The City Clerk must make diligent Inquiry as to all persons in this city liable
to pay license as provided in this ordinance, and must require each person, where the license tax
depends upon the receipts or amount of business transacted, to state under oath the probable
amount of business which he, or the firm of which he is a member, or for which he is agent or
attorney, or the association or corporation of which he is president, secretary or managing agent
will be in the next succeeding period for which said license may be issued, which said amount shall
 be computed according to the amount of business done during the period next proceeding the period
for which said license may be issued, unless an extension or enlargement of business is contemplated; and thereupon such person, agent, president, secretary or other officer must procure a license
from the City Clerk for the term desired, and in the class of which such person is liable tp pay;