Affidavits of publication.

State of Nevada)

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 54. of the City of Las
Vegas, was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one weeK on the 7th, day of
February A.D. 1914, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper and circulated on each of the dates
above mentioned.	 Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th, day of March A.D. 1914.

 (SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 55.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvements of Fremont street by

	

constructing cement, concrete sidewalks on the south side of said street, and providing for the

payment therefor by special assessment.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

	Section, 1, It is hereby ordered that a cement, concrete sidewalk shall be constructed along

the south side of Fremont Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, commencing at a point where the

South line of Fremont street intersects the East line of second street, and running thence easterly

along the south line of Fremont street to the west line of Fifth street where it intersects the

South line of Fremont street excepting lot 6, in block; No. 19, said sidewalk shall be constructed

in accordance with the provisions of ordinance No, 47, of the City of Las Vegas and in accordance

with the plats and diagrams of said work on file in the office of the City Clerk.

Section 2. Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of ground fronting on

the south side of said Fremont Street and abutting upon said improvement, and the cost thereof

shall be collected by special assessment and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots and premises

abutting upon such improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage, the cost and expense

of said improvement shall include the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, cost of construction

and all fees and compensation properly chargeable in the work of making such special assessment
in case the amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premises shall exceed twenty per cent
of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for
State and County taxation such cost exceeding said twenty per cent, shall be paid from the general
fund of the City.

Section 3. The assessment district for said improvement shall include the lots and premises
within the following boundaries, to-wit: Commencing at a point on the south line of Fremont Street
where said South line of said street intersects the East line of second street; thence easterly
along the South line of Fremont street to the west line of Fifth street where it intersects the
South line of Fremont street; thence southerly along the West line of said Fifth street to the
point where the alley of Block 35 intersects the west line of fifth street; thence westerly along
the North line of said alleys through Blocks Nos. 35, 30 and 19 to the point where the North line of
said alley intersects the East line of second street; thence Northerly along the East line of second
Street to the place of beginning, excepting from said district lot 6 in block No. 19.

Section 4. The said work shall be done under contract to be let by this Board to the lowest
responsible bidder and upon such conditions as the Board of City Commissioners may prescribe

in the letting of such contract.

Section 5. A special assessment is hereby required to be made pro rata upon the lots in the
above described special assessment district, according to frontage; and the City assessor is