Section LI. WASHING OR REPAIRING ON STREETS:

It shall be unlawful for any person to wash any motor vehicle with water upon any
public street, or to construct, or cause to be repaired any vehicle, or any part of any
vehicle upon any street, except temporary repairs in case of accident, and then only after
parking as in this ordinance provided.

Section LII. BRAKES:

No person shall ride, drive, or propel or cause or permit to be ridden, driven, or

propelled, any motor vehicle upon or along any street in this city, unless the same shall be

equipped with a good and sufficient brake or set of brakes which shall be of sufficient

power when applied to bring such vehicle when running at a speed of twelve miles per hour,

to a s top within ten feet from the point where such brake is applied.



Section LIII. POLICE TO INSPECT LIGHTS AND BRAKES:

It shall be lawful for the police officers of the city to inspect or cause to be inspected
	at any time the lights or brakes of any vehicle and to prohibit the driving on the

public streets of any vehicle having defective lights or brakes and to cause the arrest of
any person so driving or in charge of said vehicle who has failed to equip his said vehicle
with proper lights or brakes.

Section LIV. KEEPING VEHICLES CLOSE TO THE CURB:

Every person riding, riving, propelling, or in charge of any vehicle moving slowly
upon any street shall keep such vehicle as close as possible to the curb on the right,
allowing more swiftly moving vehicles free passage on the left.

Section LV. SIDE TO CURB:

No person riding, driving, propelling or in charge of any vehicle shall stop the same

upon any street or alley of the City of Las Vegas with the left side of such vehicle toward

or along the curb.

Section LVI. BACKING TO CURB:

No vehicle shall stand backed up to the curb except when actually loading or unloading,

 and if said vehicle is horse-drawn and has four wheels the horse or horses must stand
as nearly parallel to the curb as is possible and face the direction of the traffic, but no
vehicle shall stand backed up if it interferes with or interrupts the passage of other
vehicles or street cars.

Section LVII. REMOVAL OF CARS:

It shall be unlawful for any person in charge of any vehicle standing on any street
in the City of Las Vegas, to fail, refuse, or neglect to move such vehicle when requested
so to do by any police officer, and in he event the person in charge can not be found, the
officer may remove such vehicle to a safe place and notify said person in charge. The
owner or person in charge of such vehicle shall not be entitled to the return of said 
vehicle until he shall have paid to such police officer, or to the Chief of Police, for the use
and benefit of said City, the reasonable costs and charges of such removal including the
storage and/or guarding of such vehicle.

Section LVIII. VEHICLES TURN TO RIGHT:

Every person riding, driving, propelling or in charge of any vehicle, upon meeting any
other, vehicle at any place upon any street, shall turn to the right, and on all occasions
when it is practicable so to do shall travel on the right side of such street and near the
right hand curb thereof, excepting when the right hand side of the street is obstructed by
teams, buildings or other material, or when the street is closed for repairs; in such cases
the travel shall be as far away from the left-hand curb as possible, so as to allow other
vehicles to freely pass.

Section LIX. PASSING TO THE LEFT:

Every person riding, driving, propelling or in charge of any vehicle upon any street
shall, on overtaking any other vehicle, pass to the left of such vehicle, and the person in
charge of such vehicle being so overtaken and passed, shall give way to the extreme right,
to allow such vehicle to pass with safety.

Section LX. SIGNAL ON CHANGING COURSE:	Every person riding, driving, propelling

 or in charge of any vehicle upon any street shall before turning, stopping, or changing
the course of such vehicle, first see that here is sufficient space so that such movement
can be made in safety, and shall then give a plainly visible signal to the persons in
charge of vehicles behind the vehicle so turning, stopping, changing its course, or turning,
from a standstill, of his intention to make such movement, when said vehicle so turning,
stopping or changing its course may turn and shall have the right of way over vehicles in
the rear.

The signals above mentioned shall be given in the following manner, to-wit:

1.	Arm straight out - turning in direction pointed to.

2.	Arm pointed upwards - turning in the opposite direction.

3.	Arm pointed downward - stopping or suddenly checking speed.



If it is closed vehicle, the signals must be given by a proper signalling device
indicating the same signals as those required by hand.

Section LXI. APPROACHING INTERSECTIONS:

All vehicles approaching an intersection of a public street, with the intention of
turning thereat shall in turning to the right keep to the right of the center of such 
intersection, and in turning to the left shall run beyond the center of such intersection,
passing to the right thereof, before turning such vehicle toward the left.