or removed or which may be in the process of erection or enlargement or removal contrary in either

case to the provisions hereof shall be deemed and is hereby declared a nuisance. And the owner

or owners of any such structure and any and all persons employed or assisting about the same shall

be	fined in a sum of not less than fifty dollars nor more than two hundred dollars for each and

	every such offence, and the sum of not less than twenty-five dollars nor more than two hundred



     dollars for every twenty four hours any such structure shall afterwards remain within the fire
limits. The fine or fines above provided for shall be recovered in any court having competent
jurisdiction, and in the event of the failure to pay such fine the person convicted shall be 
imprisoned in the City Jail at the rate of one day for each Two Dollars of such fine.

Section 8. It shall be unlawful for any person to keep any petroleum, gasoline or any 
product of petroleum or hydro-carbon liquid within the fire limits of said City in quantities in excess
	of one hundred and fifty gallons, and not more than a total of one hundred gallons shall be kept

in	iron tanks nor more than fifty gallons in cases, such liquid shall not be kept in receptacle

other than the kinds above described, and the same shall be kept in a safe and clean condition.

Section. 9, It shall be unlawful for any person to keep within the fire limits any dynamite
giant powder nitroglycerine or similar explosives.

Section 10. Any person violating or wilfully non-complying with any of the provisions of

	

section 8, or 9, of this ordinance is guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall upon conviction thereof, be
punished by a fine not less than ten dollars, nor more than three hundred dollars, or imprisonment
in the City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of one day for each two dollars of such fine.

Section 11. It shall be unlawful for any person to stack hay, straw or any other highly
combustible material within the fire limits of said City of Las Vegas, and any person violating
this section shall upon conviction be fined in any sum not exceeding fifty Dollars.

Section. 12. All arrangements and devices for heating or warming any room or rooms, or
buildings, or for any purposes of work whereby a fire is needed or used, shall be so constructed
put up and operated as will secure safety from fires.

Section 13. Stoves pipes shall not be allowed to be put out through the roofs of buildings

or the sides thereof, or through floors or partitions without being made perfectly secure by the

use of non-combustible material around said pipe where it passes through either the roof, floor



sides or partitions of any building, and in no event shall the pipe be placed nearer than six inches

of any wood work or other combustible material. Provided that registers may be put in floors, said

register to be of modern manufacture, and the air chamber around the pipe shall be at least

two inches in diameter. And all chimneys shall be safely and securely constructed so as not to

endanger any building or be the cause of the setting or communicating of any fire.



Section 14. Lights or fires in any manner shall not be carried in places where any kind of
combustible material may be liable to be ignited or set on fire, without such lights or fire is
properly and safely secured in such a way as to not endanger the setting of fire.

Section 15. Ashes shall not be kept or stored in any place within twenty feet of any building
not in any building, without the receptacle in which said ashes are stored shall be made fire proof.
Nor shall any hay, or straw or other combustible material be stacked within sixty feet of any
building in which a fire is kept or used, nor shall straw, shavings or rubbish of any kind be
burned nearer than thirty feet of any building, nor shall any such fire be kindled or permitted
except between the hours of six o'clock A.M. and five o'clock P.M., nor except in a still time
when the wind is not blowing, or when the surroundings are wet or damp; nor shall any fire be made
or used for any work whatever out of doors within fifteen feet of any building, except the same
be fire proof, and in all cases after use the fire and all coals shall be throughly extinguished
Section 16. Shavings shall not be allowed to accumulate in any shop, building or other
place where shavings are made, but such shop, building or other place shall be kept as near clean

of such shavings or other combustible material as the nature of the case will permit, and all stoves