AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the

United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review,
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true and
correct copy, was published in said paper one consecutive issues, on the following dates, to-wit:

October 4, 1919.	Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th day of October, A. D. 1919

Harley A. Harmon
City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

	ORDINANCE NO. 78



 AN ORDINANCE TO CREATE A BOARD OF HEALTH FOR THE CITY OF LAS 	VEGAS.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain	as follows:

Sec. 1. That there be and is hereby created a Board of Health for the City of Las Vegas which shall
consist of the Board of City Commissioners of said City, and a physician to be appointed by the Mayor.
Such physician shall act as local health officer, and executive of the Board of Health. The compensation
of such City Health Officer shall be fixed by the Board of City Commissioners, and the same,
together with the necessary expenses, shall be paid by the Board of City Commissioners except as 

otherwise provided by rules or regulations of said Board of Health.

Sec. 2. It shall be the duty of such Board of Health to oversee all sanitary conditions within
the said City of Las Vegas and to make such rules and regulations as may be necessary for the prevention,
suppression, and control of any contagious or infectious disease, dangerous to public health.

Said Board of Health shall act in conjunction with the State Board of Health. They shall have authority
to abate nuisances, in accordance with the statutes of the State and Ordinances of the City of Las Vegas,
now in force or hereafter enacted, to establish a temporary isolation hospital or quarantine station
when emergency demands, and to restrain, quarantine and disinfect any person or persons sick with or
exposed to any contagious, infectious or malignant disease, dangerous to public health. They shall
have rower to appoint quarantine officers when necessary to enforce quarantine and shall provide whatever
medicines, disinfectants, and provisions may be required, and the Board of City Commissioners shall
pay all debts or charge s so incurred; provided, however, each patient shall, if able, pay for his
food, medicine, clothes and medical attention; and on refusal of any such patient, when able to pay for
his food, medicine clothes or medical attention, the value of same may be recovered in a civil action
brought by said City against such patient so refusing to pay for same, in any court of competent
jurisdiction. Quarantine laws and regulations may be enforced within the corporation limits of said
City and within twelve miles thereof.

Sec. 3. Any person, firm, association, or corporation, refusing or neglecting within two days after
having been duly notified in writing to comply with the requirements of the rules or regulations established
 by said Board of Health, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof
shall be fined in any sum not less than ten dollars nor more than two hundred dollars or by imprisonment
in the City Jail for a period of not less than five days nor more than one hundred days or by both such fine
and imprisonment.

Sec. 4. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and 
publication one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

This ordinance was introduced and read for the first time at a regular meeting of said Board of

City Commissioners held on the 3rd day of September, 1919. Read for the second time and passed at a

regular meeting of said Board held on the 7th day of April, 1920, upon the following vote: Commissioners

Conklin, Martin, Pembroke and his Honor the Mayor W. E. Ferron, voting aye. Noes, none.

Attest:	Harley A. Harmon

City Clerk