"within ten (10) feet of any fire plug or fire hydrant."

Section 6. Said ordinance No. 66 is hereby amended by adding thereto a new section to
be known as Section 36a, as follows:

Section 36a. Any policeman or peace officer within said City of Las Vegas, viewing a
violation of any of the provisions of this Ordinance, may, instead of making an immediate arrest
of the offender or offenders, require the person or persons so offending to appear before the Municipal
 Judge at the Municipal Court, to answer such charge as may be placed against him or them, at
time to be designated in such notice. Such notice may be given by attaching to the vehicle used
in connection with the offense in a conspicuous place thereon or therein a ticket or tag in such
form as may be prescribed by the Police and Fire Commissioner of said City, the same to contain
among other things the license number, if any, of the vehicle, or a brief description of same, a
brief characterization of the alleged offense, and a direction addressed to the party or parties
offending, if his or their names be known, and if their name or names be not known, then to be
addressed to the owner, agent of owner, or person in charge of such vehicle, directing him or them
to appear before such Municipal Judge at said Court at a time to be fixed in such notice, but not
later than forty-eight hours after the time of the attaching of such ticket or tag to such vehicle.

It shall thereupon be the duty of the person or persons designated in such notice to appear before
said Municipal Judge in conformity with the requirements of such notice. Upon the failure of the
person so designated in such notice to so appear immediate arrest shall be made of such offender
as by law provided. The peace officer giving such notice shall keep a duplicate of the same. It
shall be unlawful for any person to remove such ticket or tag from such vehicle or to destroy the
same prior to the appearance of the party designated in the notice therein before the Municipal
Judge in obedience to the requirement of such not ice so given.

Section 7. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage
and publication for a period of one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 8. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 15th day of March, 1922, upon the following
vote: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, voting aye. Noes, none.

First reading March 13, 1922. Second Reading March 15th, 1922.

Approved:

W. E. Dentner,

Attest:	(seal)	Mayor pro tern.

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

W. F. Rector, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Foreman of the Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that
the Ordinance No. 90 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper
one consecutive issues, on the following dates, to-wit:	April 21, 1922.

W. F. Rector

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th day of April, A.D. 1922.

Leo A. McNamee,

(notarial seal)	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My commission expires Aug. 20, 1923.