Chas. C. Corkhill, By: R. J. Young.

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26th, day of May, A. D. 1917.

	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.



	

	ORDINANCE NO. 68.	

	An Ordinance to amend Section 22 of Ordinance No. 66, entitled "An Ordinance Regulating

	Travel and Traffic upon the Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada."

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That Section 22 of Ordinance No. 66, entitled: "An Ordinance regulating travel and

traffic upon the public streets of the City of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby amended to read

as follows:

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle to stop the same, or cause the 

same to be	stopped in or upon any street unless the wheels of such vehicle nearest the curb are not

more than two feet distant from such curb; or unless the front wheel of such vehicle, nearest the
curb, is not more than six inches distant from such curb, and the body of such vehicle shall stand at
an angle of not more than Thirty Degrees with such curb. Provided, however, that the provisions
of this section shall not apply in case of emergency, or when such stop is made for the purpose of
allowing another vehicle or pedestrian to pass in front of such vehicle so stopped, or in compliance
with an order	or signal from a police officer.

Section 3. This ordinance shall be published for a period of one week (one insertion) in the

Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.
Thereupon shall take effect and be in force.

The foregoing ordinance has passed the Board of City Commissioners this 7th day of March,

A. D. 1917, and the vote upon the following was, to-wit: Commissioner Matzdorf, aye; Commissioner
Farnsworth aye; Commissioner Elwell, aye; Commissioner Ball, aye; and his honor the Mayor, W. E.
Hawkins, aye.	Noes none.

First reading Feb. 7, 1917.

Last reading March 7, 1917.

Approved:

W. E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Attest:

Harley A. Harmon.



Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT 0F PUBLICATION.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn deposes and says: That he is a 

citizen of the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and the Ordinance No. 68 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada of which the attacked
is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one consecutive issues, on the following
date, to-wit: March 10, 1917.

Chas. C. Corkhill,

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26th day of May, 

A. D). 1917.

Harley A. Harman, City Clerk.