Ordinance No. 54.

  An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvement of Fremont street by constructing

  cement concrete sidewalks on the North side of said street, and providing for the payment

Therefore by special assessment.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas so ordain as follows:

Section 1. It is hereby ordered that a cement, concrete sidewalk shall be constructed along
the North side of Fremont street on Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, commencing at a point one hundred
feet west of the West line of second street where it intersects the North line of Fremont street,
and running thence easterly along the North line of Fremont street to the west line of Fifth street
where it intersects the North line of Fremont street. Said sidewalk shall be constructed in accordance
with the provisions of ordinance No. 47 of the City of Las Vegas and in accordance with the plats
and digrams of said work on file in the office of the City Clerk.

Section 2. Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of ground fronting
on the North side of said Fremont street and abutting upon said improvement, and the cost thereof
shall be collected by special assessment and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots and
premises abutting upon such improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage, the cost
and expense of said improvement shall include the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, cost of
construction and all fees and compensation properly chargeable in the work of making such special
assessment. In case the amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premises shall exceed
twenty per cent of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or
assessment roll for State and County taxation, such cost exceeding said twenty per cent, shall be
paid from the general fund of the City.

Section 3. The assessment district for said improvement shall include the lots and premises
within the following boundaries, to-wit: Commencing at a point on the North lane of Fremont street
at one hundred feet West of the west line of second street where it intersects the North line of
Fremont street; thence easterly along the North line of Fremont street to the west line of Fifth
street where it intersects the North line of Fremont street; thence northerly along the west line
of said Fifth street to the point where the alley of block 34 interacts the west line of Fifth
Street; thence westerly alone the South line of said alley through blocks 34, 31, 18, 15 to the point
where the west line of lot 19 in block 15 intersects the South line of said alley; thence southerly
along the west line of said lot 19 in block 15 to the point of beginning.

Section 4. That said work shall be done under contract to be let by this Board to the lowest
responsible bidder and upon such conditions as the Board of City Commissioners may prescribe in the let
letting of such contract.

Section 5. A special assessment is hereby required to be made pro rata upon the lots in the above
described special assessment district, according to frontage; and the City assessor is hereby	

directed immediately upon the passage of this ordinance to make such special assessment according
to frontage and he is hereby directed to assess the sum of Two Thousand six Hundred forty-three
($2643.00) Dollars, the same being the amount hereby determined necessary to cover the cost of
such improvement. From the date of the approval of the assessment roll the special assessment
shall constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of and assessed.

Section 6. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age. I hereby certify that the foregoing
Ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held on the 7th, day of January, 1914, and read for the second time and passed at its regular
meeting on the 4th day of February, 1914, by the following vote, to-wit: Commissioners Griffith,
Curtiss, Sullivan, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes. None.

(SEAL) Approved this 4th, day of February A.D. 1914. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.	

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.