ORDINANCE NO. 194.

An Ordinance prohibiting soliciting for sexual intercourse, occupying or renting 
rooms in any rooming house, hotel or other place in the City of Las Vegas for the purpose
 of sexual intercourse with a person to whom he or she is not married, and to require
 all keepers of hotels or lodging houses to keep a register of all persons occupying
 rooms in such hotel or lodging house.

The Board of Commissioners of The City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as Follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person, upon a public street or in any
rooming house, lodging house, hotel, or other place in the City of Las Vegas, to solicit
a person of the opposite sex, to whom he or she is not married, to have sexual 
intercourse with such person so soliciting.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person to resort to any rooming house,
lodging house, hotel, or other place in the City of Las Vegas, for the purpose of having
therein sexual intercourse with a person to whom he or she is not married.

Section 3. It shall be unlawful for any person to resort to any office building,
or to any rooms or room used or occupied in connection with, or under the same 
management as any cafe, restaurant, soft drink parlor, drugstore, or similar business, or to
any public or private alleyway, or to any public park or to any of the buildings therein,
or to any vacant lot, or to any place similar in character to any of those herein mentioned,
for the purpose of having therein sexual intercourse with a person or persons to whom
he or she is not married.

Section 4. Every person, firm, association, or corporation, within the limits of the
City of Las Vegas, who keeps, maintains, or controls any hotel, rooming house of lodging
house, shall provide, keep and maintain a public register, and shall require every person
who rents or occupies a room in such hotel rooming house or lodging house to write in
said register his name and place of residence, such registration shall be made on a page
of said register properly dated with reference to the day of the year, month, and week,
and the time of day the person rents, or arranges to occupy a room shall also be therein 
entered. Such register shall be permanently and firmly bound, shall not be of loose
leaf nature.

Section 5. Such hotel rooming house or lodging house register, so kept, shall be
open to the public at any and all reasonable hours, and the pages thereof shall, upon
demand, be opened for investigation, or inspection, by any member of the police force or
other peace officer of the City of Las Vegas, immediately upon demand having been made by
such member of the police force or other peace officer.

Section 6. That any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions
of this ordinance shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall
be punishable by a fine of not more than Four Hundred Dollars $400.00, or by imprisonment
in the City Jail for a period of not more than two hundred days, or by both such fine
and imprisonment.

Section 7. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage and publication for a period of one week (six issues) in Las Vegas Age, a
daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Passed on second reading on the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German,
and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

First reading Oct. 19, 1932.

Approved November 8th, 1932.

E. W. Cragin, Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns, City Clerk
(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA )

County of Clerk) 

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of
the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 194
of the City of Las Vegas was published in said newspaper for a period of one week from
Nov. 9, 1932 to Nov. 16, 1932 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: Nov. 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, and 15, 1932.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the legal charge for publishing the same was $81.20.

Signed C. P. Squires,

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th day of Nov. 1932.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My commission Expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)