AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

i

STATE OF NEVADA )

County of Clark ) SS

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, disposes and says; That he is publisher of
the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance No. 178 of the City of Las Vegas

was published in said newspaper for a period of one week from October 7, 1931 to October 13,
1931, inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

Oct. 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 13, 1931.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named,

That the legal charge for publishing the same was $128.35.

Signed C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to Before me this 13th day of October, 1931.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

ORDINANCE NO. 179.

An Ordinance to amend Sections 2, 8 and 10 of Ordinance No. 111 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled; "An Ordinance prohibiting the manufacture, storage, or keeping, sale,
offering or exposing for sale or barter, or other disposal of intoxicating liquors in the
City of Las Vegas; regulating other matters pertaining thereto; providing a penalty for the
violation of this Ordinance, and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
 therewith," approved May 5, 1925.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as Follows:

Section 1. That Section 2 of said Ordinance No. 111 be and the same is hereby
amended to read as follows:

"Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation
 to manufacture, keep or store, sell, offer or expose for sale or barter, or otherwise
 dispose of, except as hereinafter provided, any intoxicating liquors in the City of
Las Vegas or within one mile beyond the city limits of said city; provided, that nothing
in the Ordinance shall prohibit the manufacture, sale, keeping or storing of said
liquors where the manufacture, sale keeping or storing of the same is permitted by the laws
of the State of Nevada or of the United States of America."

Section 2. That Section 8 of said Ordinance No. 111 be and the same is hereby
amended to read as follows:

"Section 8. It shall be unlawful for any person to have upon his person or in
any vehicle, any intoxicating liquors on any public street or alley or in any public place
in the City of Las Vegas, or in any public road, public highway or public place within one
miles beyond the city limits of said city."

Section 3. That Section 10 of said Ordinance No. 111 be and the same is hereby
amended to read as follows:

"Any person who shall violate any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall
be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not less than One Hundred
Dollars ($100.00) nor  more than Four Hundred Ninety-eight Dollars ($498.00), or be imprisoned
 in the City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of not exceeding one day for
each two dollars of such fine in case such fine is not paid, or by imprisonment in the
City Jail not exceeding six months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 4. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption
 and publication for one week (six issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 179 published
one week (6 issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 5th day of October, 1931 by the following vote: 
Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

First reading Sept. 4, 1931. Second reading 5th day of October 1931.

Approved this 5th day of October 1931.

E. W. Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)