AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION. ORDINANCE NO. 109

STATE OF NEVADA )

SS.
 

COUNTY OF CLARK )

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher

 of the LAS VEGAS ACE, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance No. 109 of the City of Las Vegas, was continuously published in said newspaper
 for a period of One week, from March 7, 1925 inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:	March 7, 1925. That said newspaper was

regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the charge for
same was $

Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 25th day of August, 1925.



C. D. Breeze.

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION. ORDINANCE NO. 110
MAY CORKHILL, being first duly sworn, deposes and. says:	That she is a citizen

of the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that she is the Publisher of the
Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed aid published at
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 110 of which the attached is
a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue on the following date,
to-wit:	March 6, 1925.

May Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th day of August,

A. D. 1925

Edgar F. Dupray,

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO. 92.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas establishing a City Dump Ground, and 
regulating the removal and disposal of rubbish, etc.

Sec. 1. That the City dump grounds for ashes, paper, straw, manure, rags,
boxes, scrap metal, and like material, and rubbish of all kinds, collected by the City
and private conveyances, from the streets, alleys, and other public and private places
and premises in said City, be and the same is hereby established at and on that certain
piece or parcel of land, owned by said City of Las Vegas, situated within the corporate
limits of said City of Las Vegas, and more particularly described as follows, to-wit:
Commencing at a pint marked V. R. No. 5, located at the Southwest Corner of the North
half of the Southwest Quarter of Section twenty-six, Township twenty South of Range
Sixty-one East, Mount Diablo Base and Meridian, Clark County, Nevada, from whence the
southwest Corner of said Section bears South 0°04' East 1519.0 Ft.; thence North 0° 04'
West 208.71 Ft.; thence North 89° 58' East 626.15 ft.; thence South 0°04' E. 208.71 Ft.;
thence South 89°58' West 626.13 ft. to the place of beginning, containing an area of 3.00
acres, more or less.

Sec. 2. All ashes, paper, straw, manure, rags, boxes, scrap metal, and like
material, and rubbish of all kinds, collected by the city and private conveyances, from
the streets, alleys, and other public and private places and premises in said City, must

be delivered at the City dump Grounds; but no part thereof shall be deposited at any other