AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE 0F NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark )

E. Cahlan being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is editor of the
Las Vegas Evening Review—Journal, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the 
attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of every issue for
one week from Jan. 7 to Jan. 13, 1930, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 13, 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named.

Signed A. E. Cahlan.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day of February 1930.

Louise Sill

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission expires
Dec. 28, 1933.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 155

An Ordinance regulating the practice of civil engineering and surveying in the
  City of Las Vegas, providing for the examination registration and licensing of persons
 engaged in the same, creating an examination board, and providing for a violation
thereof.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows;

Section 1. The practice of civil engineering and surveying, or either in the
City of Las Vegas is subject to the regulations prescribed in this Ordinance, and it
shall be unlawful for any person to practice civil engineering and surveying, or either
unless he shall obtain a license so to do, and shall be registered as provided in this
Ordinance.

Section 2. No person shall be entitled to obtain a license to practice civil
engineering and surveying, or either, from the City of Las Vegas, without first undergoing
 before a Board of Examination an examination as to his qualifications and competency
 as a Civil Engineer and surveyor, or either, and procuring from such Board a registration
 certificate thereof, except as hereinafter provided. Said Board of Examination
 shall consist of three members, to be appointed by the Board of City Commissioners,
 each of whom shall be a licensed and registered Civil Engineers, as defined by this
Ordinance. Not more than one representative of any one engineering organization shall
at any one time be a member of this of said Board of Examination, such Board shall
organize, adopt rules and regulations for its guidance, and elect one of its members
to be President, and another its Secretary. An affirmative vote of a majority of such
Board at a regular or special meeting thereof shall be sufficient to authorize the
issuance of such certificate to any applicant therefor such examination, such certificate
 to be signed by the President and Secretary of such Board. The Board of City
Commissioners may at any time remove any member of such Board and appoint his successor.
The records of said Board of Examination shall at all times be open to the inspection
of the Mayor and any Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, and such Board of Examination
shall make such reports to said Board of City Commissioners from time to time as may
be required by said Board of City Commissioners.

Section 3. No person shall be eligible to have issued to him the certificate 
provided for in Sec. 1 of this Ordinance who does not possess a good moral character, who
is not more than twenty-one years of age and has resided in the State of Nevada for a
period of six months prior to the issuance of such certificate, and shall be a graduate
from a school of engineering of recognized reputation and shall have had two years 
experience in the practice of the profession for which he seeks such certificate, or shall
have had six years experience in such profession, two years of which he shall have been
engaged in responsible charge of the work of the profession. Each applicant for examination
 shall present to such Board of Examination an affidavit setting forth therein
the period of his residence in the State of Nevada, his education, and experience in the
profession for which he seeks a certificate, and his age. The application for examination
shall be accompanied by a receipt issued by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,
showing that he has paid the sum of $15.00 as an examination fee. Such exanimation shall
be held by the Board of Examination not more than thirty days after the filing of the
application, of which the applicant shall receive at least three days notice. Any person
who has the qualifications prescribed in this section, and who has been actively engaged
in the practice of his profession in the City of Las Vegas for a period of one year 
immediately prior to the taking effect of this Ordinance shall be granted a certificate
of registration without examination upon the payment to the City Clerk of a registration
fee of Ten Dollars, if paid within ten days after this Ordinance takes effect, and
pays the license fee as hereinafter provided for. The scope of the examination shall be
prescribed by said Board of Examination. Said Board of Examination shall keep on file
in the office of the City Clerk a register of all applicants for certificates of registration,
 rejected applicants, and registered engineers and/or surveyors. Each Applicant
 who shall pass such examination shall be issued by said Board of Examination a
registration certificate upon payment of Ten Dollars registration fee and a license fee
of Three Dollars to the City Clerk. Such fee of three dollars shall be a license fee
for the practicing of such profession for one year or a fraction thereof. The City Clerk
upon such payment being made shall issue a City license therefor, but no such City
license shall entitle the holder to practice his profession unless he shall also be a
registered civil engineer and/or surveyor as herein provided. The license year shall
commence on January first of each year and end on the 31st day of December of the same
year beginning with the year 1930. Such license shall be renewed at the beginning of
each year. Each member of the Board of Examination shall be entitled to receive from the
City of Las Vegas the sum of $5.00 each out of each examination fee for each person so

examined, which shall be in full compensation for all services rendered under this Ordinance,

