and by Section 3 of this Ordinance has been presented to this Board and is hereby 
approved, as a correct map of said grades hereby established, and is hereby ordered that
said map shall have endorsed thereon by the City Clerk the approval of this Board and
said map shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk until the further order of said
Board of City Commissioners for use in connection with the operation of the provisions
of this Ordinance.

Sec. 5. All official elevations hereafter established in the City of Las Vegas
shall be described with reference to their elevations as compared with said datum plane,
as established by said primal bench mark, in feet and decimal parts of a foot.

Sec. 6. The elevations shall be fixed at the property lines; and the elevations
hereinabove in Sec. 3 of this Ordinance are hereby declared to be fixed at the property
lines.

Sec. 7. The grade of all sidewalks in said City is hereby established so that if
continued to the curb line on the same slope it will be even with the top of the curb.

The slope shall be at the rate of a fall of three tenths (.3ft.) of a foot in the fifteen
feet from the property line to the face of the curb, and the top of the curb shall
be three tenths of a foot below the lot grade as established by this Ordinance or as
may hereafter be established under the provisions of this Ordinance.

Sec.	8.	The grade of the gutter at the curb line shall be not less than five tenths

of a	foot and not more than a foot below the top of the curb.

Sec.	9.	The shape of the cross section and the elevations thereof shall be fixed

at the time the street is improved depending on the material used for paving.

Sec. 10. The longitudinal slope or grade of the street shall be on straight lines
connecting the points where the elevations are fixed or shall hereafter be fixed as 
provided in this ordinance; excepting where the grade breaks in the block between 
intersecting streets, then the roadway and curbs shall be on vertical curves of such length
and kind that the allowable cross slope of the sidewalk will be maintained.

Sec. 11. The official elevations of the corners of intersecting streets, alleys,
lanes and other places and highways intersecting said street at points between points on
which the official elevations are fixed in the manner described in this ordinance, shall
be and are hereby, fixed at an elevation being on a straight line connecting the two
established points nearest said intersecting corners.

Sec. 12. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof before the Municipal Judge
of the said City shall be fined in any sum not less than Ten Dollars nor more than One
Hundred Dollars or shall bee imprisoned in the City Jail for any term not less than five
days, nor more than fifty days, or by both such fine and imprisonments.

Sec. 13. Sections one, two, three, four, and five of Ordinance No. 47 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance establishing official grades of the lots, streets,

alleys, avenues, public places, sewers, and other grades in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite
and City of Las Vegas, and regulating the construction of sidewalks therein and other
matters relating thereto." approved Oct. 3, 1913, and all ordinances and parts of 
Ordinances in conflict herewith, are hereby repealed.

Sec. 14. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its 
passage and publication for one week (two issues) in______Las Vegas Review a ______________

semi-weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

