	ORDINANCE NO. 106.





An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvement of Second
Street by constructing cement and concrete sidewalk in front of Block Nos. 9, 10, 11, 12, 
13, 14 and 15 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and providing for the payment therefor by
Special assessment.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:



Section 1. It is hereby ordered that a cement, concrete sidewalk shall be 
constructed along the West side of Second Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, commencing
at the northeast corner of lot twenty-five (25) in Block No. 15 of said Townsite, and
running thence southerly along the West Side of Second Street to its intersection with
Graces Street, excepting therefrom lots twenty-six to twenty-eight inclusive, block 10;
lots 21 to 27 inclusive, and the north twenty feet of lot 32, Block 11; lots 17 to 32
inclusive, block 13; lots 10 to 12 inclusive, Block 14. Said sidewalk shall be constructed
 in accordance with the provisions of Ordinance No. 47 of the City of Las Vegas
and in accordance With the plats and diagram of said work on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

Section 2. Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of ground
 fronting and abutting on said proposed improvement, and the cost thereof shall be
collected by special assessment, and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots and premises
 abutting on such improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage. The
cost and expense of such improvement shall include the cost of surveys, plans, assessment,
cost of construction, and all fees and compensation properly chargeable in the work of
making such special assessment. In case the amount of any special assessment upon any

lot or premises shall exceed twenty per cent (20%) of the value of such lot or premises



as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for the State and County taxation,



such cost exceeding said twenty per cent, shall be paid from the General Fund of the
City. The cost of the sidewalk at corners will also be paid from the General Fund of
the City.

Section 3. The assessment district for said improvement shall include the lots
and premises as follows:	Lots 17 to 32, both numbers inclusive, in Block 9; Lots 17

to 25, both number inclusive, and Lots 29 to 32, both numbers inclusive, in Block 10;

  Lots 17 to 20, both numbers inclusive, and lots 28 to 31, both numbers inclusive, and the
south five feet of lot 32, in Block 11; Lots 17 to 32, both numbers inclusive, in Block
12; Lots 23 to 32, both numbers inclusive, in Block number 14; and Lots 20 to 25, both
numbers inclusive, in Block number 15; all of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, Clark County,

Nevada.

Section 4. The work shall be done under contract to be let by this Board to the
lowest responsible bidder and upon such conditions as the Board of City Commissioners
may prescribe in the letting of such contract.

Section 5. A special assessment is hereby required to be made pro rata upon the

lots in the above described special assessment district according to frontage; and the

City Assessor is hereby directed immediately upon the passage of this Ordinance to make

such special assessment according to frontage, and he is hereby directed to assess the sum 



of Twenty-Six Hundred and five ($2605.00) Dollars, the sum being the amount hereby 
determined necessary to cover the cost of such improvement. From the date of the approval
of the assessment roil the special assessment shall constitute a lien upon the respective
 lots or premises or parcels of ground assessed.