when so required by said plumbing inspector.

Section 14. All excavations and trenches in any public street or alley for sewer connections
 shall be made subject to and in conformity with existing ordinances relating thereto, and to
any other ordinances or regulations that may be hereafter made concerning the sewer or excavations
in public streets or alleys.

Section, 15, All connections made with public sewers of said City shall be made in the following
manner and with such materials as are hereinafter set forth, to-wit:-

Pipe. All pipe shall be first class vitrified, salt glazed, socket of not less than four (4)

 inches in internal diameter and in pieces of two feet in length.

Bends. Proper bends shall be used in connecting the pipe leading to the house with the "Y"
said bends shall have an internal diameter of four (4) inches.

Materials. The material used shall be equal in quality and the manner of laying shall be up to
the standard for laying public sewers in the City of Las Vegas.

Grade and Line, the grade shall be straight from the property line to the public sewer and no
flatter than one quarter (¼) inch to the foot, unless otherwise allowed by the plumbing inspector.
Where laid within the limits of a street or alley it shall not be less than three (3) feet below
the established grade of the same, or below the surface if no grade is established, unless by special
permit in writing from the plumbing inspector in all cases the line of pipe must be straight from
the property line to bend at "Y".

Section 16. It is hereby declared unlawful for any person to make any connections with a public
sewer of said City of Las Vegas, without first having obtained a permit from the plumbing inspector
so to do, as herein provided, and any person who shall make any connection with a public sewer of
said City, in any manner other than hereinbefore prescribed, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished as hereinafter provided.

Section 17. It is hereby declared unlawful for any contractor or any person to make any connection

with any public sewer of the City of Las Vegas, until such sewer is fully completed and accepted:

provided, however, that when such contractor or person shall file with the City Clerk of said

City the written request of any owner of property abutting on the street in which said sewer is being

constructed, asking that the laterals from said sewer to the property line be laid, the Board of City

Commissioners may by resolution allow such work to be done, subject to the foregoing provisions of



this ordinance, as to the acceptance by the plumbing inspector of the plumbing to be connected therewith.
Section 18. It shall be unlawful for any person to wilfully injure, break, destroy, obstruct,
or remove or in any way interfere with any manholes, flushes or sceptic tank, tank or public
sewer of the City of Las Vegas, wether constructed on private ground or any streets, side walk,
or public park in said City, or to throw, deposit, or cause to be thrown or deposited in any manner
in any opening of such sewer, or any receptacle connected with such sewers, or to place or to suffer,
or cause to be placed in any house connections or in any private drains connected with such public
sewers, any garbage, offal, dead, animals, vegetables parings, grease, oil, ashes, rags or the
contents of any cesspool, or any bulky or solid substance of any kind whatever having a tendency
to obstruct the free flow of sewers, or in any wise to damage the same, and the plumbing Inspector
shall have the power to prevent the discharge into the public sewers any private sewer or drain
through which substance are discharged liable to injure the public sewer or to prevent the action
of the sceptic tank or to obstruct the flow of sewerage, and it shall be unlawful for any person
firm or corporation to connect any roof conductor, yard drain, carriage or automobile wash, area
drain, or any vehicle used for carrying off rain or surface water with any public sewer the
  City of Las Vegas or house drain leading thereto. It shall be unlawful for any person to connect
or cause to be connected with any public sewer of the City of Las Vegas, either directly or through
one or more of the private sewers, any property that is not in included in permits duly issued by

the proper authorities of the City of Las Vegas for the making of connections with public sewers.