Section 5. All peddlers or hawkers, vending vegetables, fruits, meats or other
farm products shall at all times equip the vehicles they may use in vending the same,
with screens and comply with all the sanitary conditions now required or which may hereafter
from time to time be required of retail merchants at their places of business.

Section 6. It is the meaning and intention of this Ordinance that all licenses
procured under said Ordinance shall fall due on each calendar quarter, and the City Clerk
is hereby directed not to issue licenses for a fractional quarter without having the
applicant pay for said fractional quarter in connect ion with the quarter immediately
following said fractional quarter.

Section 7. Nothing in this Ordinance shall apply to any farmer or producer who
sells or disposes of his own agricultural products including fruits or vegetables or of
beef, mutton or pork produced by him in the State of Nevada.

Section 8. Each section of this Ordinance and every part of each section is hereby
declared to be independent sections and parts of sections, and the holding of any section
or part thereof to be void, or ineffective for nay cause shall not be deemed to affect
nor shall it affect any other section or part thereof.

Section 9. All licenses mentioned in this Ordinance shall be printed in appropriate
form, with marginal stub attached, stitched together, and bound in books, and shall be
so printed that on issuance the date, number, amount, class, business and the names, or
name of the parties or party to whom the license is granted, the time for which the
same is granted, and all other necessary information reasonably required by the terms
of this Ordinance, shall be indicated, and they shall be signed, whan issues, by the
City Clerk, with the seal of said City affixed thereto.

Section 10. Any person, firm, association, or corporation opening, conducting,
maintaining, engaging in or carrying on the business in this Ordinance hereinbefore 
mentioned, without having obtained the license and permit from the City of Las Vegas as
hereinbefore provided, and paying the required license tax therefor, or any person
violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Three Hundred
Dollars ($300.00), and not exceeding the sum of Four Hundred Fifty Dollars ($450.00),
and in default of the payment of the fine, the Court may order the defendant imprisoned
in the City Jail of the City of Las Vegas one day for each two dollars of said fine
remaining unpaid, but mot to exceed six (6) months; provided, however, that nothing herein
 contained shall be construed to prevent the City of Las Vegas from recovering the
amount of any license tax herein required to be paid in a civil action brought for such
purpose as provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 11. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with this Ordinance
are hereby repealed.

Section 12. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and
adoption and publication for one week three issues, in Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly 
newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 13. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this City Ordinance No.

160 published for one week, three issues in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 5 day of July 1930 by the following vote:

Commissioners Smith, German, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye.

Noes none.

First reading June 5, 1930. Second and final reading 5 day of July 1930.



Approved this 5 day of July A.D. 1930.

J. F. Hesse._____

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

 Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) SS
County of Clark)

C. Russell Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is business
Manage, of the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance No. 160 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada was continuously published in said
newspaper for a period of one week from July 8, 1930 to July 15, 1903 inclusive, being the
issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 8-10-12, 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the charge for publishing the same was $104.00.

Signed C. Russell Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th day of august, 1930.

C. B. Breeze.

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nev.

My Commission expires May 26, 1931.