ORDINANCE 92A

	

	An Ordinance regulating and prohibiting the sale, use and possession of certain narcotic

drugs in the City of Las Vegas; prescribing a penalty for the violation thereof and other matters
relating thereto.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain, as follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person to sell, keep or give away, or offer to
sell, keep, or give away or to have in his or her possession in the City of Las Vegas any cannabis,
indica, cocaine, opium, yen shee, morphine, codeine, heroin, anhalonius, or any of the salts,
derivatives or compounds of the foregoing substances containing more than fifty per cent (50%) by
volume of any of the foregoing substances, excepting upon the written order or prescription of a
physician, surgeon dentist, or veterinary surgeon, licensed to practice in this State, which order
or prescription shall be dated and shall contain the name of the person for whom the prescription
is written and which shall be signed by the person writing said prescription, or if ordered by	

a veterinary surgeon, it shall state tine kind of animal for which ordered and shall be signed by
the person giving the said prescription. Provided, that this Ordinance shall not apply to sales
at wholesale by jobbers, wholesalers and manufacturers to pharmacies legally licensed and doing
business within the State of Nevada, or physicians or surgeons, nor to the sale at retail by
pharmacies to physicians, surgeons, dentists and veterinary surgeons, duly licensed to practice in
this State, or by pharmacists to persons having a prescription calling for the same duly signed by
any person duly authorized under the laws of this State to write such prescription.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person to smoke any opium in the City of Las
Vegas, or to have in his or her possession any opium pipe for the purposes of smoking opium in the
City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. Any persons violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be	

guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by a fine not less than
One Hundred Dollars ($100.00), nor more than Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment in
the city jail at the rate of one day for each two dollars of such fine remaining unpaid.

Section 4. In the event of the payment of a fine or the forfeiture of bail by any
person accused or convicted of the violation of any of the provisions of this Ordinance, the Board of
City Commissioners may by resolution, order the payment of the sum of Fifteen Dollars ($15.00)
from the amount of said fine or bail to the arresting or informing officer.

Section 5. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 6. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage adoption and
publication in the Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for one
week (one issue).

Section 7. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 92A published in the Las
Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for one week (one issue).

Passed and adopted this 21st day of June, 1922 by the following vote: Commissioners Arnold,

Hodgens and May Pro Tem Dentner voting aye. Noes, None. First reading Jane 7th, 1922. Second reading
June 21st, 1922.

Approved this 21st day of June, 1922.	W. H. DENTNER

Mayer Pro Tem, of the City of Las
Vegas.

Attest:

 FLORENCE S. DOHERTY
City Clerk