ORDINANCE NO. 61.	

An Ordinance to amend Section Six (6) of Ordinance No. Twenty seven (27) entitled "An Ordinance
fixing the Fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction and the keeping
and Storage of combustibles and Explosives."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as Follows:—

Section 1. That section Six (6) of Ordinance No. Twenty seven (27) of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction
 and the keeping of combustibles and explosives" be and the same is hereby amended by the
addition to said Section Six (6) the following words, to-wit:- Provided however no building shall be
erected in the fire limits until a permit thereof be first obtained from the Police and
Fire Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas.

An application for said permit shall be made on blanks furnished by the City of Las Vegas, by
the Owner, Lessee, Firm or corporation, or their or its duly authorized Agent, and plans and
specifications drawn and prepared to comply with the provisions of said ordinance No. Twenty Seven
(27) shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk. Upon the filing of an application, plans
and specifications in the office of the City Clerk, he shall notify the police and Fire Commissioner
that the said application, plans and specifications are on file ready for his inspection and action
thereon. It shall be the duty of the said Fire and Police Commissioner to examine said application,
plans and specifications and if he shall find from such examination that the proposed building,

when completed according to the said plans and specifications, will comply with the provisions of
said ordinance No. Twenty seven (27) he shall instruct the City Clerk to issue a permit as prayed for
in the said application. If the Police and Fire Commissioner upon examination of the said application,
plans and specifications finds that they do not comply with the provisions of said ordinance No.

Twenty seven (27) he shall return the said plans and specifications to the applicant together with
a written statement of his objections.

Section 2. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review a weekly newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

I, Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby certify
that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time before the board July 7th, 1915, 

second reading August 4th, 1915, and passed by the following vote: Commissioners Elwell, aye;

Ball, aye; Hicks, aye; and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, voting aye. Noes,  None.

(SEAL) Attest: Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.	Approved, W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Affidavit of Publisher.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
and that the Ordinance No. 61, of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true and correct
copy, was published in said paper one issue, on the following dates to-wit:- August 7th, 1915.

Chas. C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th day of August A.D. 1915.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.