or hippodrome in the City of Las Vegas without first having paid the license mentioned and
provided for in section 1, hereof, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and be subject to a fine
of not more than three hundred dollars and not less than one hundred dollars and be imprisoned
in the City Hall of said City for any period not exceeding one hundred days.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval

On motion of Stewart, seconded by McGovern, it was unanimously voted that this ordinance
shall be passed as an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows to-wit:- Coughlin, aye
Von Tobel, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye.

Dated this 6th, day of September A.D. 1911.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor.

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill being first duly sworn, deposes and says; that he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years: that he is the publisher of the Clark County,
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and that the ordinance No. 14, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the
attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper for one issue on the 9th, of
September A.D. 1911.

Chas. C. Corkhill.	

(SEAL)

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 15.

An ordinance to prevent the carrying of Concealed weapons in the City of Las Vegas.

The Board of  Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Any person who shall within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, carry concealed upon his or
her person, any revolver, pistol, dagger, dirk or brass or metal knuckles or other weapons
capable of inflicting bodily injury upon the person of any person, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor
, and upon conviction thereof, shall be fined in any sum not exceeding two hundred Dollars
or be imprisoned in the City Jail for any period of time not exceeding one hundred days.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval.
Upon motion of Stewart, seconded by Coughlin, unanimously voted by the entire Board that
this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows: Coughlin aye,

Von Tobel, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart, aye his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye,	

Dated this 6th, day of September A.D. 1911	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor

(SEA) Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas c. Corkhill being first duly sworn deposes and says that he is a citizen over the

age of 18 years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper of

general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that the

Ordinance, No. 15. of which the attached is a true and correct copy was published in said paper



for one issue on the 9th day of September A.D. 1911.	Chas C. Corkhill.

(SEA) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon

City Clerk.