ORDINANCE NO. 193.



An Ordinance prohibiting loud and unusual noises or the use or occupation of the public
  Street or places in the City of Las Vegas for advertising purposes.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Sec. 1. It shall be unlawful for any person, upon any street, sidewalk, alley, or
place in the City of Las Vegas, or in any doorway or entrance to any building opening
into any such street, sidewalk, alley or place or upon any lot or premises adjacent to
or fronting upon any such public street, sidewalk, alley or place, to cry, or proclaim
any goods, wares or merchandise, business or place of business, or to cry of proclaim
any show, exhibition, entertainment, tour, excursion, sightseeing trip, real estate or
oil well viewing or inspection trip, or any event for the purpose of commanding, announcing,
 advertising or calling attention to the same; provided, however, that nothing
in this ordinance contained shall be deemed or construed to prohibit persons engaged in
the selling, offering for sale, or disposing of newspapers upon any public street, sidewalk
 alley or place in said City from calling attention thereto in suck manner as is
customary and usual in the selling, offering for sale or disposing of newspapers in
said City.

Sec. 2. It shall be unlawful for any person upon any public street, sidewalk, alley
or place in the City of Las Vegas, or in any doorway or entrance to any building or from
the front or roof of any building, or from any open stand, upon any public street,
sidewalk, alley or place, to blow any bugle, horn or trumpet, or beat any drum, or ring
any bell, or to broadcast from any radio apparatus, or to make any other or unusual noise
for the purpose of advertising, announcing or calling attention to any goods, wares or
merchandise, or any business or place of business, or for the purpose of advertising
announcing or calling attention to any show, exhibition, entertainment or event, or to
operate in a loud and unusual manner the speaking apparatus in connection with the 
production of what is commonly known as talking pictures whether produced in an open air
or enclosed moving picture show building; provided that nothing in this ordinance shall
apply to the playing of music by a band or the blowing of a bugle or the operation
of a drum corps upon any public street or streets of said City, for which a special
 permit in writing to do so shall have been first issued by the Chief of Police of
said City, which permit shall specify the time and the place where such music may be
so played or such bugle may be blown or such drum corps operated; and provided further
that any regularly licensed peddler may call his wares in an ordinary tone of voice or
may ring a bell not exceeding 4 inches in diameter, or blow a horn not exceeding 8 inches
in length and not exceeding 4 inches in diameter at the large end, upon any public
street in said City in front of the residence of any customer of such peddler for the
purpose of calling the attention of such customer to the presence of such peddler in the
street in front of the residence of such customer.

Sec. 3. Any person who shall violate any of the provisions of this ordinance
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof, shall be fined in the
sum not to exceed $50.00, or to be imprisoned in the City jail for a term not to
exceed twenty-five days, or may suffer both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 4. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage
 and publication for a period of one week (six issues) in Las Vegas Age, a daily

newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.



Passed on second reading Nov. 8, 1932, upon the following vote: Commissioners
Mundy, German, Thomas, His Honor the Mayor Cragin, voting aye. Noes none.

First reading Oct. 26, 1932.

Approved Nov. 8, 1932.

E. W. Cragin, Mayor.

Attest:

Violet Burns, City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark )

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of
the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 193
of the City of Las Vegas was published in said newspaper for a period of one week from
No. 9, 1932 to Nov. 16, 1932 inclusive being the issues of sold newspaper on the following
dates, to-wit: Nov. 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, and 15, 1932.
hat said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the legal charge for publishing the same was $

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th day of Nov. 1932.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My commission Expries May, 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)