It shall be unlawful for any journeyman electrician to do electrical work in the
City of Las Vegas without first procuring a certificate thereof as herein provided. Every
application for a certificate as journeyman electrician within the City of Las Vegas shall
be made to the Electrical Inspector, and shall be issued by the Electrical Inspector only
when the applicant therefor shall by written examination have established to the satisfaction
of the Board of Examination aforesaid that such applicant possesses the qualifications
necessary to do the work of journeyman electrician within the said City and properly install
electrical wiring and electrical lighting and heating apparatus in accordance with the provisions
 of the then existing ordinances of the City of Las Vegas relating to such work, or
properly supervise the installation of electrical wiring and electrical lighting and heating
 apparatus. The fee for the examination for journeyman electrician shall be Five
Dollars ($5) and shall be paid to the Electrical Inspector upon application for certificated

Every person of the age of twenty-one years or over, engaged in work as master electrician
 or journeyman electrician in the City of Las Vegas at the time of the taking effect
of this Ordinance, shall apply for and receive a certificate of competency from said Board
of Examination before continuing such work, but shall not be required to submit to examination
 in order to receive the same. The provisions for taking out license and for annual
renewal of license of master electrician shall apply to the master electricians mentioned in
this paragraph. In case of the revocation of a certificate of competency, as herein provided
 for, such person shall submit to and pass an examination for competency before such
Board of Examination before being reinstated and having a new certificate issued to him.

The revocation of certificate of competency of a journeyman electrician may be had in the
same manner and with the same effect as hereinabove provided for the revocation of certificate
 of competency of master electrician."

Section 4. Section 6 of said Ordinance No. 161 is hereby amended so that the same
shall read as follows:

"Section 6 (a) Before any person who has received a certificate of competency shall
engage in the business of master electrician, such person shall pay to the City Clerk of
said City an annual license fee, as follows: 1. For every master electrician where his

business is carried on at a fixed place of business in the City of Las Vegas, in carrying on.
such business per annum, $100.00. 2. For every master electrician who does not at the

time of taking out of such license have a fixed place of business, per annum $200.00. When
such master electrician is employed by a firm or corporation and the license fee is paid by
such firm or corporation such license shall be issued in the name of such firm or corporation,
 and on such master ceasing work for such firm or corporation such license shall remain
 with such firm or corporation when issued in the name of such firm or corporation as
above provided. Such payment shall constitute the fee for he current calendar year, or
portion thereof, in which such license shall be issued. Any license issued to any master
electrician, firm or corporation as above provided, shall expire at the end of the calendar
year; provided, that upon payment of an annual license fee of Fifty Dollars ($50.00), such
license shall be renewed yearly until revoked. The license above provided shall be issued
by the City Clerk."

"(b) Every person, firm or corporation before obtaining a certificate as Master
Electrician", shall deposit with the City Clerk the sum of One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) in
cash as a guarantee for the payment of all fees or permits or inspections that may become
due and be owed by said certificate holder to the City of Las Vegas and as a further guarantee
 that all electrical work done under the authority of said certificate will be done
in compliance with all of the provisions and requirements of all the ordinances applicable
thereto. Such deposit shall at all times be maintained at One Hundred Dollars ($100.00),
and in the event said depositor shall discontinue business, said deposit shall be refunded to
such depositor, less any amounts due for fees or under any of the other provisions of this
Ordinance.

Section 5. Section 9 of said Ordinance No. 161 is hereby amended so that the same
shall read as follows:

"Section 9. Application for a license to engage in the business of selling electrical
 supplies, under Ordinances applicable thereto, shall be made to he City Clerk.

Section 6. A new section, to be known as Section 22a, is hereby added to said
Ordinance No. 161 byway of amendment, as follows:

Section 22a. Smaller than l½" x 3" outlet boxes shall not be used on any class of
work without special permission from the Electrical Inspector.

More than two cabins connected together by any means shall be wired in conduit.

All exposed outline lighting on buildings shall be wired in conduit and 
weatherproof conduits.

All buildings, residences and commercial buildings hereafter erected, having two
circuits or more, shall have a fuse panel installed in the building, preferably on back
porch of residence, and all circuits shall feed from this panel.

All ceiling fans hereafter installed shall be run on separate circuits.

Nothing but approved ground connections shall be used for ground connections, such
approval to be made by the Electrical Inspector.

BX shall not be used on sign work where it will be exposed to weather. Where rigid
 conduit is impractical Greenfield may be used provided lead covered wire is used.

All temporary work must be reported to the Electrical Inspector before work is

started.

Section 7. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions
of this ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 8. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and
adoption and publication for one week (six issues) in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published
 in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 17th day of September, 1931, by the following vote:
Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the Mayor, E. W. Cragin, voting aye. Noes
none. First reading July 6, 1931. Second and final reading September 17, 1931.

Approved this 17th day of September, 1931.

E. W. Cragin_____________________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk (City seal)