ORDINANCE NO. 176

An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the ex-officio Assessor of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment to defray
 the costs of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and
surfacing with road mixed oil graveled surface and constructing hydraulic cement concrete
curb and gutter (Combined) on certain streets and portions of streets in said City, according
to the plats, diagrams and estimates of cost thereof on file in the office of the City
Clerk of the City of Las Vegas; describing definitely the location of said improvements,
stating the amounts of said assessment, and designating the lots, lands and premises to be
assessed according to benefits; providing for the payment thereof, and other matters relating
 thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the costs of making certain improvements in
the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and surfacing with road mixed oil graveled surface
and constructing hydraulic cement concrete curb and gutter (combined), according to the
plats, diagrams and estimates of cost heretofore prepared, and adopted by the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and on file in the office of the City Clerk of said
City, according to the terms of Ordinance No. 171 of the City of Las Vegas, approved August
4, 1931, the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized
 and directed to forthwith levy the special assessment in the amount hereinafter specified,
 against the owners and upon the lots, lands and premises, hereinafter designated and
described according to benefits. Said special assessment shall be levied upon the taxable
lots, property and premises situate in the special assessment district created by the terms
of said Ordinance No. 171, benefitted by said improvements proportionately to the benefits
received; provided, however, that in no case shall the said Ex-Officio Assessor levy any
special assessment upon any such lots, lands or premises, exceeding fifty per cent (50%) of
the value of such lots, lands or premises as last before valued and assessed for state and
county taxation in the County Tax Roll; but such costs over and above and exceeding that per
cent shall be paid from the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. The Ex-Officio City Assessor shall assess the taxable lots, property and
premises situate in the special assessment district, created by the terms of said Ordinance
No. 171, benefitted by said improvements proportionately to the benefits received, that is
to say, such Ex-Officio Assessor shall assess upon each lot, parcel of land or premises
such relative portion of the whole stun to e levied as shall be proportionate to the estimated
 benefit resulting to such lot, parcel of land or premises from the said improvement.

Section 3. In levying the assessments as in this Ordinance provided, the Ex-Officio
Assessor shall prepare a Special Assessment Roll therefor, and after he shall have completed
 the Assessment as herein provided and completed the said special assessment Roll, he
shall report the same to the Board of City Commissioners as provided for by law and upon
receiving such report and special assessment roll, the said Roll shall be numbered and filed
in the office of the City Clerk, and the Board of City Commissioners shall cause notice
thereof to the published for at least two weeks in some newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas, of the filing of the same with the City Clerk, and appointing a time when the
Board of City Commissioners and the Ex-Officio Assessor will meet to review the assessment,
and any person objecting thereto may be heard, or any person objecting to the assessments,
may file his or her objection thereto in writing, with the City Clerk.

Section 4. At the time appointed for the purpose of reviewing said assessments and
considering any objections thereto made at said time or filed in writing, the Board of City
Commissioners and said Ex-Officio Assessor shall meet and then, or at some adjourned meeting,
 review said assessments, and will hear any objections to s aid assessments, which have
been made or filed as aforesaid by any person deeming himself aggrieved thereby, and will
decide upon the same as to any assessment, or description of the premises, appearing necessary
 therein, and will confirm it as reported or as corrected, or will refer the assessment
back to the Ex-Officio Assessor for revision or annul it and direct a new assessment to be
made; and when said assessment shall be confirmed, the City Clerk shall make an endorsement,
upon the Roll showing said confirmation and the same shall be final and conclusive; the City
Clerk shall then deliver the same to the county assessor, acting ex-officio city assessor,
with her certificate of confirmation, and the County Assessor, acting ex-officio city
Assessor, shall thereupon record said assessment roll in his office and append thereto his
certificate of the date of recording. Said Roll when so endorsed and recorded, shall be
prima facie evidence in all Courts and Tribunals of the regularity of the proceedings, 
preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of said Assessment and Assessment Roll.

Section 5. Upon the confirmation and recording of the said Assessments and Assessment
 Roll as by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas provided, the Assessments shall be at
once due and payable, and from the date of said confirmation and recording, shall constitute
 and be a lien upon the lot or parcel of land and premises assessed, together with the
legal interest thereon, and shall be charged against the persons and properties until paid.

Section 6. The several lots and premises, together with their location, the name of
the present owner, and the approximate amounts to be assessed thereon, are as follows:

A. The amount to be assessed against the owners and upon the lots and premises,
according to benefits, in said special assessment district for grading for and surfacing
with road mixed oil graveled surface and constructing hydraulic cement concrete curb and
gutter (combined) therein is Eight Thousand One Hundred Thirty and 92/100 Dollars
($8130.92) and the several lots and premises, with their location, the name of the present
recorded owner, and the approximate amounts to be assessed thereon, are as follows:

In Bucks Subdivision:

Lots 1 and 2, Block 14, S. P. Smiley, owner, assessment, Lot 1, $213.02, Lot 2,
$156.21, total $369.23.

Lot 3, Block 14, Thomas O. Harland, owner, assessment $99.41.

Lot 4, Block 14, W. E. Fitzgerald, owner, assessment, $42.60.

Lot s 13, 14, 15 and 16, Block 14, Jessie N. Hunt, owner, assessment Lot 13, $42.60,
Lot 14, $99.41, Lot 15, $156.21, Lot 16, $213.02, total $511.24.

Lots 5, 6, and 7, Block 15, F. A. Wait, owner, assessment, Lot 5, $42.60, Lot 6,
$99.41, Lot 7, $156.21, total $298.22.

Lot 8, Block 15, George Markich, owner, assessment, $213.02.

Lot 9, Block 15, Mrs. Kate Johnson, owner, assessment $213.02.