laying and maintains of allwater pipes and apparatuses, and specify the sizes laid under the
streets, alleys, roads, highways or sidewalks and to order extensions of mains made within the
City limits as in there judgement they shall deem just and proper, and to require that proper
and efficient service is given to all consumers from where water rentals and charges are collected
(c) The municipal authorities shall have the power to change the rules and regulations from time
to time as in their judgement may seem just and proper, and all rules formulated by the grantee



shall be approved by the municipality before being pit in effect. Section 5. The

rights and privileges herein granted shall continue in force and effect for the term of twenty-

five years from and after the date of the granting of this franchise. Sections 6. There may

be a charge of not to exceed Five dollars allowed for each tapping of water mains, and such 

tapping shall include carrying pipe and water to property lines. Section 7. Water for all public

municipal buildings and grounds and public parks, for flushing of public sewers, for streets

sprinkling, for one public drinking fountain, for one public water through for the extinguishing

of fires, and for fire practice or testing of fire plugs shall be free; provided, however, that

there may be a charge agreed upon for each fire hydrant of not to exceed Six Dollars per year,

when a minimum pressure of Seventy five pounds per square inch shall maintained. Section 8.

That the expiration of fifteen years after the passage of this ordinance, and at the expiration

of each succeeding five years thereafter the said City shall have the right to purchase said works

and system, provided it notify the said person to whom this franchise is granted or his assigns

of its intention so to do, at least one year before the expiration of said period or periods of years.

In order to establish the value of said water works and system the person to whom this franchise

is granted, or his assigns, and the said City of Las Vegas shall appoint one person each, and the

two appointees shall choose a third, and the three persons thus chosen shall be practical water

system men, shall constitute a board to determine the value of said works and system and works,

the cost of erection or installation of a new system and works of like character, the earing

capacity of said works and system, and all other facts and considerations legitimately connected

with the said works and system. And for that purpose it shall nave access to the books of the person

to whom this franchise is granted, or his assigns, to ascertain the facts above mentioned. The

City shall within sixty days after the said board has rendered its decision, pay the amount awarded

in cash, and upon such payment the said Philip K. Buck, his successors or assigns shall transfer

to the said City of Las Vegas all their said rights and privileges and property included in said

appraisement. Section 9. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after

its passage an publication and acceptance, and Philip K. Buck shall pay the expense of publishing

the same. Acceptance hereof by said grantee shall be filed in writing with the City Clerk

within thirty days from the date of passage. Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this

sixth day of March, 1912. upon the following vote: ayes: Commissioners Coughlin, Stewart, McGovern



Von Tobel, and Mayor Peter Buol. aye. First reading February 7th, 1912. second reading March
6th, 1912.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor

(CITY SEAL)

ATTEST: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publisher.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; that he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years, that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review

a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
and that the ordinance No. 26. of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, of which the attached is a true
copy was published in said paper one issue on the following dates to-wit:- March 9th, 1912.

	Chas. C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2oth, day of April A.D. 1912.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.