voting, aye,

Read the first time June 5th, 1912.

Read the second time July 3rd, 1912.	Approved, Peter Buol. Mayor.

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

( SEAL)

Affidavit of Publisher.





Ordinance No. 33.

An Ordinance Regulating the Distribution of Intoxicating Liquors, 

and Regulating places
where such Liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses, and repealing Ordinance No. 3, and all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. For the purposes of this Ordinance a retail liquor establishment and a 
wholesale liquor establishment are defined as follows:

A retail liquor establishment is defined to be a place where spirituous, vinous, malt or
mixed intoxicating liquors are sold, served or given away to be consumed only upon the premises;
provided that such liquors may be sold or given away in quantities not to exceed four and
nine tenths gallons to the same person or for the same persons use at any one time, to be
consumed off the premises, and contained in sealed or corked packages or in buckets.

A wholesale liquor establishment is defined to be a place where spirituous, vinous, malt
or mixed intoxicating liquors are sold, served or given away, or distributed from, in quantities
not less than five gallons, contained in sealed or corked packages or kegs, and not to be consumed
upon the premises where so sold, served, given away, or distributed from.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, corporation, social club or association

of persons of any kind whatsoever, to sell, serve or give away, or cause, or permit to be



served or given away, any spirituous, vinous, malt or intoxicating liquors in the City of Las
Vegas without a license so to do; provided, that such liquors may be served by a private family
in its home as a part of it's family life; and provided further, that the provisions of this 
section shall not apply to the sale or giving away therein by a druggist or druggist's clerk,
entitled to practice pharmacy under the laws of the State of Nevada, of pure alcohol (with or
without a physician's prescription) for medicinal, mechanical or scientific uses; nor shall
the provisions of this section extend to physicians, surgeons, apothecaries, or Chemists, as to
any wines or spirituous liquors which they may use in the preparation or compounding of medicines.

Proof of the possession by the person or persons charged with a violation of this Section
of a license, commonly called a Federal Liquor License, covering the selling, serving, giving
away, or distribution of spirituous, vinous, malt or mixed intoxicating liquors, issued by the
Internal Revenue Department of the United States to the said person or persons charged as
aforesaid with a violation of this Section, and in effect at the time and place alleged in the