AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) SS



County of Clark)

 C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher
of Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
No. 163 was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of three issues
from Sept. 9 to Sept. 13 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
 dates, to-wit Sept. 9, 11, and 15th 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named. That the charge for publishing the same was $22.00.

Signed C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of Sept. 1930

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1931.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 164. 	

	

An Ordinance amending Section A of Ordinance No. 136 entitled, "An Ordinance
creating the office of City Electrical Inspector, and prescribing his duties, creating
and Establishing the Bureau, providing for the issuance of permits for installing electrical
 construction and fixing the fees therefore: regulating the installation of
electrical construction, maintenance, and repair of electrical wiring, apparatus or
equipment for light, heat, power, within, upon, or attached to buildings, structures,
lots or premises, within the City of Las Vegas, and providing a penalty for the violation
  of this Ordinance."

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section X of the above entitled Ordinance No. 157 is hereby amended to read
as follows:

Section 1. The City Electrical Inspector shall hold office during the pleasure
 of the Board of City Commissioners. He must qualify within ten days from the time
of his appointment by taking the constitutional oat of office and filing a bond in the
sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) with the City Clerk, the same to be approved
by the said Board of City Commissioners, The City Electrical Inspector shall be entitled
to receive and shall be paid monthly an amount equal to the fees collected hereunder
each month, up to but not exceeding Two Hundred Dollars ($200.00) and such amount shall
be full compensation for all services rendered, provided, however, that the City shall
be liable for and shall pay said Inspector the difference between the amount of fees
collected hereunder and the sum of One Hundred ($100.00) Dollars for each and every
month that the fees so collected do not amount to the sum of One Hundred ($100.00)
Dollars; provided further that the City shall not be liable in any respect for the difference
 between the amount of the fees collected and the aforesaid sum of Two Hundred
($200.00) Dollars.

Section 2. All Ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the 
provisions of this Ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 3. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage
and adoption and publication for a period of one week, (three issues) in Lias Vegas Age
a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 6 day of September A.D. 1930 by the following
vote of the Board of City Commissioners:

Commissioners German, Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye.

Noes none.

First reading August 21, 1930.

Final reading September 6, 1930.

Approved this 6 day of September, 1930.

_______J. F. Hesse.________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)