Commissioners Martin and Brickie and Mayor Pro tem Ireland, voting aye, Noes none.

First reading July 6,1921.

Second reading July 20,1921.

(seal)	Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk.

Approved this 20th day of July, 1921.

Chas. Ireland, Mayor pro tem of the City of Las Vegas.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
and that the Ordinance No. 84 of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached is a true and
correct copy, was published in said paper one consecutive issue, on the following date, to-wit:

July 23, 1921.

Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23rd day of July, A.D. 1922,

Florence S. Doherty,

	City Clerk.

	ORDINANCE NO. 85

 An Ordinance to regulate the Construction, Reconstruction, Moving, Alteration, Maintenance
use and Occupancy of Dwellings in the City of Las Vegas, and to provide Penalties for the Violation
thereof.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Every dwelling hereafter erected within the City of Las Vegas, shall be provided
 with one water-closet for each family living therein.

"Dwelling" is defined as follows:

(a) Any house or building, or any portion thereof, which contains not more than two 
apartments, or not more than five guest rooms, or

(b)	Any house or building, or any portion thereof, not more than one story in height, which
contains more than two apartments, or,

(c)	Any house or building, or any portion thereof, of more than one story and not more
than two stories in height, which is designed, built, rented, leased, let or hired out to be
occupied, or is occupied, as the home or residence of not more than four families, (four apartments)
and which is so arranged that each of said families live independently of each other, and which building
 is constructed and arranged so that a separate section is or may be kept as a home or a residence
of a separate family. Each such section having an entirely independent and separate entrance, and

if a stairway is required, one separate stairway leading to each section from the street or from an
outside vestibule on the level of the first floor of said building, and with no room, hallway, bathroom,
 water-closet or kitchen used in common by two or more families occupying the same building,

"Apartment" is a room or suite of rooms which is occupied, or is intended or designed to be
occupied dry one family for living and sleeping purposes.

"Building" is a dwelling.

"Family" is one person living alone or a group of two or more persons living together in an
apartment, whether related to each other by birth or not.

"Guest" is any person hiring and occupying a room for sleeping purposes, and shall include
both boarders and lodgers.

"Guest room", is a' room which is occupied, or is intended arranged or designed to be
occupied, for sleeping purposes by one or more guests.

"Person" is a natural person, his heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, also
includes a firm, partnership or a corporation, it or their successors or assigns.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person to make any alterations or changes of any
kind whatsoever, to any dwelling erected prior to the passage of this ordinance, or to any dwelling
hereafter erected, in any manner, which would be inconsistent with any of the provisions of this
ordinance or in violation of the said provisions of this ordinance.

Section 3. A building not erected for, or which is not used as a dwelling at the time of the
passage of this ordinance, if hereafter converted to or altered for such use shall thereupon become
subject to all the provisions of this ordinance affecting a dwelling hereafter erected.