AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

W. F. Rector, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Foreman of the Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and
that the Ordinance No. 88 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said
paper one consecutive issues, on the following dates, to-wit: March 17, 1922.

W. F. Rector

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of March, A.D. 1922,

(notarial seal)	Leo A. McNamee,

Notary Public in and for Clark County
My commission expires Aug. 20,1923.	Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO. 89

An Ordinance to Repeal Subdivision (43) of Section seven of Ordinance No. 48 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the purpose of regulation
 and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried
on within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of
license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment
for carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. l,
2, 4, 13, 14, and 35" approved December 15, 1913, as such subdivision (43) is created and enacted by
Ordinances No. 81 of the City of Las Vegas, approved June 15, 1921.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN, AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Subdivision (43) of Section seven of said Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las
Vegas, as such Subdivision (43) is created and enacted by Ordinance No. 81 of the City of Las Vegas,
approved June 15th, 1921, is hereby repealed.

Section 2. The repeal of said subdivision (43) hereby effected shall not effect any act
done, or offense committed or the prosecution of a criminal or civil action or proceeding commenced
before this Ordinance takes effect, but all offenses in violation of said subdivision (43) committed
 prior to the taking effect of this ordinance may be prosecuted to judgment and penalty imposed
and such judgment and penalty enforced in accordance with the provisions of said subdivision (43)
as it existed at the time of the commission of such offense or the violation of said subdivision (43).

Section 3. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after the 31st day
of March, 1922, and after the passage thereof shall be published for a period of one week (one Issue)
in Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 15th day of March, 1922, upon the following
vote: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and His Honor the Mayor pro tem DENTNER voting aye. Noes,
none.

First reading March 3, 1922. Second Reading March 15th, 1922.

Approved:	W. H. Dentner,

Attest:		 Mayor pro tem

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.

(seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

W. F. Rector, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United States,
over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Foreman of the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper
 of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that
the Ordinance No. 89 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper
one consecutive issues, on the following dates, to-wit: March 17, 1922.

W. F. Rector,

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of March, A.D. 1922.

Leo A. McNamee

My commission expires Aug. 20, 1923.	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

(notarial seal)