and his His Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye,

Dated this 6th, day of September A.D. 1911.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor

Attest:-- Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says that he is a citizen of the
United states over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County ,Nevada
and that the ordinance No. 12, of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, of which the attached
is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper for one issue on the September 9th A.D. 1911

Chas C. Corkhill.

(BEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A, Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 13,

Ordinance To amend ordinance No. l, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Being an ordinance entitled "An ordinance fixing the Licenses on Divers Businesses and
Occupations pursued in Las Vegas, Nevada"

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

That section 2, of Ordinance No. 1, of said City of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby
amended by adding thereto the following, viz:

For each dealer in coal oil, gasoline or other derivative or by product of petrolum, $3.25
per quarter.	

For each pawn shop, $5.00 per quarter.	

For each employment agency $7.50 per quarter.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval

Upon motion of  of Stewart, seconded by Coughlin, it was unanimously voted by the entire
Board that this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, the vote being as follows to-wit:- Coughlin,
aye, Von Tobel aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye,

Dated the sixth day of September A.D. 1911.

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says that he is over the age of 18
years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation
 printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada, and the the ordinance No. 13,
of which the attached is a true copy was published & said paper for one issue on the September 9th, A.D. 1911.	Chas C. Corkhill.

Subscribed ad sworn to me before me this 9th day of September A.D. 1911

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance, No. 14,



An ordinance to license shows, circuses, menageries and other exhibitions in the City of
Las Vegas,

The Board of Commissioners' of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

1,	Any proprietor, lessee or manager of any show, menagerie, hippodrome or circus intending
 to exhibit any performance or exhibition in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall pay to the
City Treasurer of said City the sum of twenty five dollars as a license fee for the privilege of
showing and exhibiting such shows, menagerie, hippodrome or circus for one day.

2,	Any person, firm or corporation who shall hold or exhibit any show, menagerie circus 