

SOLICITORS LICENSE
REDUCTION
Lee Olmstead

The request of Lee Olmstead, Nutrilite distributor, for reduction of solicitors license
fee was considered by the Board at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved the license be reduced to $5.00 for this quarter and Mr.
Olmstead report again on his sales and make adjustment next quarter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPOINTMENT OF PLUMBING Commissioner Sharp moved the following men be named to serve on the Plumbing Board:

BOARD

MILES NAY
JOHN RITTER
HY FORGERON
JAMES LOUDER
STANLEY ISOM

Master Plumber
Master Plumber
Journeyman
Layman
Journeyman

BOARD OF EXAMINERS
& APPEALS

SOLICITORS LICENSE
REDUCTION
T. R. Couch

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Francis Brown be appointed to fill the vacancy left by

A. R. Ruppert as the Heating and Ventilating Engineer on the Board of Examiners and Appeals.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the request of Mr. T. R. Couch for reduction of
solicitors license fee.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this request for reduction of solicitors license fee be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, harp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CATHOLIC CHURCH PROPERTY At this time the Board considered the matter of the Catholic Church property and it was

decided that Commissioners Jarrett and Sharp would meet with the representatives of the
Catholic Church on January 22, 1954

OUTSIDE STORAGE YARD
Phelps

10th & Fremont
✓

REJECTION OF BID
Addition & Alteration
of City Hall

Commissioner Bunker moved the outside storage yard at 10th and Fremont be referred to
the City Attorney for appropriate action.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the award of bid for the alteration and addition to City Hall was considered by t
the Board. Considerable discussion was held.

Commissioner Sharp moved to reject all bids for addition and alteration to the City Hall.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Sharp
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

.......... .......

Mayor

1-20-54

PAYROLL WARRANTS



SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 3, 1954

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this
3rd day of February, 1954 was called to order at the hour of 7:45 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

C. D. Baker
Wendell Bunker
Rex A. Jarrett
Harris P. Sharp
Reed Whipple

City Manager
City Attorney
City Clerk

George Rounthwaite
Howard W. Cannon
Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 2875 to 3245 in the net amount of
$45,781.47 he approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 51065 to 51220 inclusive
in the total amount of $92,496.58 be approved with the exception that No. 51217 in the
amount of $21.65 be excluded, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that minutes of January 20, 1954 he approved, as corrected,
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded hy Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING  This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the change of name of Clos
STREET NAME CHANGE	Road to Western Street, the matter was considered by the Board.

Clos Rd to Western St.

2-3-54