WHEREAS, the owners of more than one-half the property to be assessed have not filed written

objections concerning the making of said improvements, the creation of said District, or the

defraying of the entire cost and expense by special assessments; and

WHEREAS, no objections, suggestions, comments nor questions were made or raised at said protest
hearing; and

Whereas, said Board has done all things necessary and preliminary to the creation of said
Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-5, and now desires to create said District;

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. There shall be and there hereby is created a special assessment district in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to be called and designated Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment
District No. 200-5, which shall include all the lots, premises and property to their full depth;
fronting, adjoining and abutting and easements, upon the following streets and portions of streets,/
all within the City of Las Vegas.

In Ashby Avenue from 115.17 feet east of the center line of Cashman Drive to Strong Drive; in
the easement on the west side of lots 3 and 16, block 1, 385.00 feet north to existing sanitary
sewer 6.00 feet north of the center line of Charleston Boulevard; in Campbell Drive, 385.00 feet
north to existing sanitary sewer 6.00 feet north of the center line of Charleston Boulevard; in Cahlan Drive 385.00 feet north to existing sanitary sewer 6.00 feet north of the center line of Charleston
Boulevard; in Strong Drive from Ashby Avenue 663.55 feet north to the existing sanitary sewer 6.00
feet north of the center line of Charleston Coulevard; all of above described area lying wholly
within the McNeil Tract Subdivision.

Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-5 shall include all the lots, premises
and property to the full depth of each, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said streets and
parts of streets and easements, excepting;

In the McNeil Tract as shown by the Records of the County Recorder's Office, Clark County,

Nevada

(1)	Lots 1 and 3, Block 1, which abut the easement along the west side of lot 3,

Block 1

(2)	Lot 8, Block 1 and Lot 1, Block 2, which abut and adjoin Campbell Drive

(3)	Lot 13, Block 2 and Lot 1, Block 3, which adut and adjoin Cahlan Drive

(4)	Lot 8, Block 3, which abuts and adjoins Strong Drive

And also the unsubdivided area abutting and adjoining Strong Drive on the East side thereof,
extending 200 feet south of Charleston Boulevard.

Section 2. That the said sewer improvement shall be made by installing a sanitary
sewerin and along the following streets and parts of streets and easements, said sewer to be
composed of eight inch vitrified clay pipe, together with such appurtenances as may be required,
as is more particularly shown by the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be
improved, now on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the streets and parts of streets and easements in and along which
the Board proposes to install eight inch vitrified clay pipe, are the following:

In Ashby Avenue from 115.77 feet east of the center line of Cashman Drive to Strong

Drive; in the easement on the west side of lots 3 and 16, block 1, 385.00 feet north
to existing sanitary sewer 6.00 feet north of the center line of Charleston Boulevard; in Cahlan

Drive 385.00 feet north to existing sanitary sewer 6.00 feet north of the center

line of Charleston Boulevard; in Strong Drive. From Ashby Avenue 663.55 feet north

of the center line of Charleston Boulevard; all of the above described area lying
wholly within the McNeil Tract Subdivision.

Section 4. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, including
all incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed, including, with-
out limiting the generality of the foregoing, the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, the
costs of construction, and the fees and compensation properly charged in the work of making
special assessments, shall be defrayed by special assessments made according to benefits
against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such
improvements and included within said District. The entire cost and expense of making said
improvements are deemed to be $27,946.90 and the total of the special assessments so levied
shall be in that amount.

Section 5. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such
lot or premises exceed 50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax
list or assessment Roll for State and County taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall
be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the General Fund.

Section 6. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nevada,
the acting Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare, and
is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to make forthwith, and assessment roll in the
manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las, Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot
or parcel of land embraced within the aforementioned special assessment district, such
relative portion of the whole sum to be levied in said district as shall be proportionate to
the estimate benefit resulting to such lot or parcel of land from the improvement.

Section 7. That when said Ex-officio City Assessor shall have completed the
assessment, he shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

Such report shall be signed by him and made in the form of a certificate endorse on the
assessment roll, which certificate shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas.