There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the
meeting adjourned.

APPROVED:

	Las Vegas, Nevada

January 21, 1953



A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this
21st day of January, 1953, was called to order at the hour of 7:4.0 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor C.D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor C.D. Baker
Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett
Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner Reed Whipple

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
City Manager C.W. Shelley
Asst. City Mgr. Dora Lord
City Clerk Shirley Ballinger

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1390 to 1396 inclusive in

the net amount of $34,918.58 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Bunker moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 2366 to 2370 inclusive

WARRANTS	in the total amount of $29,368.73 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized

to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Jarrett, Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Bunker moved the Minutes of December 30, 1952, January 7, 15, 1953

be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING - Public Hearing
Proposed Paradise Park
Subdivision

His Honor asked if there was any one present who wished to protest the petition
for rezoning. There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the above described property be rezoned from
R-l to R-3.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the petition for rezoning
from R-l to R-3 of the proposed subdivision Paradise Park, described as follows, to-wit:

That portion of the southerly 365 feet of the SE1/4 SW1/4

Section 3, T 21 S, R 61 E, MDB&M as measured at right
angles to the south line of said SE1/4 SW1/4 bounded on the
East by Van Patten Tract 1 and on the West by Paradise
Village Tract 3 and 4.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-18

Hearing on Assessment
Roll

SALE OF CITY PROPERTY
Protest Withdrawn

VACATION PETITION
Alley - Blk 1
Meadows Addn.

CHILD NURSERIES

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the assessment roll for Assessment District
No. 100-18 be recessed until a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners to be held
February 18, 1953, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. Russell Taylor, Commander of the American Legion Post No. 8 appeared
before the Board regarding the protest of said American Legion against the sale by the
City of Block 8, Biltmore Addition, Annex No. 3. The aforementioned protest was filed
with the Board on January 7, 1953.

Mr. Taylor stated that the American Legion wished to withdraw objection to the sale
of this property.

At this time a petition of the Vacation of the east-west alley in Block 1 of Meadows
Addition was presented to the Board for consideration.

Mr. Russell Taylor appearing on behalf of the American Legion requested favorable
consideration of this matter.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the petition for vacation of the east-west valley
in Block 1, Meadows Addition be referred to the Regional Planning Commission for their
recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote;

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Father Carmody, advisor to the Child Welfare Board of the City of Las Vegas appeared before
the Board at this time to request the following:

1.	Adoption of the proposed standards for child care.

2.	Permission for the Child Welfare Board to issue permits
to those who care for children, but do not come under
the jurisdiction of Ordinance No. 503.

3.	Approval of the Child Welfare Board’s recommendation on
existing nurseries in order that licenses can be issued.

Discussion was held on the matter. Thereafter His Honor appointed Commissioners
Peccole and Whipple to meet with the Child Welfare to confer on the adoption of