Section 4. That the special assessment district which it is proposed to
create shall be designated Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-21
and it shall include all the lots, premises and property, to the full depth of
such, fronting, adjoining, and abutting upon said streets and parts of streets.

The boundaries of said proposed Assessment District are as follows:

Beginning at a point where the west line of the Southeast
Quarter (SE¼) Of Section 32, Township 20 South, Range 61
East, Mount Diablo Base and Meridian intersects with
Palomino Lane thence East along Palomino Lane including
all property on both sides thereof to the West right of way
line of Rancho Road to the West line of Tonopah Drive,
thence North along the west line of Tonopah Drive to the center
line of Alta Drive, thence West along the center line of
Alta Drive to the West line of the Southeast quarter (SE¼)
of Section 32, Township 20 South, Range 6l East, MDB&M,
thence South to the point of beginning.

Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams, and
plans of the work and locality to be improved, together with the estimates
of the expense thereof, on file in her office for public inspection and
examination.

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the
City Hall in said City on Monday, the 6th day of April, 1953, at the hour of
8:00 o'clock P.M., to hear and consider any suggestions and objections that may
be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters
relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters
relating thereto, may be filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at
any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said
estimates, plats, diagrams, and plans with the City Clerk for examination, of
the proposed improvement or work, of the location of the improvement, of the
district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider
any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the
proposed improvements. Said notice shall be given by publication once a week
for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in
said City of Las Vegas, and also by posting said notices in at least three
public places near the site of said proposed work.

Section 8. That all by laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts
of by laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances in conflict with this ordinance,
are hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of
this ordinance shall for any reason be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment
shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance,
but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses
or parts on this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability
and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any
one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability
and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las
Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its
inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said
streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this
ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health
and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week
for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption, in
the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance
shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 25th day of March, 1953.

(SEAL)

Attest:

s/ C.D. BAKER
Mayor

s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

Commissioner Bunker then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance.
The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with
the following result:	Those voting aye:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole,

Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent: None. Those voting Nay; None.