FAIRDALE SUBDIVISION
Tentative Map



PARADISE GROVES
Final Map

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-11

Resolution confirming
Assessment Roll

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-18

Resolution Confirming
Assessment Roll

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 10th day of April, 1953, Frank and Wilhelmine Lobe filed an
application with the Regional Planning Commission for Use Permit to construct and
maintain two professional offices at 228 South 4th Street, legally described as
Lots 19,20,21 and 22 of Block 29, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite; and

WHEREAS, on April 23, 1953 the Regional Planning Commission voted to approve
this application for Use Permit inasmuch as it was felt that this use would not be
detrimental to surrounding property; and

WHEREAS, on April 29, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission filed its decision
recommending that such Use Permit be approved*

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that the application of Frank and Wilhelmine Lobe to construct and main-
tain two professional offices at 228 South 4th Street, legally described as Lots
19,20,21 and 22 of Block 29, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, be and the same hereby
is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Fairdale Village Subdivision be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following voter Com-
missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Paradise Groves be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Peccole

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution confirming the Assessment Roll
on District No. 100-11, as amended, be adopted:



RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Nevada,
and the officers thereof, have taken action to improve certain streets and parts
of streets therein; and

WHEREAS, said City has created Street Improvement Assessment District No.

100-11 for the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said City assessed the entire cost and expense of making said im-
provements, including all incidental expenses which may be legally included in
the sums assessed against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property
specially benefited by such improvements and included within said District; and

WHEREAS, the said assessment roll was filed with the City Clerk on the 15th
day of April, 1953, and

WHEREAS, notice of said filing and the public hearing on said assessment roll
were duly published and held as required by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas;
and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to confirm the said assessment roll.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a recessed regular meeting thereof, held on the 6th day of May, 1953,
that Assessment Roll No. 23-1953 be and the same hereby is confirmed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk shall endorse said confirmation
on the said roll and forward the same to the County Assessor, Ex-Officio City Ass-
essor for the placing of said assessments on the official rolls of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada.

DATED at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 6th day of May, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution confirming the Assessment
Roll on District No* 100-18, as amended, be adopted:

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Nevada,
and the officers thereof, have taken action to improve certain streets and parts
of streets therein; and

WHEREAS, said City has created Street Improvement Assessment District No.
100-18 for the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said City assessed the entire cost and expense of making said improvements,
including all incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums ass-
essed against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially
benefited by such improvements and included within said District; and