SALARY INCREASES

Commissioner Bunker moved the Salary Increases be approved pursuant to the
recommendation of City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

CITY MANAGER'S REPORT Commissioner Peccole moved that Perliter & Soring be hired to prepare the
Sewer System	Sewer Estimates of the City of Las Vegas up to date with recommendations

/	for future sewer estimate plans.

FIRE CHIEF CASE
Leave of Absence

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;noes, none.

Chief Case requested 90 days Leave of Absence beginning on the 5th day of
January, 1953. If His Health is no better Chief Case will turn in his resignation.

Commissioner Peccole the request of Chief Case be approved.

Motion seconded toy Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ELECTRICAL SPECIFICATION City Manager submitted the Electrical Spcifications for installation of lights

in Subdivisions and Residential as prepared by the City Electrician and City Engineers.

The specifications were approved by the City Engineer.



There being no further business to come before the Board at this time Commissioner
Peccole moved the meeting adjourn.

PAYROLL WARRANTS

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote;

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye, noes, none.

ATTEST:	Baker, Mayor

November 19, 1952

Shirley Ballinger, City Clerk	.

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this
19th day of November, 1952, was called to order at the hour of 7:45 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor C.D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor C.D. Baker
Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner Reed Whipple

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon

City Manager Chet Shelley

Ass't City Mgr.Dora Lord

Dep. City Clerk Grace Valenziano

Chief Dep. City Clerk Bernice Stimson

Absent: Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett

City Clerk Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1365 to 1369 and 1370 inclusive
in the net amount of $35,779.43 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Nos. 2340 to 2345 be approved with
the exception of two items on Warrant No. 2344 Items Nos. 1 &2 100-16 and 100-17 and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same in the amount of 38,317.27.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of November 5, 1952 be approved by reference and

the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett attended the meeting at this time.

REZONING-Philip Yousem The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission to rezone a portion of the
Public Hearing Set	proposed Paradise Grove Subdivision subject to certain conditions was presented at

this time. A number of people were present to protest or request additional conditions
inclduing a right-of-way to be placed between Park Paseo Avenue and South 3rd Street.

A Petition was given to the Commissioners from the Property owners, and in answer to
His Honor's question stated they would like to have a Public Hearing so everyone concerned
could be present. Mrs. Jack Price and Mr. Art Ham Jr. spoke in behalf of the protestants.

service & material
warrants

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the Public Hearing on the proposed rezoning of a
portion of the proposed Paradise Grove Subdivision of 43 Lots from R-l to R-2 on the
street which will be parallel to and one block east of South 5th Street, be set for
December 17, 1952 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the application of Jerry

Jerry Woodbury	Woodbury for a special Use Permit to erect and maintain a mortuary on land situated on

East Charleston Blvd in the 1900 Block on the North Side of the street was presented.



Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that
this application be approved, be accepted and the following resolution adopted.

WHEREAS, on the 6th day of October, 1952, Jerry Woodbury filed an application with
the Regional Planning Commission for a special Use Permit to erect and maintain a Mortuary