interest being due and payable on the 1st day of December in each year thereafter.
Failure to pay any installment, whether of principal or interest, when due, shall
cause the whole of the unpaid principal to become due and payable immediately,
and the whole amount of the unpaid principal and accrued interest shall thereafter
bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum per annum, until the day of sale, but
at any time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may pay the amount of all un-
paid installments, with interest thereon at ten per centum per annum, and all
penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to pay
in installments in the same manner as if default had not been suffered. The owner
of any property not in default as to any installment or payment, may, at any time,
pay the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the next
interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax
roll of Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the Count-
y Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas,
is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said County
and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll,
and the County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-of-
ficio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed
to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State
and County taxes are collected.

Section 15. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when
collected, shall be placed in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement
Assessment District No. 100-11, Bond Interest and Redemption Fund," and as such
shall at all times constitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially appropriated
to the payment of the special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon,
to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered for the purpose of paying in
part the cost or expense of said improvements; and said fund shall be applied to
payment for the improvements for which said assessments were made, and shall not
be used for any other purpose until said bonds and the interest thereon is fully
paid.

Section 16. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved,
said Ex-officio City Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said
Ex-officio City Assessor, whose name appears on said assessment roll, by United
States of America Mail, that an assessment has been levied against said person and
the designated property in said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-11, and
shall state therein when and where said assessment is due and payable.

Section 17. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this
ordinance heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City,
directed toward the improving of a certain street by installing a complete street
lighting system in the said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-11,
toward the creation of said District, and toward levying and effecting special
assessments to defray the entire cost thereof, be, and the same is, hereby rati-
fied, approved and confirmed.

Section 18. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts
of by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance,
are hereby repealed.

Section 19. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts
of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such
judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this
ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sen-
tences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid,
and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of
this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any
way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

Section 20. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las
Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its in-
habitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said
streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this
ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health,
and safety.

Section 21. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for
two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption, in the
Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall
become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 6th day of April, 1953.

Commissioner Peccole seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance, The
question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the
following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance
duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Bunker, that
all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage
and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby, sus-
pended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said emer-
gency ordinance at this meeting.