152

From R-l to R-2 Lots 10 to 18, Block 3 and Lots 7 to
13, Block 4 of the proposed Charleston Village.

His Honor asked for a report from Commissioners Bunker and Whipple who were appointed to
meet with representatives of the Madsen Development Co. and property owners protesting
this rezoning.

Commissioner Bunker stated that in view of the sentiment of the surrounding property owners
against this rezoning and due to the fact that he had previous voted against a rezoning for
a previous project, he could not recommend that this change be approved.

Commissioner Whipple concurred with Commissioner Bunker's report.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the request of the Madsen Development Company for the
rezoning of the above described property be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Peccole passed his vote.

Vacation OF STREET Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the petition for the vacation of a portion of Westwood
Westwood Drive Drive be set Cor October 15, 1952 at the hour of 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT
LDS Church

At this time the Board considered the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the
application of the IDS Church for a Use Permit to build a church on property bounded on the North
by Franklin Avenue, on the south by Sweeney Avenue, 8th Street on the west, and the John S. Park
School on the east.

Commissioner moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be approved and
the following resolution adopted:

#325 Resolution

WHEREAS, on the 27th day of August, 1952 the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints filed
an application with the Regional Planning Commission for a Use Permit to build and maintain a church
on property bounded on the northe by Franklin Avsnue, Sweeney Avenue on the south, 8th Street on the
west and the John S. Park School line on the east; and

WHERaAS, on August 28, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for a Use Permit, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting
the granting of said Use Permit were received; and

WHEREAS, on August 28, 1952, the Regional Planning Commissions approved the application subject
to the condition that adequate off-street parking is provided; and

WHEREAS, Such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on August 29. 1952, recommending
that such Use Permit be granted;

NOW THEReFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints be granted a Use Permit to establish a church on their
property at 8th and Franklin, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of the Union Pacific Railroad

UPRR WaTER TOWER Company to install a 300,000 gallon water tank on the north side of Charleston Boulevard immediately
east of Hyde Park Tract, was presented for consideration.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be approved with the
stipulation that the Union Pacific Railroad Company meet the necessary requirements of the CAa as to
lighting and marking on the tower, and the following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 23rd day of August, 1952, the Union Pacific Railroad Company filed an application
with the Regional. Planning Commission for a Use Permit to install a 300,000 gallon water tank, 135 feet
in height, to be located on the north side of Charleston Boulevard immediately east of the Hyde Park
tract; and

WHEREAS, on August 28, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for Use Permit, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting
the granting of said Use Permit were received; and

WHeReAS, on August 28, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application inasmuch as
the installation is necessary in providing proper water facilities to the westerly portion of the city;
and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on August 29, 1952, recommending
that such Use Permit be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the
Union Pacific Railroad Company be granted a Use Permit to install a 300,000 gallon water tank, 135 feet
in height, on the north side of Charleston Boulevard immediately east of the Hyde Park Tract, be and
the same hereby is approved providing they meet the necessary requirements of the CAa as to lighting
and marking on the tower.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING-Public	Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the application of Harold J. Stocker for the rezoning

Hearing Set Block of Lots 7 to 16 inclusive of Block 6, Ladd's Addition from R-3 to C-l be set for October 1, 1952 at

6-Ladd's Addn.	8:00 P.M.



Moticn seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.