V-30-53



VARIANCE APPLICATION
Harry Herzog
Denied

V-25-53

VARIANCE APPLICATION
E. Basse Wallace
Approved

V-21-53



VARIANCE APPLICATION
Melvin C. Lee
Approved

V-26-53

Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the appeal of the denial of the
application of Howard Burgess for variance to construct and maintain a trailer
park located north of Bonanza Road and south of Marble Manor and west of H Street
be set for May 29, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Blinker and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sents Commissioner Peccole.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission denying the application of
Harry N. Herzog to construct and maintain a 4-unit apartment on each of six lots
located between 13th and 14th Streets south of Mesquite Avenue, was considered
at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 10th day of April, 1953, Harry N. Herzog filed an application
with the Regional Planning Commission for a variance to construct and maintain a
four unit apartment on each of six lots, each of which are less than 7,000 square
feet in area, situated between 13th and 14th Streets, south of Mesquite Avenue;
and

WHEREAS, on April 23, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public
hearing on this application for variance at which time several objectors were
present, protesting the granting of said variance; and

WHEREAS, on April 23, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission denied the ap-
plication inasmuch as it was felt that such a use would not be in the best inter-
ests of the neighborhood; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on May 6,

1953, recommending that such variance not be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that the application of Harry N. Herzog for variance to construct and
maintain a 4-unit apartment on each of Lots 1, 2, 3, 23, 24, and 25 of Block 7,
14th Street Addition be denied, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following voter Com-
missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Peccole.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission approving the application
of E. Basse Wallace for variance to construct a sunroom within 12 feet of the rear
property line on Lot 21, Block 1 of Va Patten Tract No. 1, was considered by the
Board at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved this application be approved and the follow-
ing resolution adopted?

 RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 4th day of April, 1953, E. Basse Wallace filed an application
with the Regional Planning Commission for a variance to construct a sunroom within
12 feet of the rear property line on Lot 21, Block 1 of Van Patten Tract No. 1; and

WHEREAS, on April 23, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public
hearing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised
and no communications protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on May 4,
1953, recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that E. Basse Wallace be granted a variance to construct a sunroom with-
in 12 feet of the rear property line on Lot 21, Block 1 of Van Patten Tract No.

1, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioner Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent?
Commissioner Peccole.

The Board considered the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the
application of Melvin C. Lee for variance to construct and maintain a store and
office building at 1555 East Charleston Boulevard.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that this application be approved, be accepted and the following resolution
adopted?	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 10th day of April, 1953, Melvin C. Lee filed an application with
the Regional Planning Commission for a variance to construct and maintain a com-
bination store and office building, situated at 1555 East Charleston Boulevard
and legally described as Lots 9 and 10 of Block 3, Mayfair Tract No. 2; and

WHEREAS, on April 23, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public
hearing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised
and no communications protesting the granting of said variance were received ;and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on April
28, 1953, recommending that such variance be granted.