VARIANCE APPLICATION
S.M. Pahor.

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Herbert Ahlswede

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Florence Elmore

WHEREAS, on the 16th day of June, 1952, Vowell and Hitchcock filed an application with
the Regional Planning Commission for a Use Permit to screen and wash gravel at 1606 Truck High-
way; and



WHEREAS, on June 19, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on
this application for Use Permit, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of said Use Permit were received; and

WHEREAS, on June 19, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application
subject to a favorable report from the Fire Department and the Health Department; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on June 23, 1952, recom-
mending that such Use Permit be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that Vowell and Hitchcock be granted a Use Permit to screen and wash gravel at 1606 Truck Highway,
be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following voter Commissioners Bun-
ker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

The application of S.M. Pahor for variance to permit construction of a motel addition on Los 9
and 10, Block 21, South Addition, as recoommended by the Regional Planning Commission was consider-
ed at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for Variance be approved and the following resolution
adopted:

#292RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 22nd day of May, 1952, S.M. Pahor filed an application with the Regional
Planning Commission for Variance to permit the construction of a motel addition on Lots 9 and
10, of Block 21, South Addition in an R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on June 5, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications pro-
testing the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on June 5, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application on
the ground that such use would not result in material damage to other properties in the vicinity
or be detrimental to the public welfare; and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with the Board of
Commissioners on June 10, 1952, recommending that such application be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that S.M. Pahor be granted a variance to permit the construction of a motel addition on Lots 9
and 10, Block 21, South Addition, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bun-
ker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Herbert F. Ahlswede
for Variance to permit construction of a one-story commercial building on Lot 16, Block 11, Boul-
der Addition, was presented at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for Variance be approved and the following resolu-
tion adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 9th day of June, 1952, Herbert F. Ahlswede filed an application with
the Regional Planning Commission for variance to permit the construction of a one—story cement
block building on Lot 16, Block 11 of the Boulder Addition; and

WHEREAS, on June 19, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on
this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on June 19, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application on
the ground that this property is adjacent to an M-l (Light Industry) Use District and would not
result in material damage to other properties in the vicinity or be detrimental to the public
welfare; and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with the Board
of Commissioners on June 23, 1952, recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that Herbert F. Ahlswede be granted a variance to permit the construction of a one-story cement
block building on Lot 16, Block 11, Boulder Addition, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bun-
ker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

The application of Florence Elmore for variance to permit remodeling seven existing dwelling
units at 70b Jefferson, as recommended by the Regional Planning Commission was considered at
this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for Variance be approved and the following resolu-
tion adopted: