ANGLE PARKING

MOUNTAIN VIEW ESTATES
SUBDIVISION Extension
of time



RADLICK ESTATES
Model Home

PLUMBING BOARD

MOUNTAIN VIEW TRAILER
PARK Sanitary conditions

REZONING Paradise
Grove

SIGN VIOLATION
MacDonald Hotel

Commissioner Whipple, member of the committee on Angle Parking reported that they
had met with the Business and Service Committee of the Chamber of Commerce and would
like the plans and specifications drawn up for angle parking and bids advertised before
any further negotiations were made.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the City Manager be authorized to hire Engineers
to prepare plans and specifications to be submitted to the contractors for bid to cover
angle parking in accordance with the recommendation of the Business and Service Committee
of the Chamber of Commerce, said project to cover first, second, third, fourth streets,
between Stewart and Bridger,

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarre tt, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Peccole
passed his vote. His Honor voted aye on the angle parking but with reservations
concerning the financing method.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of the Nevada Mortgage and Loan company for an
extension of six months to complete the improvements in Mountain View Estates Subdivision be approved subject to the approval of the bonding company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of C.N. Radlick for a building permit to
construct a model home on Lot 16 of the proposed Radlick Estates Subdivision be
referred to the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Michael Hines appeared before the Board at this time and requested a continuance
of the Hearing on the charges against the Plumbing Board until the next regular meeting.

Mr. Hines explained that Mr. Claiborne the attorney in this matter was ill and could
not be present at this time.

Mr. James C. Young, member of the Plumbing Board protested the deferment of this matter
and requested the Board to hear the matter at this time. Discussion was held.

Mr. Young requested the Board to accept his resignation from the Plumbing Board.

Commissioner Peccole moved that Mr. Claiborne be instructed to present the charges
in writing with evidence to substantiate said charges not later than November 1, 1952
and the Board will render a decision from this material plus the evidence heard at the
Public Hearing held September 4, 1952.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Rex Brush, manager of the Mountain View Trailer Park appeared before the Board at
this time relative to the report that there existed certain unsanitary conditions in
his Trailer Park. Mr. Brush contended that he had never been advised of his violations
and that certain people were trying to cause him trouble.

City Attorney Howard Cannon explained to the Board how this matter had been brought to
their attention, and refuted Mr. Brush's accusation that someone was trying to cause
him trouble.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the Building, Plumbing and Health Departments be
instructed to notify Mr. Brush of the violations in writing and Mr. Brush be requested
to conform by correcting the violations within 60 days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the request of Phillip Yousem
for certain rezoning in the proposed Paradise Grove Subdivision being located North of
Oakey Blvd. between South Fifth and South Sixth Streets, was presented to the Board for
their consideration.

Mr. Milton Gordon, representing the Subdivider spoke to the Board and explained the overall
plan.

Those who appeared in protest to this rezoning were as follows:

W.J. Moore, Jr.

L.E. Kingsbury

Mr. Ream for V. Gary Gubler

The Mayor requested a show of hands as to the surrounding property who objected to this
rezoning, and there was a count of thirty-two hands.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that in view of the recommendation of the Regional
Planning Commission and the number of property owners present, protesting this rezoning,
that the request be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Peccole dis-
qualified himself and passed his vote.

Miss Calla Mercier, representing the Local Neon Sign Company and Tom Foley representing the
owner of the MacDonald Hotel appeared before the Board at this time relative to the reported
sign violation of this hotel. Both persons requested that this structure be allowed to remain.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the owner of the MacDonald Hotel be given ninety days
to make adjustment of this Hotel sign to conform with City Ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.