LlQUOR APPLICATIONS
Changes

Selex Coffee Shop

FOODLAND

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS

MARBLE MANOR ST.
Advertise Bids

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Traffic

ORDINANCE #506
Holidays

PARKING

PAWNSHOP LICENSE
Vegas Loan & Jewelry

SANITARY CONDITIONS
Mt. View Trailer
park



SEWER FACILITIES
WEsTSIDE

SAN FRANCISCO ST. SEWER
Partial Payment

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-17
Partial Payment

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-16
Partial Payment

TAXI APPLICATION

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Irving I, Gelsin for a Restaurant Beverage License
for the Selex Coffee Shop, 209 North Main for the 4th Quarter of 1952, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the Vegas Food Company DBA Foodland 1500 Fremont
for a Retail Liquor License for the 4th Quarter of 1952, said license previously issued to the
Vegas Food Corporation, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Ruth Fraser, El Cortez Gift Shop, 609 Fremont, be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the City Engineer be authorized to advertise for bids for the
installation of the half streets surrounding Marble Manor, said bids to be opened October 15,

1952.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioners Bunker and Jarrett, committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment to the
traffic ordinance, requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:AN ORDINANCE ESTABLISHING HOLIDAYS FOR EMPLOYEES OF THe CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THeRETO, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners
Bunker and Whipple was read in full to the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 506 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

At this time the Chamber of Commerce Parking Committee appeared before the Board. Commissioner
Whipple stated that there should be a meeting of the committee before the Board takes ary action.

The matter was continued until October 15, 1952.

Mr. Robert Jones, Attorney for Mrs. Mildred Stoney co-owner of the Vegas Loan and Jewelry appeared
before the Board on her behalf. Mr. Jones requested deferred action on this matter and told the
Board that the business was in the process of being sold. He stated that Mrs. Burleycamp would be
in complete charge of the business until the transaction had gone through and would be responsible
for its operation.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the hearing on this matter be continued until November 5,
1952 on the condition that Mrs. Mildred Stoney have nothing to do with the management or the operation
of the Vegas Loan and Jewelry during that time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

The report of the Health Department and the Plumbing Department on the sanitary condition of the
Mountain View Trailer Bark was considered by the Board. City Attorney Howard Cannon gave a report
on the matter.

Thereafter the Board ordered the City Clerk to notify the manager of this Trailer Park to appear
before the Board at the next regular meeting on October 15, 1952, relative to the sanitary conditions.

The matter of the Health Department not approving septic tanks in the portions of Westside that have
no sewer, and the inability of the Building, Plumbing, and Electrical Departments to issue permits for
construction of houses, was brought before the Board. The Board authorized permits to be issued so
long as the number of units did not overtax the septic tanks installed.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Wells Cargo Inc. for partial payment in the total amount
of $14,984.37 for the San Francisco Street Sewer Project be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of J.M. Murphy Construction Company for partial payment on
Assessment District No. 100-17 in the total amount of $56,629.26 be approved and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Young and Smith Construction Co. for partial payment on
Assessment District No. 100-16 in the total amount of $9,510.12 be approved and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Blue Cab Company for license for one additional taxi
fir the 4th Quarter of 1952, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Peccole.