VARIANCE APPLICATION
Roy & Nelda Humphreys

B-65-53

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Southern Nevada Memorial
Hospital
V-66-53

VARIANCE APPLICATION
John & Carol Ruggaber

B-59-53



ELSTNER MANOR -

Tentative Map

PLUNKETT INDUSTRIAL
SUBDIVISION
Tentative Map

WHEREAS, on August 27, 1953 the Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of this variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on August 2 7, 1953 the Planning Commission voted to approve the application
inasmuch as it was felt that this use would not prove detrimental to the surrounding
properties; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on August 31, 1953
recommending that such Variance be granted.

NCW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Planning Commission that
Magnolia McCoy Badie be granted a variance to construct and maintain an apartment hotel
consisting of thirty accomodations on Lots 5 and 6, Block 29, H.F. M. & M. Addition be
accepted, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission that the application
of Roy and Nelda Humphreys to construct and maintain a guest house for rental purposes
at 1718 Lewis Avenue be denied.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation for denial be accepted inasmuch as the
application has been withdrawn, and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 26th day of August, 1953, Roy and Nelda Humphreys filed an application
with the Planning Commission to operate and maintain a guest house for rental purposes at
1718 Lewis Street; and

WHEREAS, on September 10, 1953, the Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for variance, at which time objections were raised and protestants were present;
and

WHEREAS, on September 10, 1953 the Planning Commissioner voted to deny the application
inasmuch as it was felt that this use would be detrimental to surrounding property owners; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on September 14, 1953,
recommending that such Variance be denied.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Planning Commission that the
application of Roy and Nelda Humphreys for variance to operate and maintain a guest house
for rental purposes at 1718 Lewis Street be denied, be and the same hereby is accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

The application of the Southern Nevada Memorial Hospital for variance to construct an
addition to the hospital within 60 feet of the center line of Charleston Blvd., was
considered.

Commissioner Jarrett moved a public hearing be held on this application for variance on
October 7, 1953, at 7:30 PM.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission on the application of John and Carol Ruggaber
to construct and maintain a duplex on a lot which is 6,000 square feet, Lot 17, Block 23, 14th
Street addition was considered by the Board at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission that this application
for variance be approved be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 28th day of July, 1953 John and Card Ruggaber filed an application
with the Planning Commission for variance to construct and maintain a duplex dm a lot which
is 6000 square feet in area on a lot which is 6000 square feet in area on Lot 17, Block 23,
14th Street Addition; and

WHEREAS, on September 10, 1953 the Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of this variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on September 10, 1953 the Planning Commission voted to approve the application
inasmuch as it was felt that this use would not prove detrimental to the surrounding property
and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on September 15, 1953,
recommending that such Variance be granted.

NCW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Planning Commission that
John and Carol Ruggaber be granted a variance to construct and maintain a duplex on Lot
17, Block 23, 14th Street Addition be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Elstner Manor be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Plunkett Industrial Subdivision be
approved subject to the condition that a 10 foot set back from the property line of the
east and west lots facing on Plunkett Road be provided, and that a 20 foot alley connecting
the cul-de sac with Clos Road be installed.

9-16-53