DEED TO STATE OF NEVADA
State Bldg. Site



PROPOSED ORDINANCE

Motel & Hotel Rental



Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the City Attorney be authorized
to negotiate on the bids on the bonds for Assessment District Nos.
100-11 & 100-18 at an interest rate not to exceed 5%, said acceptance
of these bids to be subject to the approval of the bonding attorneys.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following
votes Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

The proposed deed to the State of Nevada for location of a State Bldg.,
in Las Vegas was presented at this time. The City Attorney advised
that a reversion clause had been included in this deed so that the
property would return to the City in the event the use was ever dis-
continued.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to
sign said deed when the description on the property has been checked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Discussion was held on the request for ordinance on motel and hotel
room rental. It was the decision of the Board that this ordinance
should be drawn and submitted to the Motel Association, the Chamber of
Commerce and Board of County Commissioners for their study.

Commissioner Bunker and Sharp were appointed as a committee on this
matter.

COUNTY SEWER CONNECTION
Notice to Disconnect
Strip Hotels

Discussion was held concerning the present sewer rental agreement between
the City, the Bonanza Hotel Inc., Prewin Inc., and Elranco Inc., for the
use of City Sewer Facilities. It appears that the Algiers has connected

onto the City Sewer without presenting the matter to the Board and it was
thereafter moved by Commissioner Bunker that pursuant to the terms of the
agreement the Companies be notified that the agreement would be cancelled
at the end of six months pursuant to paragraph 9 and the Companies be
notified to disconnect and make other arrangements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, the
meeting adjourned.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

7-7-53