



REZOninG-Madsen Manor
Public Hearing Set

ReZONING-Bearden
Property-Public
Hearing set

REZONING-Frank Holman
Denied



FINAL MAPS
Paradise Village #4
and van Patton Tract

TENTATIVE MAP
Madsen Manor

FINAL MAP
Moss Tract #3

REZONING*Meadows Addn
Public Hearing Set



LAWReNCe LOVE TRaCT
Release of bond

 Streets DEDICATION
Walter Kenyon

Charleston Boulevard and west of the Union Pacific Railroad, was considered at this time.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be approved
and the following resolution adopted:

#312 RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 5th day of June, 1952, G.W. Gottschall filed an application with the
Regional Planning Commission for a Use Permit to operate and maintain a meat processing plant
on property situated south of Charleston Boulevard and west of the Union Pacific Railroad
right-of-way in an M-2 (Heavy Manufacturing Industry) Use District:and

WHEREAS, on July 24, 1952 the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for a Use Permit, at which time there were more people present who were in favor
of the establishment than were present to objectj and

WHEREAS, on July 24, 1952 the Regional Planning Commission approved such application for
Use Permit subject to the stipulation that no slaughtering be done and no livestock permitted
on the premises or in the vicinity of this plant; and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with the Board of City
Commissioners on July 25, 1952, recommending that such Use Permit be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that
G.W. Gottschall be granted a Use Permit to operate a meat processing plant on property situated
South of Charleston Boulevard and west of the Union Pacific Railroad right-of-way, be and the
same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tern Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett. Absent
Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the application of Thomas Beam for rezoning Lots 11
through 21, Block 5 of the proposed Madsen Manor from R-l to R-3 be held September 3, 1952 at
7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the application of Ada L. Bearden to rezone a
parcel of land lying east of Shadow Lane and in the vicinity of Goldring Avenue from R-E to R-l
be set for September 3, 1952 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the applica-
tion of Frank G. Holman to rezone property on the southwest corner of Elm Avenue and 21st street from
R-l to R-3 be denied, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Jarrett passed
his vote. Absent:Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Peccole moved that action on the final maps for Paradise Village Tract No. 4 and the
Van Patton Subdivision be deferred until they have been approved by the City Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Mayor Baker,

Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of Madsen Manor be approved subject to their dedicating
an additional 10 feet right of way on Bonanza Road, unless the County dedicates 20 feet.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

No action was taken on the final map of the Moss Tract No. 3 due to the fact that the City Engineer
has not approved the same.

Commissioner Peccole moved the public hearing on the application of Verl Croft for rezoning of
certain portions of Blocks 10, 11 and 12 of the Meadows Addition from R-2 to R-3 be set for
September 3, 1952 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Engineer to release the performance bond
of Wells Cargo on the Lawrence Love Tract be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Mr. Walter Kenyon appeared before the Board at this time requesting acceptance of a road running
east and west between Shadow and Desert Lanes.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this matter be tabled for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Pecoole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Mayor Baker.