10

GAMING APPLICATION - Changes  Nevada Club or Jackpot Club	Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis- sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  At this time the application for gaming license for the Jackpot Club by Lawson Adams, Walter Adams, Arthur C. Adams, Ludwig Stephan and Robert T. King, 113 Fremont for 70 slots, 1 Roulette, 1 Craps, and 1 "21" for the third quarter of 1953, formerly issued to Dave Stearns and Joseph Wolf dba Santa Anita Turf, was considered by the Board.  Thereafter Mr. Herb Jones, representing the new applicants appeared before the Board and requested that the name on the application of the Jackpot Club be changed to Nevada Club. Mr. Jones stated that this request was being made since there was another location in Las Vegas operating under the name of "Jackpot".  Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Lawson Adams, Walter Adams, Arthur C. Adams, Ludwig Stephan and Robert T. King dba Nevada Club, 113 Fremont for 70 slots, 1 Roulette, 1 Craps, and 1 "21" for the third quarter of 1953 be approved subject to investigation by the Police Department.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis- sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Las Vegas Club Bingo	Action on the application of Milton Prell, Albert Garbain and Las Vegas Club part- nership dba Las Vegas Club Bingo, 18 Fremont for license for one Bingo with 205 chairs was held until the clarification on the interest of Mr. Prell's associates can be secured.
LIQUOR APPLICATIONS El Sombrero  	Commissioner Jarrett moved the following applications for gaming license for the third quarter, the same being changes in licensee, be approved:  MIKE'S LIQUOR STORE Alfred Ripps 106 Fremont 13 slots (Formerly issued to Milton K. Dial & Alfred Ripps)  SALLIE'S LIQUOR STORE S.J. & Mike Gordon 2120 E. Charleston 3 slots (Addition of Mike Gordon)  SWISS VILLAGE Marion & Walter  Wolfinger 116 North 5th 3 slots (Formerly issued to Lawrence Henry)  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis- sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  The application of C. J. Griego dba El Sombrero, 807 South Main for renewal of his Restaurant Beverage license, the same having been approved heretofore for the first six months of the year, was presented to the Board for consideration.  Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of C. J. Griego, El Sombrero, 807 South Main for renewal of the Restaurant Beverage license be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis- sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Chic-a-Dee Arcade	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of James J. Tatum for a Restaurant Bever- age license for the Chic-a-Dee Arcade at 1314 F Street be denied.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis- sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commis- sioner Sharp passed his vote.  Action on the application of Abe Feller dba Cafe Capri, 825 South 5th for a Rest- aurant Beverage license was held until the July 1st meeting.
LIQUOR APPLICATIONS Fairprice Cafe	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Ruth Chidester dba Fairprice Cafe,  219 North 1st Street for a Restaurant Beverage license be held until the regular meeting of July 1, 1933 until vertification has been received insofar as the suit- ability of the building is concerned.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis- sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Sub House  	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Harry F. Rahner dba the Sub House, 416 Jackson for a Restaurant Beverage License be denied.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis- sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Johnny’s Market  	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of John Nassar, Johnny's Market, 2200 E. Charleston for a Retail Beverage License be approved subject to investigation by the Police Department.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis- sioner Bunker, Sharp and Whipple; noes, Commissioner Jarrett and His Honor.  Commissioner Bunker moved that all beer and wine licenses in grocery stores be revoked. This motion died for lack of a second.
POPULATION DETERMINATION	Commissioner Whipple moved that based on testimony at the recent Civil Aeronautics Board Hearing, determining the population of Las Vegas to be in the neighborhood of 34,700 and the Chamber of Commerce report that the population is 35,963 as of February 1953 that the Board establish the population of Las Vegas for the purpose of issuing liquor licenses to be 35,000.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis- sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

6-29-53