110

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Jack & Virginia
Richardson

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Willard E. Baldwin

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Merle Frehner

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 14th day of May, 1952, Florence Elmore filed an application with the
Regional Planning Commission for variance to permit the remodeling of seven existing dwelling
units at 704 Jefferson Avenue in an R-l (Single Family Residence) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on June 5, 1952, the Regional Plannin Commission held a public hearing on this
application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protest-
ing the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on June 5, 1902, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application on
the ground that such use would not result in material damage to other properties in the vicini-
ty or be detrimental to the public welfare; and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with the Board of
Commissioners on June 10, 1902, recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that Florence Elmore be granted a variance to permit the remodeling of seven existing dwelling
units at 704 Jefferson Avenue, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

The reconmendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Jack and Virginia
Richardson for Variance to remodel a carport into an apartment at 424 South 11th Street was pre-
sented for consideration.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for Variance be approved and the following resolution
adopted:

#295	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 0th day of June, 1902, Jack A. and Virginia B. Richardson filed an ap-
plication with the Regional Planning Commission for variance to permit the remodeling of a car-
port into an apartment within ten feet of the rear lot line at 424 South 11th Street in an R-3
(Multiple Dwelling) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on June 19, 1902, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on
this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on June 19, 1902, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application
on the ground that such use would not result in material damage to other properties in the vicini-
ty or be detrimental to the public welfare;and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with the Board of
Commissioners on June 19, 1902, recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that Jack A. and Virginia B. Richardson be granted a variance to permit the remodeling of a car-
port into an apartment at 424 South 11th Street, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bun-
ker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

The application of Willard E. Baldwin for Variance to permit the erection of signs at 1732 Fremont
Street, as recommended by the Regional Planning Commission was considered at this time.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this application for variance be granted providing that the signs
will be removed upon a 60 day notice, and the following resolution adopted:

#296 resolution

WHEREAS, on the 19th day of May, 1902, Willard E. Baldwin filed an application with the
Regional Planning Commission for variance to permit the erection of two signs l8" wide, 48" long
and 16' high and one sign 24" wide, 8’ long and 16' high, at 1732 Fremont Street in a C-2 (Gen-
eral Commercial) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on June 19, 1902, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on
this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications pro-
testing the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on June 19, 1902, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application on
the ground that the signs are located on a line with other signs and with the fronts of exist-
ing buildings in the area; and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with the Board of
Commissioners on June 23, 1902, recommending that such variance be granted,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that Willard E. Baldwin be granted a variance to permit the erection of signs at 1732 Fremont
Street, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bun-
ker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole,

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Merle Frehner for
Variance to permit the construction of a duplex unit at 1142 South 3rd Street was presented for

