EASTWOOD TRACT #2
Final Map

GAMING APPLICATION
Additional

ELKO ROOMS
CONDEMNATION

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-19 
Resolution -
Map & Cost Prepara-
tion



ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-20
Resolution
Map & Cost to be
Prepared

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the above entitled ordinance No. 533
be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the approval of the final map of Eastwood Tract
No. 2, subject to the filing of the required bond and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Cardinal and Sullivan for li-
cense for one additional slot machine at the Spot Cafe, 1000 South Main for
the first quarter of 1953 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time Mr. John Mendosa, representing Mr. Leonore Aguirre, owner of
the property known as Elko Rooms appeared before the Commission. Mr. Men-
dosa requested report of the findings of the Inspectors assigned to make in-
spection of the "Slum Areas”. City Manager C.W. Shelley stated that the
Commission had just received a portion of the report requested but had not
had the opportunity to study the same. Mr Mendosa requested that Mrs. Ag-
uirre be given an extension of time to conform or remove the buildings on
her property.

Various members of the Board stipulated that it was their intention to see
that buildings endangering the lives or a hazard as far as fire or health
might be concerned, be condemned and abated.

Mr. Mendosa was informed that the Board would allow Mrs. Aguirre a reason-
able length of time to comply with their original request to conform with
City Ordinances or demolish or remove her building.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution authorizing the prepar-
ation of plats, diagrams and estimates of cost on Assessment District No.

100-19 be adopted:

resolution

WHEREAS, certain streets and portions of streets in the City of Las
Vegas are without adequate street improvements; and

WHEREAS, numerous oral requests have been made that these streets and
portions of streets hereinafter described be improved;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the l8th day of March
1953, that the City Engineer be and he is hereby directed to prepare and file
with the City Clerk, plats, diagrams, plans of the work and the locality
to be improved, together with the estimates of cost for constructing oil
bound gravel pavement (4" type 1 subbase, 4” type 2 Subbase, prime coat,

2" A.C. paving, seal coat and chips) and gravel surface (4" type 1 gravel
subbase and 4" type 2 gravel subbase) on the following specifically described
streets and portions of streets, to-wit:

PALOMINO LANE from the West line of the Southeast Quarter (SE1/4) of Sec-
tion 32, Township 20 South, Range 6l East, Mount Diablo Base and Meri-
dian, to the West right-of-way line of Rancho Road. Improvement con-
sisting of the construction of a 24-foot street, A.C. Pavement (4"
type 1 Subbase. 4" type 2 Subbase, Prime coat, 2" A.C. Paving, Seal
Coat and Chips).

PALOMINO LANE from the East right-of-way of Rancho Road to the West
right-of-way line of Tonopah Drive (l8 foot street North of the pro-
posed center line); PINTO LANE from the West line of the Southeast
Quarter (SE1/4) of Section 32, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, Mount
Diablo Base and Meridian, to the West right-of-way line of Rancho Road,
and from the East right-of-way line of Rancho Road to the West right-
of-way line of Tonopah Drive (36-foot street); ALTA DRIVE from the
center of said Section 32 to the West right-of-way line of Rancho Road
and from the East right-of-way line of Rancho Road to the West right-
of-way line of Tonopah Drive (l8-foot street South of the proposed
center line); SHETLAND ROAD from the North right-of-way line of Pal-
omino Lane to the South right-of-way line of Alta Drive (36-foot street)
Improvement consisting of 4” type 1 gravel Subbase and 4" Type 2 Gra-
vel Subbase.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution authorizing the prepar-
ation of plats, diagrams and estimates of cost on Assessment District No.
100-20 be adopted:

RESOLUTION
#396 ------------

WHEREAS, certain streets and portions of streets in the City of Las
Vegas are without adequate street improvements; and