525

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Appeal of Denial
Gabriel & Andra Sorrentino

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Appeal Filed
George E. Harmon

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Solomon Perry

V-75-53

VARIANCE APPLICATION
H. P. & Virginia Fitzgerald

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
and City Engineer for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The appeal of the denial of the application of Andra and Gabriel Sorrentino for variance
to convert a garage into an apartment at 1102 Chapman Drive, having been denied by the
Board of Commissioners on October 21, 1953, be presented for consideration. This
appeal was filed with the Clerk on October 29, 1953.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved a public hearing be held on this application for
variance on December 2, 1953, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission denying the application of George L. Harmon for
variance to construct and maintain four separate lodging rooms in addition to an existing
single family residence at 110 East Bonanza Road, was presented for consideration.

Mr. Harmon filed an appeal of this recommendation denying his application on October 29,

19531

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing be held on this application for
variance on December2, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Solomon Perry to construct and maintain a duplex in addition to a
single family residence at 300 W. Harrison, having been approved by the Planning Commission,
was presented at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted, and
the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 5th day of October, 1953, Solomon Perry filed an application with the
Planning Commission for variance to construct and maintain a duplex dwelling, in addition
to a single family residence on a lot approximately 10,000 square feet in area at 300 West
Harrison Street between C and D Streets in an R-1 (Single Family) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on October 22, 1953, the Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of this variance were received; and

WHEREAS, October 22, 1953, the Planning Commission voted to approve the application
inasmuch as it was felt that this use would not prove detrimental to the surrounding
properties; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on October 26, 1953
recommending that such Variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Planning Commission that
Solomon Perry be granted a variance to construct and maintain a duplex dwelling, in
addition to a single family residence on a lot approximately 10,000 square feet in area
at 300 West Harrison Street be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the recommendation of the PLanning Commission approving
the application of Huedillard P. and Virginia Lee Fitzgerald to construct three apartments
in addition to two which exist at 718 Monroe Street.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 6th day of October, 1953, H. P. & Virginia Lee Fitzgerald filed an
application with the Planning Commission for variance to construct and maintain 3 apart -
ments, in addition to 2 which now exist on a Lot 1,864 feet in area and to build within 10
feet of the alley at 713 Monroe Street between G and H Streets in an R-l (Single Family)

Use District on Lots 10 and 11, Block 29, HFM&M Addition; and

WHEREAS, on October 22, 1953, the Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of this variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on October 22, 1953, the Planning Commission voted to approve the application
inasmuch as it was felt that this use would not prove detrimental to the surrounding
properties; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on October 30, 1953
recommending that such Variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Planning Commission that

H.	P. & Virginia LeeFitzgerald be granted a variance to construct and maintain 3 apartments
in addition to 2 which now exist on a lot 1,864 feet in area between G and H Streets in
an R-l (Single Family) Use District be and the same is hereby approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.