

MASTER PLUMBER CERTIFICATION His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple reported, on the meeting held February 7, 1953, with representatives
Charles 11. Weber	of the Board of Appeals, Plumbers Examining Board and other interested parties on the application of

and examination given Charles E. Weber, applicant for a Master Plumber Certificate. Mr. Whipple
stated that he and Commissioner Peccole had spent considerable time investigating this matter and
they would like to recommend that a committee be appointed to give Mr. Weber an oral examination.

Thereafter the following persons were selected to give Mr. Weber an oral examination on February

26, 1953.

Mr. Ruben Cohen
Mr. Duwayne George
Mr. Aloysius McDonald

Commissioners William Peccole and Reed Whipple
Mr, Miles Nay

Commissioner Jarrett moved that Charles E. Weber be granted a Master Plumber License providing he
passes the oral examination to be given February 26, 1953, to the satisfaction of the committee.



STREET NAME CHANGES

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker,

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that Norman Avenue which runs east and west
along the northerly line of the Stewart Addition and Tankels North Addition from 9th to 25th Streets
be changed to Harris Avenue, was considered at this time.

Commissioner Peccole moved that the Planning Commission be requested to make recommendation for
any other street name changes necessary and they consult with the Police & Fire Department on
this matter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

VARIANCE APPLICATION The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Morris Gaylord to
Blk. 32, South Addn. construct a 25 unit apartment on the north side of Charleston Blvd. between 6th 7th Streets
Morris Gaylord	was considered by the Board.

Denied

	Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application

of Morris Gaylord to construct a 25 unit apartment be denied by accepted and the following resolution
adopted:

the Regional Planning Commission to construct a 25 unit apartment on property located on
the north side of Charleston Blvd. between Sixth and Seventh Streets described as Block

32 South Addition and situated in an R-l (Single Family Residence) Use District; and





WHEREAS:	on February 5, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing

on this application for variance; and

WHEREAS, on February 5, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission voted to recommend that
this application be denied inasmuch as this area has been generally developed for residences
and it was felt that no need for a commercial use was shown; and

WHEREAS, on February 18,1953. such decision was filed with the Board of City Commissioners,
recommending that such variance not be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that the variance application of Morris Gaylord to construct a 25 unit apartment in an R-l
(Single Family Residence) Use District be denied, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker/

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Block 1, BDH #3
A.S. Blakeman
Approved	



The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of A.S. Blakeman to
construct an single family residence in addition to two existing dwellings on 4 twenty five foot
lots on Marlin between 19th and 21st Streets was considered at this time.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the application
of A.S. Blakeman to construct an additional units on Lot 32, 33, 34, and 35 of Block 1, Boulder Dam
Homesite No. 3 be accepted and the following resolution adopted:



#379 WHEREAS, on the 20th day of January, 1953, Adolph S. Blakeman filed an application with the
Regional Planning Commission to construct and maintain a single family residence in addition to
two existing dwellings on four twenty-five foot lots, located between 19th and 21st Streets on
Marlin Avenue on Lots 33, 34, and 35 of Block 1, Boulder Dam Homesite No. 3, in an R-1 (Single Family )
Use District; and

 WHEREAS, on February 5, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on
this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on February 18, 1953,
recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that
Adolph S. Blakeman be granted a variance to construct an additional unit on Lots 32, 33, 34, 35
of Boulder Dam Homesite No. 3, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

VARIANCE APPLICATION At this time the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of John Cost
BLK. 27, Clarks LV to operate and maintain a Beauty Shop at 301 Lewis was considered.

Townsite

John Cost	Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be accepted and the

following resolution adopted: