SEWER IMPROVEMENT PROJECT
Schedules B & C

FRANCISCO PARK
Final Map

RIDGEVIEW SUBDIVISION
Tract Nos. 1 & 2
Release of Bond

COUNTY SEWER CONNECTION
Glendale Gardens

BUILDING VARIANCE
Sewer Easement
Norman Helgeson

SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER
COMPANY

Mr. Simon Perliter, Engineer for the proposed sewer improvement program
appeared before the Board at this time and presented the plans and specifi-
cations for Schedules B and C.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the plans for Schedules B and C be
accepted and ordered filed and authorization for publication of the notice
to contractors requesting bids for the construction of said improvements be
given, said bids to be opened on November 4, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Francisco Park be approved subject
the approval of the bond and agreement by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Not voting:	Commissioner

Sharp.

At this time the recommendation of the Engineering Department that the performance
bonds for Ridgeview Tract Nos. 2 and 3 be released, was considered by the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the performance bonds for Ridgeview Tract
Nos. 2 and 3, being New York Casualty Co. bonds in the amount of $12,500 each,
be released as recommended by the City Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. Vernon Welborn, Architect for the proposed Glendale Gardens appeared
before the Board requesting permission to connect to the City Sewer. This proposed
development is located in the County, South of the Thunderbird Hotel.

Discussion was held on the matter but no action was taken by the Board of Commissioners.

The request of Norman Helgeson for permission to build over a sewer easement on the west
side of South 5th Street between 3rd and Charleston was considered at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be referred to the City Attorney for the legal
manner to abandon the present existing sewer, at no expense to the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the letters of the City Manager and City Attorney regarding the feasibility
of the City of Las Vegas going into the power business was read at this time.

Discussion was held with Messrs. C. Wengert and Lloyd Compton, representing the Southern
Nevada Power Company, but no action was taken by the Board at this time.

CIVIL SERVICE RECOMMENDATIONS The recommendation of the Civil Service Trustees concerning the creation of the new

Recreation Department position in the Recreation Department to be entitled "Supervisor of Sports and Athletics",

was considered at this time. City Manager R. V. Carey recommended that this position
be approved.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Civil Service Trustees
and the City Manager that the position of Supervisor of Sports and Athletics be created,
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CIVIL SERVICE RECOMMENDATIONS Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the
Golf Course	Manager that the addition of two permanent positions

Golf Course be approved, be accepted.

Civil Service Trustees and the City
of laboring classification for the

City Treasurer

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Civil Service Trustees and the City Manager that the City
Treasurer be raised in schedule to conform to other comparable department heads, from
Schedule 17 to 23 with a salary range of $34l.00 to $426.00, was considered by the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation that the City Treasurer, Margaret Walker,
be raised in schedule from 17 to 23, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Wnipple moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Banker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:

APPROVED:



Mayor