Las Vegas, Nevada
August 1, 1952

(CALL OF SPECAIL MATING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this 1st day
of August, 1952, was called to order at the hour of 5:00 P.M. by His Honor Mayor C.D. Baker
with the following members present:

Mayor C.D.

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

Baker

Wendell Bunker
Rex A. Jarrett
William Peccole
Reed Whipple

City Manager C.W. Shelley
Assistant

City Manager Bora Lord

City Attorney Ralston 0. Hawkins

City Engineer C.C. Boyer

City Clerk Shirley Ballinger

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the installation of San Francisco
Street sanitary sewer facilities, bids were received from the following firms:

Longley Construction Co.	$69,892.14

Wells Cargo Inc.	52,257.60

Commissioner Peccole moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and City
Engineer for tabulation and report.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the Bid deposit check submitted by Wells Cargo Inc., with their
bid for the installation of improvements in Assessment District No. 200-5, be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bunker
passed his vote.

ASSESSMENT district
NO. 200-5

Release of Bid Deposit

San Francisco Street
Sewer Project
Bids

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, the meeting adjourned,



C.D. Baker
MAYOR

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 6, 1952

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this 6th day of
August, 1952 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem Reed Whipple
Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner William Peccole

PAYROLL WARRANTS

Service & Material

Warrants



Minutes

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-16
Bid on Bonds

City Attorney
City Manager
Assistant
City Manager
City Engineer
City Clerk

Howard W. Cannon
C.W. Shelley

Dora Lord
C.C. Boyer
Shirley Ballinger

Absent:

Mayor Baker

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1324 to 1328 inclusive in the net amount
of $34,369.35 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Peccole moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2299 to 2304 inclusive
in the total amount of #37,608.61 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the Minutes of July 16, 1952, and the 21st, and 23rd and August
1, be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

The Mayor Pro Tem announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to offer for sale, and to receive sealed
bids and publicly open the same for the City's special assessment negotiable coupon bonds,
designated City of Las Vegas Assessment District No. 100-16 Street Improvement Bonds, Series
of July 1, 1952, in the aggregate principal amount of $335, 608.26.

Thereupon, all of said bids received were opened and are as follows: