248

	#380 WHEREAS, on the 27th day of January, 1953. John Cost filed an application with the Regional Planning Commission cooperate and maintain a Beauty Shop in a building located at 301 Lewis Street described as the West 90 feet of Lots 1, 2, 3 and 4 Block 27, Clarks Las Vegas Townsite and located in an R-4 (Apart- ment Residence) Use District; and  WHEREAS, on the 5th day of February, 1953. the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on this application for variance, at which time no objections protesting the granting of said variance were received; and    WHEREAS, on February 18, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application subject to the condition that the size and type of sign to be erected shall be approved by the Planning Commission; and  WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on February 18, 1953, recommending that such variance be granted,  NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that John Cost be granted a variance to operate and maintain a beauty shop in a building located at 301 Lewis Street; described at the west 90 feet of Lots 1, 2, 3, and 4 Block 27, Clarks Las Vegas Townsite and is located in an R-4 (Apartment Residence) Use District; be and the same here by is approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote;  Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Mayor Baker.
VARIANCE APPLICATION Blk, 7, Meadows Addition Kay Howard Denied  	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Kay Howard to construct a single family residence unit within 12 feet of the rear property line-in addition to two existing units on a lot less than 7,000 feet on Lots 37 and 38, Block 7, in the Meadows Addition was presented to the Board for consideration.  Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be accepted and the following resolution adopted:  #381   WHEREAS, on the 18th day of January, 1953, Kay Howard filed an application with the Regional Planning Commission to construct a single family residence unit within 12 feet of rear property line in addition to two existing units on a lot less than 7,000 square feet in area, in an R-3 (limited Multiple) Usd District; located in the Northeast corner of Fairfield and Philadelphia Streets on Lots 37 and 38, Block 7, in the Meadows Addition; and  WHEREAS, on February 5, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on this application for variance, at which time objections were filed by many residents of the area; and  WHEREAS, on February 5t 1953, the Regional Planning Commission denied the application as they did not feel that such a use would be in the best interests of the neighborhood; and  WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on February 18, 1953, recommending that such variance be denied,  NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that Kay Howard's application to construct a single family residence unit within 12 feet of roar property line in addition to two existing units on a lot less than 7,000 square feet on lots 37 and 38, Block 7 in the Meadows Addn.; be denied, be and the same hereby is approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.
REZONING - Blk 21 Clarks LV Townsite  	Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the application of William Abi Zeid to rezone Lots 28 to 32 inclusive of Block 21, Clarks Las Vegas Townsite from R-4 to C-l be held March 18, 1953, at 7:30 P.M.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.
MORNING VIEW HEIGHTS Tentative Map	Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of Morning View Heights Subdivision be referred back to the Planning Commission with a request that the street arrangement be changed and a master plain be worked out.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.
GAMING & LIQUOR LICENSES Horseshoe Club  	Commissioner Jarrett moved that the application of Robert F. Caudill to be added to the gaming and liquor licenses for the Horseshoe Club, 128 Fremont Street be approved subject to investigation by the Police Department.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.
GAMING APPLICATION New  Buckley's, Denied	Commissioner Peccole moved the application of P.J. Buckley, Buckley's, 2 Fremont Street for license for 1 Hazard for the first quarter of 1953 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker,