This being the time set for the opening of bids for addition to and alteration
of the City Hall, bids were received from the following firms:

OPENING OF BIDS -
City Hall

Addition & Alteration

OPENING OF BIDS -
Central Fire Station
Addition

PUBLIC HEARING -
Variance Appeal
George L. Harmon
V-76-53

PUBLIC HEARING -
Variance Appeal
Gabriel & Andra
Sorrentino
V-73-53
Denied

LIQUOR LICENSE

Chatterbox



LIQUOR LICENSE
Las Vegas Club

ZONING OF SOUTH
8TH STREET



MASTER PLAN -
Public Hearing
on Proposed
Revision

Western States Construction Co.
Leslie Elson Company
Lembke-Clough & King, Inc.
Sierra Construction Corp.
Longley Construction Co.

$81,000.00

65,641.00

65,950.00

68,490.00

74,911.00

Commissioner Jarrett moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the addition to the Central
Fire Station, bids were received from the following firms:

J.A. Tiberti

Western States Construction Co.

Jack MacDonald

C.W. Jorgensen & Sons

Ben 0. Davey

Lembke-Clough & King

Leslie Construction Corp.

Longley Construction Co.

$13,775.00

17,400.00

14,880.00
15,205.69

15,299.00

14,760.00

13,384.00
14,339.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the appeal of the decision
of the Planning Commission denying the application of George L. Harmon for
variance to permit the construction of four separate lodging rooms in addition
to an existing single family residence at 110 E. Bonanza, the matter was
considered by the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Mr. Harmon for variance be referred
back to Planning Commission for study of the whole area.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the appeal of the
decision of the Planning Commission denying the application of Bagriel and Andra
Sorrentino for variance to convert an existing garage within five (5) feet of
the rear property line and three (3) feet of the side property line into an
apartment at 1102 Chapman Drive, the matter was considered by the Board at
this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission denying
this application for variance be upheld.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Mr. F.A. Donovan, licensee of the Chatterbox, 2 Fremont appeared before the
Board at this time regarding the operation of his business. Mr. Donovan was
questioned by the Board regarding the reported sales of liquor to minors.

Thereafter His Honor stated that the Board wished to warn Mr. Donovan and Mr.

L.A. Stortroen that if any more incidents of this nature occur their license
is in jeopardy and they are placed on probation.

Mr. L.B. Scherer and Mr. A.F. Schellang, licensees of the Las Vegas Club, 18
Fremont appeared before the Board at this time. The Commission questioned these
licensees regarding sale of liquor to mil ors.

Thereafter His Honor stated that if there is a reoccurrence of any incidents
wherein liquor is sold to minors this license will be subject to revocation.

Mayor Baker stated these licensees were on probation until renewal of this
license for 1954.

Mrs. A.A. Hinman, owner of property at 131 South 8th Street, appeared at this
time. Ms. Hinman wanted to know if the commercial zoning on South 8th Street
between Fremont and Carson would remain as such, or if it was proposed to be
changed in the revision of the Master Plan. Mrs. Hinman was informed that this
C-2 zoning on 8th Street was not recommended to be changed. It was further
explained that this commercial zone on Carson would extend to the alley
between 8th and 9th Streets, on the north side of said Carson Street.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the recommendations of the
City Planning Commission on the proposed revision of the Master Plan of Zoning,
the following discussion was held.

	I- FRANCISCO PARK

(Maryland Parkway and San Francisco Streets)

Mr. A.W. Ham, J . and Mrs. Sandler appeared before the Commission, protesting
the proposed revision from R-2 to R-l of the proposed Francisco Park, Tract No. 2.

II	- STOCKER PROPERTY

(Maryland Parkway and San Francisco Streets)

Mr. C. Norman Cornwall appeared before the Board on behalf of Mr. and Mrs. Harold
J. Stocker to protest the changing from C-l to R-2. This property is a five