ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-20

Resolution Authorizing
Call for Construction
Bids - Section I & II

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final passage.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and as an emer-
gency ordinance. Commissioner Peccole seconded the motion* The question being upon the passage
and adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result: Those voting aye;
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those voting nay; None. Ab-
sent; None.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all commissioners having voted in favor thereof,
said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Whipple moved this ordinance be numbered 544.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the adoption of the following resolution authorizing the publication
of notice that bids for the installation of improvements in Assessment District No. 100-20, Section
I, II will be opened May 1, 1953.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken steps to create cer-
tain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency Ordinance No. 544, passed, adopted,
and approved this 10th day of April, 1953; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City Clerk to advertise for
construction bids all in accordance with the proceedings heretofore taken to construct said im-
provements by special assessment;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at
a special meeting thereof held on the	10th day of April,	1953, that the City Clerk and Clerk 	of

the Board of Commissioners be and she	is hereby directed	to publish notice that the Board of	Com-

missioners will receive bids for furnishing of labor, material, transportation and service for
improvements of certain streets and parts of streets in Special Assessment District No. 100-20
as created by Emergency Ordinance No.	 544 of the City of	Las Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the	City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and

she hereby is directed to publish notice of the receipt of bids for said construction by publi-
cation on April 13, April 20, and April 27, 1953, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper pub-
lished in the City of Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be direc-
ted to publish in said notice that the bids for said construction will be received until 7:55
P.M.. on Friday, the 1st day of May, 1953, and said bids will be opened at 8:00 P.M. or thereabouts
on said day;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Notice shall designate that bids will be received for two
sections of said work and shall be in substantially the form attached to this Resolution and made
a part hereof.

ADOPTED and APPROVED this 10th day of April, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett* Peccole* Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Jarrett
moved this meeting adjourn.	