CIVIL RIGHTS

TELEPHONE SERVICE
Bel Aire Subdivision

CLARK COUNTY HUMANE
SOCIETY

Renewal of Contract

U.S. GOVERNMENT SEWER

DEMAND



TAXI APPLICATIONS
Yellow Cab
Company



CIVIL SERVICE RECOMMEN-
DATION

Chief of Police Secre-
tary

GAMING APPLICATION
New



New Location

HEERS SUBDIVISION
Final Map
Tract No. 1
✓

MORNING VIEW HEIGHTS
SUBDIVISION
Final Map



TRAILER COURT LICENSE
Jodie Cannon

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Hotel-Motel Rate
Posting

CROWN BODY & COACH	$27,328.00

YANKEE MOTOR BODIES	CORP.	24,989.00

LORENZO SMITH	No Bid -Protest of specifications

SEAGRAVE CORP.	23,281.00

HERB WALDMAN MOTORS	25,680.00	Alternate	$23,750.00

CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE	25,286.00

Commissioner Jarrett moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager, Comptroller and
Fire Chief for checking and recommendation back to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mrs. Warden and Woodrow Wilson, representing the Nevada Chapter of the NAACP appeared
before the Board and requested the enactment of legislation that would enforce local food
establishments to serve colored people. Discussion followed.

Commissioner Jarrett stated that he did not feel that local legislation was necessary since this
right was granted by the Constitution of the United States.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this matter be referred to the City Attorney for investigation,
clarification and any legal information as to what the Board should do in this matter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mrs. Dobrow, Mrs. Donatt, Mrs. Allen and Mrs. Muriton, residents of the Bel-Aire
Subdivision were present to discuss the refusal of the Southern Nevada Telephone Company to
install telephones in this subdivision.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be instructed to inquire of the Southern Nevada
Telephone Compary why they do not give service to the Bel Aire Subdivision.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the contract with the Clark County Humane Society be renewed for
another year; on the same basis as last year, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Attorney Cannon reported that Senator George Malone had written that he has introduced
a bill to the Senate for the relief of the City insofar as the sewer demand made by the
Government.

Commissioner Bunker moved that until the Board makes some policy on the issuance of taxi
applications, he moved the application of the Yellow Cab Company for license for seven
additional taxis be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following voter Commissioners Bunker,
Sharp, Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Civil Service Trustees that the secretary
for the Chief of Police be reclassified from intermediate Stenographer to Senior Stenographer
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of William Byrne dba Byrne's Sports Book at 115
North 1st for license for one Sports Book for the third quarter of 1953 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the Chicadee Arcade by Kroloff Distributing
1314 F Street for 4. Slot Machines and Sam Don, dba Sav-On Liquor Store, 504 North Main,
for 1 Slot Machine for the third quarter of 1953 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Heers Subdivision, Tract No. 1 be approved subject
to the filing of the performance bond and the Water Agreement, and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Sharp,
Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett for obvious reasons. Commissioner
Bunker passed his vote.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Morning View Heights Subdivision be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Jodie Cannon for license to operate the Shady
Spot Trailer Park at 711 Van buren be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp asked for additional time before reporting on the proposed
ordinance requiring hotels and motels to post their rates. Mr. Sharp stated that they
were waiting for report from the Motel Owners Association.

8-5-53