Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of December 2, 7, and 9, 1953 be approved by 

	reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT	This was the time set for the Public Hearing on Use Permit for the First Baptist Church

First Baptist Church	to construct a Church and parsonage on the north side of Palomino Lane between Campbell

Approved	Drive and Shetland Road.

U-68-53

Mr. John McNamee, representing Mr. Robert F. Iverson and Mr. Bert Failing, asked that the
Board deny this Use Permit on the grounds that they wish this to remain a residential area.

Others who appeared to protest the granting of this Use Permit were Mr. Abe Miller, Mrs.

Helen Failing and Mrs. W. H. Bell.

Mr. Charles Deaner and Reverend Walter Bishop appeared before the Board at this time asking
that this Use Permit be approved.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission that this application
be approved be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular meeting
on the l6th day of December, 1953, having considered the application of the First Baptist
Church for a Use Permit to construct a church and parsonage on Palomino Lane; and

The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission recommending
approval of this application.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the First
Baptist Church, U-68-53, as approved by the City Planning Commission, be and the same
is hereby granted, and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VACATION	This is the time set for the Public Hearing on the vacation of a 40 foot strip on the north

Charleston Blvd.	side of Charleston Boulevard between 15th and l6th Streets.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to the proposed vacation and if the residents
of this area had deposited money for improvements. There were no objections.

Commissioner Bunker moved this vacation be approved subject to payment of cash for improvements,
and the following order adopted:

ORDER

A Petition, dated the 12th day of August, 1953, signed by four (4) freeholders re-
siding in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning
for the vacation of a strip of land forty (40) feet in width on the north side of Charleston
Boulevard between l5th and 16th Streets, hereinafter described, and said Petition having
been by Order of this Board referred to the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas
for. its recommendation in the premises, and said Planning Commission having filed its re-
port, dated October 15, 1953. with the Board recommending the approval of said vacation;

And this Board, by an order made at its regular meeting held on the 21st day of
October, 1953, set the 16th day of December, 1953, at the hour of 7:30 P.M. at the Commis-
sioners Room of the Board of Commissioners in the City Hall, located at the Northwest cor-
ner of 5th and Stewart Streets, in the city of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time
and place for the public hearing on said Petition and recommendation, and ordered the City
Clerk to cause the aforesaid strip of land proposed to be vacated to be posted with a
notice setting forth the time and place of the public hearing and the extent of the proposed
vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Donald H. Brockley, filed with the Clerk
of this Board, that the notice provided for in said order, a copy of which notice is at-
tached to said affidavit, was posted on the 12th day of November, 1953, in the manner pre- scribed by said order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for vacation and
the recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having heard evidence
in support of and there being no opposition to said Petition;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Sharp and Whipple, constituting all members of said Board, and all members voting
in favor of said vacation, that the strip of land proposed to be vacated is no longer re-
quired for the public use and convenience, that. said vacation will inure to the benefit of
the City of Las Vegas, and that neither the public nor any person will be materially in-
jured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portion of street as recorded
in Book 2 of Plats, Page 47, Clark County Records, to-wit:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and being more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

Commencing at the Southwest corner of Section 35, Township 20 South, Range
61 East, M.D.B. &. M.; thence South 89°33'38" East along the South line of
said Section 35 a distance of 416.11 feet to a point of intersection with
the extension of the East line of l5th Street and the South line of Section
35; thence North 28°13'04" East and along the extension of the East line of