450

LONELY HEARTS CLUB

LICENSES



GAMING LICENSE - Addn.

of Partners
Las Vegas Club Bingo

FIRE TRUCK PURCHASE
Advertise for Bids

CIVIL DEFENSE

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all commissioners having voted
in favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly padded
and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the foregoing emergency ordinance be numbered 561.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following voter
Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

The matter of the issuance of licenses to Lonely Hearts Clubs was referred to
Commissioners Bunker and Whipple for recommendation and investigation.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Milton Prell & Associates and the
Las Vegas Club Partnership for license for one Bingo Game and 205 chairs at
the Las Vegas Club, 18 Fremont for the third quarter of 1953 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that bids for a new fire truck be sent out, to be
received and opened at the earliest possible date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

Commissioners Jarrett and Sharp were appointed to investigate the records
that have been kept by Civil Defense and ascertain if they belong to the
City. They were further requested to look into the matter of turning over
this matter to the American Legion, VFW, DAV and other agencies on a
voluntary basis, and report back to the Board.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time
Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Sharp.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

7-15-53