authorizing a temporary loan in the amount of $25,000.00 as in said resolution set forth and
authorized, a certified copy of the resolution of said Board of Finance authorizing said
temporary loan being in the words and figures following;

"STATE BOARD OF FINANCE"

Meeting held July 15, 1952

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

to make temporary emergency loan

WHeREaS, It being made to appear to the satisfaction of the State Board of Finance, duly-
called and met in session under and pursuant to the provisions of that certain Act of the
Legislature of Nevada entitled "An Act Regulating the Fiscal Management of Counties, Cities,

Towns, School Districts and other Governmental Agencies," approved March 22, 1917, as amended,
that a great necessity or emergency has arisen in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
Necessity now exists for authorizing the obtaining of a temporary loan by and on the part of the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the purpose of meeting such emergency
as expressed in and shown by the preamble and resolution unanimously adopted at a meeting of said
Board of Commissioners duly called and held on the 27th day of June, 1952, authorizing a temporary
loan for the purpose set forth in said resolution, a duly certified copy of which is now on file
and of record in the office of the State Board of Finance; and

WHEREAS, It further appearing that notice of intention to adopt said emergency resolution
was duly published according to law; therefore, be it

RESOLVED, By the State Board of Finance, that said act and resolution of said Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, State of Nevada, authorizing a
temporary loan of Twenty-Five (25,000.00) thousand dollars as in said resolution set forth
and authorized, be and the same is hereby approved; and be it further

RESOLVeD, That a duly certified copy of this resolution be transmitted by the Secretary of
the State Board of Finance to said Board of Commissioners of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada in
order that the same may be recorded in the minutes of the meeting of said Board of Commissioners,
as provided by law,

which certified copy was upon motion duly made, seconded and unanimously carried by the said
Board of City commissioners, ordered to be recorded in the minutes of this Board of City
Commissioners and

WHEREAS, The Board of Commissioners being authorized to make an emergency loan in the sum of
Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000.00) to meet the emergency set forth in the resolution by
this Board adopted at its meeting held on the 27th day of June, 1952, as aforesaid.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the City Manager and City Comptroller make a temporary
loan as provided in the Emergency Resolution of June 27, 1962; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that when said Emergency loan has been made, a report be filed with
this Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tern Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett, and carried unanimously,

DEED Oakey Boulevard the following Resolution is adopted:

R/W L.A. Woitishek

RESOLUTION

BE IT ReSOLVED, this 6th day of August, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 25th day of July, 1952, executed by Fifth
Street Properties, Inc., L.A. Woitishek, President, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes
and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER ReSOLVeD, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that the
same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved that action on whether or not Oakridge Subdivision, would be required to
pave the portion of Oakey Boulevard in front of their Subdivision, be held in abeyance until the
next regular meeting on August 20, 1952.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

The Mayor Pro Tem announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to offer for sale, and to receive sealed bids and publicly open the
same for the City's special assessment negotiable coupon bonds, designated City of Las Vegas Assess-
ment District No. 100-17 Street Improvement Bonds, Series of July 1, 1952 in the aggregate principal
amount of $273,971.88.

Thereupon, all of said bids received were opened and are as follows:

ANNUAL RATE	PREMIUM	NO. OF SETS

OF INTEREST	OOF COUPONS

K OF NEVADA	4.40%	None	2

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager and City
Attorney for approval and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,	none.	Absent: Mayor	Baker.

REQUEST FOR warnings Commissioner Jarrett moved that in view of	information from the City Attorney	that the City	may

Floyd E.	Young	not have the authority to pay the claim of	Floyd E. Young for earnings	during	the time he was

	suspended from the Police Department, that	this claim in the amount of	$921.44 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

assessment district
NO. 100-17
Bid on Bonds

BIDDeR

FIRST NATIONAL BANK

OAKRIDGE SUBDIVISION
Oakey Blvd.
Improvement