596

BUSINESS LICENSE C. Van Patten  	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett.  Commissioner Sharp stated that he owns a house in this area.  Mr. Harry Claiborne, representing Mr. C. Van Patten, appeared before the Board at this time with Mr. Van Patten regarding Mr. Van Patten's business license. Considerable discussion was held.  Commissioner Bunker moved to instruct the Building Department to hold up any further approval of inspections in Van Patten Tract # 2 until a sufficient adjustment has been made to the City at the next meeting.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carrie d by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, hippie and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
BUSINESS LICENSE E. T. Silva  Morvay Building Supply	Mr. Wm. Coulthard, representing Mr. E. T. Silva of the Morvay Building Supply Co., appeared before the Board at this time with Mr. Silva regarding Mr. Silva's business license.
	Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be held in abeyance until the next meeting of the Board.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
BUSINESS LICENSE Best Sign Company  	The owners of the Best Sign Company appeared before the Board at this time regarding their business license being revoked for failing to comply with requests of the Fire Department.  The Board decided to hold this matter in abeyance until the next meeting.
SILVER STATE ELKS CLUB Liquor License	Mr. Michael Hines, representing Mr. David Hoggard, Exhaulted Ruler of the Silver State Elks Club, appeared before the Board at this time with Mr.
	Hoggard, regarding liquor being served to a minor.  Mr. Hoggard was warned by the Board of Commissioners that his license would be revoked if it happens again.  The Commission wanted to go on record at this time that any place of business selling liquor to minors would have their licenses revoked.
APPLICATION FOR PERMIT Construction of Cabana William Deer  	At this time the application for permit for construction of a cabana along side property line on property of William Deer 2824 Ashby Avenue, was con- sidered by the Board.  Commissioner Jarrett moved this application be referred to the Planning Commission.
	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REDUCTION OF SOLICITORS At this time the Board considered the request of Sears Roebuck co. for reduction

LICENSEE FEE Sears Roebuck Company	of solicitors license fee for solicitors for the American Peoples Encyclopedia.  Commissioner Bunker moved this reguest for reduction of solicitors license fee be reduced and the following licenses be reduced to $5.00 per quarter:  a)	John Sterling Davidson  b)	Ross W. Judson  c)	Quinton Hugh McPherson  d)	James Dale Miller  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
CONDEMNED BUILDING Mikes Liquor Store 106 Fremont	Mr. David Zenoff, representing Mikes Liquor Store, 106 Fremont, Mr. Alfred Ripps, appeared before the Board at this time, stating that they have not as yet found a location satisfactory for Mr. Ripp's needs.
CONDEMNED BUILDING Smith & Chandler 110 Fremont	Mr. Wm. Coulthard, representing Smith and Chandler, 110 Fremont, appeared before the Board at this time with M . Chandler, stating that they are trying diligently to locate another business location.

APPLICATION FOR VARIANCE At this time the City Manager made a report on the application of Lon Gene,

Lon Gene, Inc.	Inc. for a variance to construct two buildings on Lots A, B, C, D, E, F, G and H, Block 20, Ladds Addition.
Rescind Vacation Order Blk 20, Ladds Andn	Commissioner Sharp moved to rescind the action of the Board of Commissioners on February 20, 1952 in which they ordered the vacation of the alley in Block 20, Ladds Addition because of the fact that the conditions were never fulfilled and the ordered vacation has never been signed.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following votE: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  Commissioner Whipple moved the application of LonGeney Inc. for a variance to construct two buildings on Lots A, B, C, D, E, F, G and H, Block 20,  Ladds Addition be denied and the following resolution adopted:
	BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular meeting on the 17th day of February, 1954, having con- sidered the application of LonGene, Inc, for a variance to construct two buildings on Lots A, B, C, D, E, F, G and H, Block 20, Ladds Addition; and

2-17-54