VARIANCE APPLICATION
Nicholas J. Heilman
Approved

V 81-53

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Ray Cutright
Public Hearing Set
V-80-53

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Rose C Ullom
Approved
V-82-53

STREET NAME CHANGE
Public Hearing Set

PROPOSED ANNEXATION
ORDINANCE

Unfavorable REport

At this time the Commission considered the recommendation from the Planning
Commission approving the application of Nicholas J. Heilman for variance to
Construct and maintain apartments to conform with the R 4 Use District, on
Lots 25 to 32 of Block 5, Fisher's Fremont Street-Boulder Dam Highway-First
Subdivision.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
approved and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 26th day of October, 1953, Nicholas J. Heilman filed an
application with the Planning Commission for variance to construct and maintain
apartments to conform with the R-4 (Apartment Residence) Use District located
on Lots 25 to 32, inclusive, Block 5 of Fisher's Fremont Street, Boulder Dam
H ghway, First Subdivision, in an R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on November 12, 1953, the Planning Commission held a public
hearing on this application for variance at which time no objections were
raised and no communications protesting, the granting of this variance were
received; and

WHEREAS, on November 12, 1953, the Planning Commission voted to approve
the application inasmuch as it was felt that this use would not prove detrimental
to the surrounding properties; and



WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on
November 16, 1953, recommending that such Variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Planning Commission
that Nicholas J. Heilman be granted a variance to construct and maintain apartments
to conform with the R-4 (Apartment Residence) Use District located on Lots 25 to 32
inclusive, Block 5 of Fisher's Fremont Street, Boulder Dam Highway, First Subdivision
in an R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District, be and the same is hereby approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the recommendation from the Planning Commission
denying the application of Ray M. Cutright to construct and maintain a garage with
an apartment on the second floor at 348 North 14th Street.

Mr. Cutright's appeal of this decision was filed with the Board at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing on this application for
variance be held December 16, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Rose C. Ullom to remodel and maintain office buildings on Lots 9
and 10, Block 36 of CLV Townsite, as recommended for approval by the Planning Commission
was considered at this time. Mrs. Ullom proposed to provide off-street parking on
Lots 7, 8 and the south half of Lot 6 of Block 36, CLVT.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission
that the application of Mrs. Ullom for variance be approved, be accepted subject to
compliance with the building code in remodeling this building, and the following
resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 30th day of October, 1953; Rose C. Ullom filed an application
with the Planning Commission for variance to remodel and maintain office buildings
on Lots 9 and 10, and to provide off-street parking on Lots 7 and 8, and the south
half of Lot 6, Block 36, Clarks Las Vegas Townsite; and

WHERAS, on November 12, 1953; the Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on
this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no
communications protesting the granting of this variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on November 12, 1953; the Planning Commission voted to approve the
application inasmuch as it was felt that this use would not prove detrimental to the
surrounding properties; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on November
17; 1953; recommending that such Variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED the recommendation of the Planning Commission
that Rose C. Ullom be granted a variance to remodel and maintain office buildings on
Lots 9 and 10, and to provide off-street parking on Lots 7 and 8, and the South half
of Lot 6, Block 36, Clarks Las Vegas Townsite be approved subject to compliance with
the building code, be and the same is hereby approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that a public hearing on the recommendation of the Planning
Commission to change the name of Park Street in the Sunrise Acres Tract No. 1 be
held December 2, 1953; at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none

Commissioner Bunker, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance
for annexation of certain property to the city limits, reported favorably at this time.

This proposed annexation includes certain parcels of property generally described
as follows:

1)	SE 1/4, NW 1/4, Section 1, T21S, R6lE, MDB&M -Two parcels

2)	NE 1/4 of Section 35, T20S, R60E, MDB&M.