288-A

to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be filed in writing in the office
of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

SECTION 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, diagrams,
and plans with the City Clerk for examination of the proposed improvement or work, of the location of
the improvement, and of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and con-
sider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improve-
ments. Said notice shall be given by publication for at least once a week for two successive weeks in
the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, and by posting notices in
three public places near the site of said proposed work.

Section 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances or parts of by-laws, orders, re-
solutions and ordinances in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses of parts of this ordinance shall,
for any reason be questioned, or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate
the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sec-
tions, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the in-
applicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one
or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this or-
dinance in any other instances.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to
meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it	is	necessary immediately

to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby	declared that	an	emergency exists, and

that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation	of the public	peace, health and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of	the Board of	Commissioners	of	the City of Las Vegas,

shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this
ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 25th day of March, 1953.

Commissioner Bunker then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The
question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following
result:	Those voting aye:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Absent:	None. Those voting nay; none.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed
and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Peccole and seconded by Commissioner Bunker that all rules
of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this
ordinance at this meeting be and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting
the final passage and adoption of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the
roll was called with the following result: Those voting aye; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett,
Peccole, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent: None. Those voting nay; none.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Peccole then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full
at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Bunker seconded the motion, and
the question being upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result:	Those

 voting aye; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent:	None

Those voting nay; none.

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final
passage.

Commissioner Peccole then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and as an
emergency ordinance. Commissioner Bunker seconded the motion. The question being upon the
passage and adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result: Those

voting aye; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent:	None.

Those voting nay; none.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners having voted in favor thereof,
said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted as an emergency ordin-
ance.

Commissioner Peccole moved this ordinance be numbered 534.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-19

Determination to Create
Emergency Ordinance

No. 535

Commissioner Peccole introduced and moved the adoption of the following emergency ordin-
ance, which was thereupon read in full, and at length, and is as follows: