5th STREET IMPROVEMENT
Sidewalks & Street
Lighting

DRIVEWAY PERMIT
Charleston & Maryland
Parkway
Thomas Oakey

DRIVEWAY PERMIT
Leslie P. Goebel

BASEBALL LEAGUE
Resolution
#475

CONDEMNED BUILDING
License Applications

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

Geraldine M. Stocker
San Pedro Street

Discussion was held on the installation of sidewalks and street lighting on South 5th Street.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved a study be made to determine the method of assessing
the cost, whether on a benefit or on the basis of the City paying the expense for the
installation of sidewalks and street lights on South 5th Street, from Oakey Boulevard
to the intersection of 5th & North Main.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The request of Thomas Oakey for permission to drop the curb one inch for a distance of
140 feet along the westside of Maryland Parkway and 100 feet on the south side of Charleston
Boulevard to provide driveways into the Union Oil Co. was considered at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be referred to the City Engineer to prepare a plan
for driveways in this area to be submitted back to the Board for their consideration.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the request of Leslie P. Goebel for four driveways approximately 42 feet in
length in order that he can have access to his property at l84-192 and 200-208 New York
Street was considered by the Board at this time. The City Engineer, George Wade,
recommended that these driveways be confined to 32 feet in length.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Leslie P. Goebel for four drive-ways at l84-192 and 200-208 New York Street be reduced to 32 feet, as recommended by
the City Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada has been previously represented by a baseball
team in organized baseball; and

WHEREAS, during the year 1953 the said City did not have an entry in any organized
baseball league within the United States; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, feel that the
people of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada deserve and will support a team in the California
State League;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA, that by this Resolution this Board requests the Directors of the California State
League to favorably consider the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for membership in the said
League; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be presented to the proper
officials of the California State League.

DATED this 4th day of November, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The following applications for renewal of license for the fourth quarter in buildings
that have been condemned by the Building Department, were presented to the Board for
their consideration:

a)	C. H. Searway - rooms - 226 North 2nd

b)	Leather Shop - Harold & Fred Souder - 116 North 1st Street

c)	Bud's Apartments - Howard Burgess - 213 North 2nd

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the above applicants for license be granted approval
for ninety days (90), said licenses to be issued for a term no longer than December 31,

1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The quitclaim deed from Mrs. Geraldine M. Stocker for a thirty foot strip shown on the
subdivision map known as Francisco Park was presented at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried, the
following resolution is adopted and order made:

be IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of November, 1953, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 7th
day of October, 1953, executed by Geraldine M. Stocker and Harold J. Stocker

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.