AGREEMENT - State
Highway Department
North 5th Street

CHARLESTON BLVD.

10 Foot Set-Back



GAMING APPLICATION
Fortune Club



PROPOSED ORDINANCE

 RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken steps
to create certain public improvements, all as provided for in Emergency Ordinance
No. 542, passed, adopted, and approved the 6th day of April, 1953; and

WHEREAS, on the 6th day of April, 1953, the City Clerk by Resolution was di-
rected to publish notice of the receipt of bids for the construction work pro-
vided in said Emergency Ordinance No. 542; and

WHEREAS, the notice of the receipt of said bids was published in accordance
with said Resolution; and

WHEREAS, the said bids for said construction work were received and opened
by the City of Las Vegas on the 27th day of April, 1953; and

WHEREAS, the acceptance of said bids was recessed until the 29th day of Ap-
ril, 1953; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to accept bids on the creation of the said
public improvements as provided for in said Emergency Ordinance No. 542; and

WHEREAS, it appears that the bid of IDEAL ASPHALT PAVING COMPANY is the best
bid for the construction of said public improvements;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a special meeting thereof held on the 29th day of April, 1953,
that the bid of said IDEAL ASPHALT PAVING COMPANY, whereby said bidder agrees to
construct the said public improvements for the sum of $64,342.20, all in accord-
ance with the plans and specifications on file, be, and the same hereby is accep-
ted, subject to the sale of bonds for this District and said bid is awarded to
the said IDEAL ASPHALT PAVING COMPANY and the Mayor and City Clerk are authorized
to sign all necessary contract documents.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 29th day of April, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following voter Com-
missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the agreement submitted by the State Highway Department regarding the
straightening out of the curves on North 5th Street was presented. This agreement
stipulates that the City is to acquire the rights-of-way and stand any expense in-
volved in obtaining the same.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that action on this agreement be deferred
and the matter referred to the City Manager for investigation as to the cost in-
volved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Peccole moved the City Manager be authorized to write a letter to
Houston Mills, State Highway Engineer requesting that the State Highway Depart-
ment's requirement of a 10 foot set-back on Charleston Boulevard between 10th and
15th Streets be lifted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Cecil Lynch, Harry Gordon, Fortune
Club, 109 Fremont for license for 12 addition slot machines for the second quarter
of 1953 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Peccole moved the City Attorney be instructed to prepare a new ordi-
nance prohibiting any member of the Board, or his agent receiving any remuneration
indirectly or directly, involving any transaction that might come before the Board.

This motion died for lack of a second.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following voter Com-
missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent; Mayor Baker.