USE PERMIT APPLICATION This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application of the Presbyterian
Public Hearing Church for a Use Permit to construct a church on Lot 7 of Ellis Estates Subdivision, being
Presbyterian Church generally located on the southwest corner of Desert Lane and Charleston Boulevard, the
U-70-53	matter was considered by the Board.



Mr. Herb Jones representing the Presbyterian Church appeared before the Board at this time
asking that this Use Permit be granted.

Mrs. Mary Tomlinson appeared at this time protesting the granting of this Use Permit.

Mr. Milton Keefer, representing Dr. James Swank, A. R. Addison and James Costello Sr.,
appeared before the Board at this time. Mr. Keefer stated that his clients would make
no objections to this Use Permit if there were no other objections from the residents of
this area.

TRIP EXPENSES
Richard Cluphf

HOUSE MOVING

HOUSE MOVING
Guy Mathis

Mr. Herb Jones stated at this time that the. following stipulations would be met:

1.	The Board of Trustees of the Presbyterian Church would make no objection
if and when the sewer assessment is put in.

2.	Sufficient space would be maintained within the area for off-street parking.

Commissioner Whipple moved this Use Permit be approved with the above mentioned stipulations
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular
meeting on the 6th day of January, 1954, having held a public hearing on the application
of the Presbyterian Church for a Use Permit to construct a church on Lot 7 of Ellis
Estates Subdivison; and

The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission recommending
approval of this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the Presbyterian
Church as approved by the City Planning Commission, be and the same is hereby granted subject
to the above listed stipulations, and the inspection departments are authorized to issue
the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Richard Cluphf be allowed $90.00 expenses to go to Pasadena,
California and the Mayor and Clerk authorzed to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

At this time the request of M. H. Jones for permission to move a house from 1014 Garces
to the SW corner of 19th and Elm was considered by the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved this request be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

The request of Guy Mathis to move two duplexes from 1013-19 South 3rd to 1150-54 South 4th
Street was considered by the Board at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved this request be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp

PETITION FOR VACATION Commissioner Whipple moved the petition for vacation of a portion of Boulder Avenue lying
Boulder Avenue	east of 2nd Street be referred to the Planning Commission for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp

CONDEMNED BUILDING At this time the request for permission to extend the time for demolition or repair of the
Extension of Time following buildings was considered by the Board:

106-108 Fremont

a)	Lester and Elsie Goldring - 108 Fremont

b)	Alfred and Marie Dorothy Ripps - 106 Fremont

Mr. David Zenoff appeared before the Board at this time on behalf of Mr. Goldring and Mr.
Ripps, asking for this extension of time.

Mr. George Marshall representing Pauline Kline appeared at this time asking the Board to
deny this extension of time as his client wanted these buildings demolished.

At the hour of 9:15 P.M., the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour of
9:30 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Board request a current report from the Building Department
Electrical Department and Fire Department and the matter be held in abeyance until the
next regular meeting on January 20, 1954

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

NAME CHANGE	Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing be set for January 20, 1954 at 7:30 P.M. to

Elm Dr & Tonopah Dr change the name of Elm Drive and Tonopah Drive to Baskin Drive.

Public Hearing Set

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

REMOVAL OF CONDEMNED
BUILDINGS

At this time the recommendation of the Planning Commission to condemn the temporary

construction buildings located on the west side of Maryland Parkway south of Charleston

Boulevard, was considered by the Board.

1-6-54