	PROFESSIONAL DRUG Gayer Co. 421 Fremont St. 3 Slots PIONEER COCKTAIL LOUNGE BY:Chas Addison 25 Fremont St. 5 Slots  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:Commissioners Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner Peccole.
CHANGES	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Mel g. Cooper & P.L. Robinson Holiday Inn, 2205 S. 5th for 4 Slot Machines for the 4th quarter of 1952 be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Hnor voting ayes; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner Peccole.
CINNABAR  	Commissioner Whipple moved the application to add William Eakins name bo the Gaming license for the Cinnabar Casino, 122 North 2nd Street, 1 "2" and 1 Craps for the 4th quarter of 1952 issued last quarter to James Fare and Robert Testolin, be approved subject to investigation by the Police Department.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioner Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner Peccole.
ESQUIRE	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Isadore Bernson Esquire Bar, 120 South 2nd St. for 5 Slots for the 4th quarter of 1952, formerly issued to Bernson and Harry Tabak be approved  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote Commissioners Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Peccole/
MIKE'S LIQUOR STORE	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of M.H. Gordon, & Hyman Friednash to add the names of Milton Dial & A. Ripps for the application for 13 Slot Machines at Mike&s Liquor Store,  106 Fremont be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.
RANCHO ANITA	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Skinner, Sherart and Larson for 3 Slot Machines for the 4th quarter of 1952 at the Rancho Anita Motel, 2121 South 5th Street be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Peccole.
SELEX COFFEE SHOP	Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Irving I. Gelsin, Selex Coffee Shop, 209 N. Mali for 3 Slot Machines for the 4th Quarter of 1952 be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Peccole.
LIQUOR APPLICATIONS Changes-Esquire	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Isador Bernson, Esquire Bar, 120 South 2nd St. for a tavern license for the 4th quarter of 1952, dropping the name of Harry Tabak be approved. MOTIon seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye: noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Peccole. ...
Modern Market	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Joe Gordon and L.D. Stein, Modern Market, 121 Nor 5th for a Retail Liquor License for the 4th quarter of 1952 be approved subject to the filing of letter from R.D. Bingham, former owner, and subject to investigation by the Police Department.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner Peccole.

**

SALE OF LIQUOR	The Board requested that Grocery Stores and Drug Stores having package liquor licenses be notified

NEW	that they must have clerks on duty specifically assigned to dispense liquor. Commissioner Whipple moved the following new applications for liquor licenses be denied.
LUCKY STRIKE LIQUOR	Abe Kroloff 114 South 1st Ret. Liquor Mina.
MELODIE LANE CAFE	Tom Panos 234 Fremont Cabaret
PLAYLAND	George G. Parry 108 Carson Ret. Liquor Mina.
RIZZO'S ITALIAN FOOD	Philip L. Rizzo 1737 S. 5th Retail Liquor
WIMPY'S DRIVE IN	Drexel Denton 1516 S. 5th Ret. Liquor Mina.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Peccole.
SIGN VIOLATION	Commissioner Jarrett moved the MacDonald Hotel be notified to comply with the Building Code requirements regarding their sign.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote Commissioners Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Peccole.
GARBAGE MEN DEPUTIZED  	Commissioner Jarrett moved that Blaine Johnson and Houston Blankenship of the Southern Nevada Disposal Co. be deputized to issue citations on garbage violations.
CHILD WELFARE BOARD	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Peccole.  Moved  Commissioner Bunker/that Dr. Joseph George be appointed to replace Mrs. Marc Wilkinson on the Child Welfare Board, and if the Doctor cannot serve that Mrs. W. LaGrange be appointed.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioner Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner Peccole.
ENGINEERING DEPT. Reclassification	Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Assistant City Manager relative to the reclass ification of a position in the Engineering Department be approved#  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Peccole.

MIKE's LIQUOR **** Commissioner Whipple moved the application to add the names of Milton Dial and A. Ripps to the

liquor license for Mikes Liquor Store, 106 Fremont be approved. subject to investigation

DEPARTMENT.

by the