herein provided, it shall be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to said County
Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the assessment roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners,
with her certificate of such confirmation, and of the date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-
Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record such Assessment Roll in his
office, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording, whereupon from said date all
persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents of such Assessment Roll, and it shall be prima facie
evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof,
and of the validity of the assessment and Assessment Roll.

Section 14. That all special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall from the date of confirmation
and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land assessed. The special
assessments thereafter shall be and remain a lien on the respective lots and parcels of land assessed until
paid.

Section 15. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the County Treasurer
of Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-Officio City Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, within ten days after said special assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without inter-
est and without demand; provided, that all such assessments, or any part thereof, may, at the election of
the owner, be paid in installments, with interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay the whole
assessment, or any part thereof, within said period of ten days shall be conclusively considered and held
an election on the part of all persons interested, whether under disability or otherwise, to pay in such
installments. In case of such election to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be payable
at the office of said Ex-Officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual installments of princi-
pal, the first of which installments of principal shall be due and payable on or before the 1st day of
December, 1953, and the remainder of said installments shall be due and payable successively on or before
the same day in each year thereafter until paid in full, with interest in all cases on the unpaid and de-
ferred installments of principal from the 1st day of January, 1953, at the same rate of interest as that
provided for in the special assessment bond to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered, but
not to exceed seven per centum (7%) per annum, payable annually at the office	of said 	Ex-Officio City Trea-
surer, the first annual payment of	interest being due and payable on	the said	1st day	of December, 1953,

and the remainder of said annual installments of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of Decem-
ber in each year thereafter. Failure to pay any installment, whether of principal or interest, when due,
shall cause the whole of the unpaid principal to become due and payable immediately, and the whole amount
of the unpaid principal and accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum
per annum, until the day of sale, but at any time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may pay the a-
mount of all unpaid installments, with interest thereon at ten per centum per annum, and all penalties
accrued, and shall thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner
as if default had not been suffered. The owner of any property not in default as to any installment or
payment, may, at any time, pay the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the
next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County on
and against the several owners and	premises, and the County Assessor	of Clark	County,	acting Ex-Officio

Assessor of the City of Las Vegas,	is hereby authorized and directed	to enter	the same on the tax roll

of said County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the
County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-Officio City Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of
Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same
time as other State and County taxes are collected.

Section 16. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when collected, shall be placed
in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-19 Bond Interest and Re-
demption Fund," and as such shall at all times constitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially appro-
priated to the payment of the special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to be hereafter
authorized, sold, issued and delivered for the purpose of paying in part the cost or expense of said improve-
ments; and said fund shall be applied to payment for the improvements for which said assessments were made,
and shall not be used for any other purpose until said bonds and the interest thereon is fully paid.

Section 17. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved, said Ex-Officio City
Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-Officio City Assessor whose name appears
on said Assessment Roll, by United States of America Mail, that an assessment has been levied against
said person and the designated property in said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-19, and
shall state therein when and where said assessment is due and payable.

Section 18. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this ordinance) heretofore taken
by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City, directed toward the constructing and reconstruct-
ing drainage, making minor repairs, installing seal coat and chips and otherwise improving certain streets
and parts of streets in said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-19, toward the creation of
said District, and toward levying and effecting special assessments to defray the entire cost thereof be,
and the same is, hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

Section 19. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders, reso-
lutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 20. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall,
for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the
remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections,
sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability 
and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances
shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other in-
stances.

Section 21. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to
meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to
raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that
this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 22. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall 
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance
shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question being upon the
adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following results:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker