Las Vegas,Nevada
October 1, 1952

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this
1st day of October, 1952, was called to order at the hour of 7:50 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
C.D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor C.D. Baker
Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner Rex A Jarrett
Commissioner Reed Whipple

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
Ass't City Mgr. Dora lord
City Clerk Shirley Ballinger

Absent: Commissioner William Peccole
City Manager C.W. Shelley

MINUTES	Commissioner Bunker moved the Minutes of September 24, 1952 be approved by reference and the Mayor

and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Whipple,
Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; hoes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

PUBLIC HEARING This being the time set for the Public Hearing on the petition for the vacation of a portion of the alley
Vacation of Alley in Block 9, Meadows Addition, His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this vacation
Blk 9, Meadows Addn. There were no objections filed or voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be approved
and the following order of vacation adopted:

ORDER

A Petition, dated the 14th day of August, 1952, signed by six (6) freeholders residing in the
area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of certain
streets and parts of streets in the Meadows Addition hereinafter described, and said Petition having been
by Order of this Board referred to the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas for its recommendation
in the premises, and said Planning Commission having filed its report, dated August 14, 1952, with this
Board approving and recommending said vacation;

And this Board, by an order made at its regular meeting held on the 20th day of August, 1952, set the
1st day of October, 1952, at the hour of 7:30 o’clock P.M. at the Commissioners' Room of the Board of
Commissioners, in the War Memorial Building, located at the Northwest Corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets,
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and place for the Public Hearing on said Petitions
and recommendation, and Ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid street and parts of street proposed
to be vacated to be posted with a Notice setting forth the time and place of the Public Hearing and the
extent of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the Affidavit of Charles V. Cudeny, filed with the Clerk of this Board, that the
Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which notice is attached to said affidavit, was posted on
the 29th day of August, 1952, in the manner prescribed by said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the Hearing on said Petition for vacation and the recommendation of the
Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having heard evidence in support of and there being no opposi-
tion to said Petition and recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the portions of the street proposed to be vacated
are no longer required for the public use and convenience, that said vacation will inure to the benefit of
the City of Las Vegas, and that neither the Public nor any person will be materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portions of street and alley in the Meadows Addition as
recorded in Book 1 of Plats, Page 43, Clark County Records, to-wit:

The northerly five (5) feet the alley in Block 9,

Meadows Addition.

be, and the same is hereby vacated.

APPROVED:

C.D. BARER, MAYOR

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger, City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Whipple,
Jarrett and His Honor voting noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning-Blk 6
Ladd's Addn
H.J. Stocker

This being the time set for the Public Hearing on the petition of H.J. Stocker for the rezoning of Lots 7
to 16 inclusive of Block 6, Ladd's Addition from R-3 to C-l, His Honor asked if there was anyone present
who wished to protest this rezoning. There were no objections filed or voiced.