Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses
or parts of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be
held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the
remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its
operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this
ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability
and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance
in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way
the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the
City of Las Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs
of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately
to raise funds to. improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared
that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the
immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 11, That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada shall cause this ordinance to be published
once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading
and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City,
and this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second
publication hereof,

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED This 25th day of March, 1953.

s/ C.D, BAKER,

Mayor

(SEAL)

Attest:

s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

Commissioner Bunker then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance.

The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with
the following results Those voting aye:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole,

Whipple and Mayor Baker, Absents None, Those voting Nay: None.

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance
duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Peccole and seconded by Commissioner Bunker
that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final
passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be and the same are
hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption
of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the
rules, the roll was called with the following results Those voting Aye;

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absents None,

Those voting Nay: None,

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Peccole then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and
read in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Bunker
seconded the motion, and the question being upon its passage, the roll was called
with the following result:	Those voting aye. Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole,

Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent: None, Those voting Nay; None.

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon
its final passage.

Commissioner Peccole then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as
read and as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Bunker seconded the motion.

The question being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance, the roll
was called with the following results Those voting aye; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent: None. Those voting Nay;
None.

The presiding officer declared that all commissioners having voted in favor
thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted
as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Peccole moved this ordinance be numbered 535.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following votes 
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.