perty in said Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-5, and shall state therein when
and where said assessment is due and payable.

Section 18. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this ordinance)
heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City, directed toward the
making of said improvements by installing a sanitary sewer along certain streets, easements,
alleys, and portions thereof, in said Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-5,
toward the creation of said District, and toward levying and effecting special assessments to
defray the entire cost thereof, be, and the same is, hereby ratified, approved and confirmed,

Section 19. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-
laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 20. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this
ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or held invalid, such judgment shall not affect,
impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its
operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held uncon-
stitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause
or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way
the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

Section 21. That by reason of the fact that the sewer systems of the City of Las Vegas
is inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is
necessary immediately to raise funds to extend said sewer system, therefore, it is hereby declared
that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of
the public,peace, health and safety.

Section 22. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks
immediately following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily
newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately follow-
ing the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 2nd day of July, 1952.

C.D. Baker
MAYOR

Attest;

Shirley Ballinger
CITY CLERK

Commissioner Jarrett then seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question
being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following results

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Whipple
Commissioner Jarret
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay" None
Absent:Commissioner Peccole

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed
and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Bunker that all rules
of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this
ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting
the final passage and adoption of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll
was called with the following results

Those voting "Aye"; Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baler

Those voting "Nay":	None

Absent:	Commissioner Peccole

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full at
this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Jarrett seconded the motion, and the
question being upon the placing of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the
following result:

Those voting "Aye" Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baler

Those voting "Nay" None

Absent:	Commissioner Peccole

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final passage.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance to be passed and adopted as read and as an
emergency ordinance. Commissioner Jarrett seconded the motion. The question being upon the
passage and adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following results: