40

PUBLIC HEARING -
Rezoning #39-53
B. J. Handlon

PUBLIC HEARING -
Rezoning #40-53
Meadows Addn.

PUBLIC HEARING -
Variance #25-53
H.N. Herzog
Denied

SALE OF CITY
PROPERTY

CITY PROPERTY —
To be offered for
Sale

PUBLIC HEARING -
Variance #29-53
Howard Burgess
Dormitory

MOVING OF BUILDINGS

RANCHOETTE SUBDIVISION
Tentative Map
Rejected

SEWER IMPROVEMENT
ENGINEERING CONTRACT

OUTSIDE STORAGE LOT
Fremont Electric

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple,

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of B. J. Handlon for the
rezoning of Lots 19 and 20, Block 7 of the Original Las Vegas Townsite Addition from R-2
to R-4, said property being located at 711 Wilson Avenue, His Honor asked if there was
anyone present who wished to protest this proposed rezoning. There were no objections
voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commis-
sion that Lots 19 and 20, Block 7 of the Original Las Vegas Townsite Addition be rezoned
from R-2 to R-4, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple,

This being the time set for the public hearing on the proposed rezoning of the following
described property from R-1 to R—4:

Lots 37 to 46 inclusive, Block 2,

Lots 37 to 46 inclusive, Block 3.

Lots 35 to 44 inclusive, Block 10,

Lots 35 to 44 inclusive, Block 11,
all in the Meadows Addition

said property being generally described as those lots fronting on Fairfiled Avenue between
Cincinnati and Baltimore Avenues, His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to
protest this rezoning. There were no objections voiced.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the
above described property in the Meadows Addition be rezoned from R-1 to R-4 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple,

This being the time set for the public hearing on the appeal of the decision of the Reg-
ional Planning Commission denying the application of Harry N. Herzog for variance to permit
the construction and maintaining of a four unit apartment on each of six lots, each of which
are less than 7,000 square feet in area, situated between 13th and 14th Streets, south of
Mesquite Avenue in an R-3 Use District. This property is located on Lots 1, 2, 3, 23, 24
and 25, Block 7, 14th Street Addition.

Mr. Fred Eaton and Mr. W. W. Cantrell appeared before the Board, objecting to this appli-
cation for variance.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that this variance be denied, be upheld.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple,

At this time Acting City Manager A. H. Kennedy reported to the Board that he received a
proposal from M. M. Shaffer to purchase the City property located on the Los Angeles High-
way for $200,000,

Mr. A. W. Ham Jr., appeared before the Board and stated that his clients were willing to
offer $225,000,00 for this property.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the offer of $200,000 for this property be re-
jected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the City Property on the "Strip" be offered for sale on the
same terms and conditions as previously advertised except that the minimum price of
$275,000 be omitted, said bids to be received July 1, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

The public hearing on the appeal of the decision of the Regional Planning Commission deny-
ing the application of Howard Burgess to construct and maintain a trailer park north of
Bonanza Road, south of Marble Manor and west of H Street, having been recessed from a spe-
cial meeting of the Board of Commissioners held May 29, 1953, was considered at this time.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this application for variance to construct and maintain a trailer
park be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

It was the request of the Board that all applications for permits to move buildings within
or into the City be presented to the Board of Commissioners for consideration.

Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of the Ranchoette Subdivision be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The contract with Perliter and Soring for engineering services in connection with the pro-
posed sewer improvement program was referred to City Engineer Sam Keim for study and re-
commendation.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the request of Fremont Electric for an extension of time of 90
days to remove the outside storage lot located in the 100 block on South 10th Street
be granted.

6-17-53