RESOLUTIONS ACCEPTING DEEDS  Sewer Easement  Westside	Deeds for sewer easement on Westside were presented at this time to the Board for consideration.  On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 16th day of December, 1953, by the Board of Commis-

	sioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds, dated and executed as follows:  a)	Arnold Zaugg & Flossie I. Zaugg, dated December 1, 1953.  b)	Arnold Zaugg & Flossie I. Zaugg, dated December 1, 1953.  c)	Herman B. King & Johnnie Mae King, dated November 27, 1953.  d)	Juluas Robinson & Mary L. Robinson, dated November 24. 1953.  to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and in- tentions as therein set forth;  BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.  At the hour of 9:l5 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour of 10:00 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.
VARIANCE APPLICATION Dr. Edgar L. Compton  V-85-53  	At this time the Board considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission that the application of Dr. Edgar L. Compton for variance to construct a motel on the east 200 feet of Lot "M" in Park Place Addition between 5th Place and South 5th Street be approved.  Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be ap- proved with the condition that a 10 foot easement be provided ana a brick wall be built 6 feet high and the buildings be set back 5 feet from the fence line, and the following resolution adopted:  BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular meeting on the 16th day of December, 1953, having considered the appli- cation of Dr. Edgar L. Compton for a variance to construct a motel on the east 200 feet of Lot "M" in Park Place Addition; and  The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission recommending approval of this application.  NOW THEREFORE, IT is the decision of, this Board that the application of Dr. Edgar L. Compton, V-85-53, as approved by the City Planning Commission with the condition that a 10 foot easement be provided and a brick wall be built 6 feet high and the buildings be set back 5 feet from the fence line, be and the same is hereby granted, and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis- sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Jarrett stated he writes insurance for Dr. Compton.
BUSINESS LICENSE APPLICATION Vegas Draperies	At this time the application for a business license by Vegas Draperies at 517 South Main in a building not approved by the Fire Department was considered by the Board.  Commissioner Jarrett moved this application for business license be denied due to nonconforming use.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis- sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
WESTSIDE DAY NURSERY	At this time Mr. Jake Kosloff, representing the Variety Club, appeared before the Board requesting a lease on a portion of the Westside Recreation Center property for the installation of a child nursery.  Thereafter, Commissioner Jarrett moved the City Attorney and City Engineer be authorized to draw up a lease and present it to the Board for consideration.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis- sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  Commissioner Sharp left the meeting at this time.
RELEASE OF BOND Beverly Green  Tract No. 1	Commissioner Whipple moved that the Bond on the Beverly Green Tract No. 1 be re- leased, as recommended by City Engineer.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis- sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.
LOADING ZONE 9th & Fremont  Hotel  	At this time, the Board considered the matter of a loading zone for the 9th and Fremont Hotel located on 9th Street.  Commissioner Bunker moved this loading zone be denied.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis- sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.
ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-18 Partial Payment	Commissioner Whipple moved the partial payment on Assessment District No. 100-18 to Ideal Asphalt Paving Company in the amount of $11,059.42 be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis- sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:  Commissioner Sharp.