7

ENGINEERING SERVICE	Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Engineering Service Corporation for final payment

CORP.	in the total	amount of $10,410.59 as recommended by the City	Manager and City Engineer be

Final Payment	approved and	the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the	warrant when prepared.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting age; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES	Commissioner Bunker moved the claim for damages of John Egan in the total amount of $6500

John Egan	be referred to the City Attorney for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

POLICE DEPARTMENT	At this time Commissioner Bunker made a report on the requirements of the Police Department,

Emergency Loan	and requested that an emergency loan to transfer $25,000 from the General Fund to the

Police Department be made.



Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on this emergency loan be set for June 27, 1952,
at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

REGIONAL PLANNING	Commissioner Bunker 	moved 	the 	City 	pay 	its 	proportionate share 	of the 	required 	increase 	for

Commission	the Regional	Planning 	Commission	 budget, 	being 	a 	maximum of 	$4500, providing 	the	 County 	agrees

	to pay their share.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

GEORGE HARRIS PROPERTY Commissioner Bunker moved the property owned by George Harris on the corner of 4th and Ogden

be declared a nuisance and the City Attorney take the necessary steps to see that it is removed.
	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

FLOYD YOUNG SUSPENSION The decision of the Civil Service Board on the suspension of Floyd Young was presented to the

Board at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved this matter be deferred until Floyd Young presents a claim to the
Board at which time the proper action will be taken.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and lost by the following vote:	Commissioner 
Peccole and Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker and Mayor Baker. Absent:	

Commissioner Jarrett.

WESTSIDE FIRE STATION	Commissioner Peccole moved the request of J. A. Tiberti for payment on the construction of the

Final Payment	Westside Fire Station in the total amount off $3,509.10 be approved and the Mayor and City

	Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners 
Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner Whipple
moved this meeting adjourn until June 11, 1952 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

.................



Las Vegas, Nevada
June 11, 1952

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 11th day of June, 1952,
was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor C. D. Baker with the 
following members present;

Mayor	              C. D. Baker

Commissioner 	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner 	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner              William Peccole
Commissioner  	Reed Whipple

City Attorney               Howard W. Cannon
City Manager              C. W. Shelley
Assistant

City Manager	            Dora Lord

City Engineer	             C. C. Boyer

City Clerk	             Shirley Ballinger

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the installation of improvements
#100-16	in assessment District No. 100-16, bids were received from the following concerns:

Opening of Bids

Installation of 

Improvement