Las Vegas, Nevada
August 5, 1953

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this 5th day of
August, 1953 was called to order at the hour of 7:45 P.M. by His Honor Mayor C.D. Baker with
the following members present:

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

CITY HALL REMODELING Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be authorized to advertise for bids for the remodeling

Bids to be Advertised of City Hall.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SEWER CONNECTION

Algiers Hotel

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-17

Completion of Project

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Change Location



Additional



$900,000.00 GENERAL
OBLIGATION SEWER
BONDS

Opening of Bids

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 11*72 to 1477 inclusive in the net amount
of $40,112.90 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants No s. 2458 to 2463 inclusive in
the total amount of $52,1*86.89 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of June 29, July 1, 3, 7, 15, 20, 22, 23, 27 and 29, 1953
be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following voter Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Attorney and City Manager be authorized to prepare a
contract for the addition of the Algiers Hotel to the "Strip Hotel" sewer service
agreement, including the review of the El Rancho and Thunderbird Fixtures.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that J.M. Murphy Construction Co. be authorized to proceed with
the seal and chips on the streets in Assessment District No. 100-17 immediately.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Theodore Michelas, Tasty Pastry, 2226 E.
Charleston for license for one slot machine for the third quarter of 1953, being a change
of location, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of P.J. and John Buckley for one additional slot
machine at the Cork 'N Bottle, 508 Fremont for the third quarter of 1953 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application by C.C. King for 43 Slot machines, 1 Big 6 Wheel, 1
Faro Bank, 1 Roulette and 1 "21" at the Golden Nuggett, 129 Fremont for the third quarter of
1953, being additional games, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following voter Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of E. Giorgetti dba the Westerner, 23 Fremont
for 9 additional slot machines and L.B. Scherer and A.F. Schellang dba Las Vegas Club, 18
Fremont for 7 additional slot machines for the third quarter of 1953 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the City of Las Vegas General Obligation
Sewer Bonds in the aggregate principal amount of $900,000.00, bids were received from the
following:

8-5-53

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Acting City Mgr.	A.H. Kennedy

City Clerk	Shirley	Ballinger