REQUEST OF CATHOLIC
 CHURCH

REZONING

Set Public Hearing
McDonald & Schado
R-1 to R-2,

R-3 and R—4 

SET PUBLIC HEARING
Orval W. Pralle
R-3 to R-4

SET PUBLIC HEARING
Matilda R. Russell
R-E to R-1

REQUEST OF TRINITY
ASSEMBLY
Use of Property

BID NO. 53.18
Chain Link Fence
Cemetery

HAMBURGER STAND
Eugene & Irene
Bolton



REQUESTS FOR LOAD-
ING ZONES 

Mae L. Larson
&

W.J. URGA

VARIANCE APPLICATION
A.S. & AGNES
ZUMSTEIN
V 20-53

Others who entered into the discussion were, Bishop Crane of the LDS Church, 10th Street Ward
and Richard Ronzone, representing the School Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Curb Line be Sixty Feet between Curbs on South Ninth Street bet-
ween Clark and Bridger in order to permit Angle Parking.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none, Absent:	None.

The request of the Catholic Church to purchase a portion of City Property (Location of Old City
Dump) was referred to C.W. Shelley, City Manager who was instructed to notify Mr. J. Mowbray,
acting for the persons interested and arrange for a committee to study this request. After study
a proposal is to be submitted to the Board for further consideration.

Commissioner Whipple moved the rezoning application of McDonald & Schado to change the of the
NW¼ NW¼ Section 1, T 21 S, R 61 Er proposed Herr Estates Subdivision, from R-1 to R-2, R-3, and
R-4 be set for Public Hearing on Wednesday, May 6, 1953, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	None.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Public Hearing on the application of Orval W. Pralle to rezone Lots
1 to 12, Lots 27 to 36 of Block 3, Lots 25 to 36 of Block 6 and Lots 1 to 8, Block 5 Meadows
Addition from R-3 to R—4 be set for May 6, 1953, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Matilda R. Russell to rezone a portion of the SE¼
SE¼ Section 32, T 20 S, R 61 E, from R-E to R-1, property located between a point 290 feet north
of Charleston Blvd, to the South Line of Palimino Lane and Southwesterly of Rancho Road be set
for May 6, 1953, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	none.

At this time the meeting recessed and reconvened at 10:00 P.M. with all the members present as
of the opening session.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the Trinity Assembly of God Church to use Property
in the 1900 Block on Fremont for the purpose of holding a series of religious services from
April 19 through May 10, 1953, be approved subject to Police, Fire, and Building Department ap-
proval.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioner Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	none.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bid No. 53.18 Chain Link Fence for the
Cemetery, bids were received from the following firms:

SEARS ROEBUCK & CO.

J.A. TIBERTI

LINCOLN WELDING

OPACO WELDING	No Bid

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Comptroller
for check and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the appli-
cation of Irene & Eugene Bolton to install a Hamburger Stand at 3rd and Fremont by denied, be
accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none, Absent: none.

The request of Mae L. Larson for a loading zone in front of the Charleston Hotel, 119 South 1st
Street, and the request of W.J. Urga for a loading zone for the Clark County Electric at 3rd
and Stewart was referred to the City Manager for a report on his recommendation.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of A.S. & Agnes Zumstein
for variance to construct a duplex on a lot with an existing single family structure situated
at 700 South 10th Street, between Garces Avenue and Charleston Boulevard in an R-1 (Single Fam-
ily Residence) Use District. This property is located on Lots 31 and 32, Block 21 in the Wardie
Addition was presented to the Board of Commissioners for their consideration.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on
the application of A.S. and Agnes Zumstein be denied, be accepted and the following resolution
adopted:

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 31st day of March, 1953 A.S. and Agnes Zumstein filed an application with
the Regional Planning Commission for a variance to construct a duplex on a lot with an existing
singLe family structure situated at 700 South 10th Street, between Garces avenue and Charleston
Blvd, in an R-1 ( Single Family Residence ) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on April 9, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on this
application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protest-
ing the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on April 15, 1953, recom-
mending that such variance be denied;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that

