RELEASE OF PERFORMANCE
BOND

K. Howard & Wm. Urga

RESOLUTION
Assessment District
No. 100-18

RESOLUTION
Assessment District
No. 100-19

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the request of K. Howard and William Urga for release of performance
bonds on Park Manor Subdivision, Tracts 1 and 2 be tabled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Clerk be directed by Resolution to publish Notice of Special
Assessment setting time for Public Hearing and the following Resolution adopted.

	RESOLUTION

-------------------

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken steps to create cer-
tain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency Ordinance No. 512, passed, adopted
and approved the 3rd day of December, 1952;

WHEREAS, Section 5 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 512 directs the County Assessor of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
to make an Assessment Roll in accordance with the Charter of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the said Ex-Officio City Assessor has prepared such Assessment Roll in accordance
with said Ordinance and on the 15th day of April, 1953, filed said Assessment Roll with City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, all as directed by Section 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 512; and

WHEREAS, said roll was numbered by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas as directed by
Section 7 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 512; and

WHEREAS, the time has arrived to direct the Notice of Special Assessment to be published
as required by Section 67 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, at
a regular meeting thereof held on the 15th day of April, 1953, that the City Clerk and Clerk of
the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby directed to publish notice of the time and place
when and where the Board and the County Assessor and Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to consider
objections to said special assessment roll and to review said assessments.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall be published once a week
for two successive weeks, to-wit on April 17, 1953 and April 24, 1953, in the Las Vegas Sun, a
daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 15th day of April, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Clerk be directed by Resolution to publish Notice of Special
Assessment, Assessment District No. 100-19 setting time for Public Hearing and the following re-
solution adopted.



WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken steps to create certain
public improvements all as provided for in Emergency Ordinance No. 5U2, passed, adopted and ap-
proved the 6th day of April, 1953.

WHEREAS, Section 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 542 directs the County Assessor of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
to make an Assessment Roll in accordance with the Charter of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the said Ex-Officio City Assessor has prepared such Assessment Roll in accordance
with said Ordinance and on the 15th day of April, 1953, filed said Assessment Roll with City
Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, all as directed by Section 7 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 542;
and

WHEREAS, said Roll was numbered by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas as directed by
Section 8 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 542; and

WHEREAS, the time has arrived to direct the Notice of Special Assessment to be published
as required by Section 67 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, at a
regular meeting thereof held on the 15th day of April, 1953, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the
Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby directed to publish notice of the time and place
when and where the Board and the County Assessor and Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to con-
sider objections to said special assessment roll and to review said assessments.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Norive of Special Assessment shall be published once a week
for two successive weeks, to-wit, on April 17, 1953 and April 24, 1953, in the Las Vegas Sun, a
daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Norice of Special Assessment shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 15th day of April, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	none.