161

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVeN that the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will in the 5th day of November, 1952, at 8:00 P.M., at the City Hall in Las Vegas, Nevada offer
for sale, receive sealed bids and publicly open the same for, the following described
assessment negotiable coupon bonds of said City:

City Of Las Vegas Assessment District No. 200-5 Sanitary Sewer Improvement
Bonds, Series of September 1, 1952, in the aggregate principal amount of
$19,510.10, dated September 1, 1952, consisting of 20 bonds numbered con-
secutively from 1 to 20, both inclusive being in the denomination of $1,000.00
each, except bond numbered one is in the denomination of $510.10 maturing
serially in regular numerical order on the first day of September $1,510.10
in the year 1953, and $2,000.00 in each of the years 1954. to 1962, both inclusive
all bonds being subject to prior redemption on any interest payment date in
inverse numerical order at the option of the City whenever funds are available
therefor, after fifteen days published notice, upon the payment of the principle
amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption date, and bearing interest
payable annually at a rate of not exceeding seven per centum (7$) per annum
both principal and interest being payable at the office of the City Treasurer
at Las Vegas, Nevada.

Said bonds and the interest thereon are payable from a special fund designated
"Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-5 Bond Interest and
Redemption Fund," containing the receipts upon the collection thereof from
the Special assessments levied against and secured by a lien upon property
in Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-5 in said City, said
assessments bearing interest commencing August 1, 1952, and payable annually
on each principal paying date at the same rate of interest as borne by said bond s
said Assessments being payable in ten substantially equal annual installments
of principal on or before August 11, 1952, and on or before the same day in
each year thereafter until paid in full, or, at the owner's option, the whole
of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the next interest pay-
ing date being payable at any time; provided, however, that in the event said
fund shall be insufficient to pay said bonds and interest thereon as they become
due, the deficiency shall be paid out of the City's general fund.

Bidders are required to submit a bid specifying A. the lowest rate of interest
and premium. if any, above par at which the bidder will purchase said bonds; of B. the lowest
rate of interest at which shall be payable by one or more sets of coupons. The bonds will be
sold to the bidder making the best bid, subject to the right of the corporate authorities of
the City of Las Vegas to reject any and all bids and readvertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest, nor
will any discount or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds. All bids

shall be sealed and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be accompanied by a deposit
of five percent, either cash or certified check of the amount of the bid, which will be
returned if the bid is not accepted, and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to
complete the purchase of said bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his
of said City may accept the bid of the one making the next best bid, or if all bids are rejected, such authorities may readvertise said bonds for sale. If there be two or more
equal bids and such bids are the best bids received, and are not less than par and accrued
interest, the corporate authorities will determine which bid shall be accepted.

The legality of the bonds will be approved by Messrs. Pershing, Bosworth, Dick & Dawson, attorneys at Law, Denver, Colorado, whose opinion together with the printed bonds,
will be furnished the purchaser without charge.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 24th day of September, 1952.

(SEAL)

Shirley Ballinger	C.D. Baker

CITY CLERK	MAYOR

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole

OaKEY blvd. improvement
Protest

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-2
Final Payment

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED "A" STREET
Dixie Mathews

Mr. Ray Cutright appeared before the Board at this time to protest the use of the
Gas Tax money to pave a portion of Oakey Boulevard between 5th and 10th Street.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the request of Wells cargo for final payment of $6,000.00
on Assessment District No. 100-2 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting ayes; noes, none. Absent Commissioner
Peccole.

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 24th day of September, 1952 by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
28th day of September, 1952, executed by Dixie S. Mathews.

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth and;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

The request of R.J. Fitch for permission to install a 30 foot driveway in front of his
Grocery store at 107 St. Louis Street was discussed at this time.

This matter was held over until October 1, 1952 in order that a plot plan can be pre-
pared.

DRIVEWAY PERMIT
R.J. Fitch