459

AGREEMENT-Sewer Service
LV Jockey Club

OFFER TO PURCHASE
CITY PROPERTY
Rejected

SALE OF CITY "STRIP"
PROPERTY

No action was taken on the final map of the Heers Subdivision until the bond, agreement and a
letter from the Water Company have been received.

The meeting recessed at the hour of 8:45 P.M. At the hour of 9:05 P.M. the meeting reconvened
with all members present as of the opening session.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign the agreement with the
Las Vegas Jockey Club for sewer service, with the following amendments to said agreement.

Paragraph 2 - The Company shall pay the City as rental and service charge therefore the

sum of $3600 for the first year payable on or before the 1st day of September,
1953.

Paragraph 4 - Agreement shall terminate on the 31st day of August, 1954.

Paragraph 5 - If City expands its facilities, the sewage charge shall be subject to
increase to be determined, not to exceed 200%,

Paragraph 6 - Delete any pro rating of charges.

Paragraph 8 - $50.00 per day penalty if the Company fails to disconnect.

Paragraph 9 - Deleted in its entirety

Paragraph 11- The City may terminate this agreement by giving 120 days notice. Delete
the remainder of the sentence starting with the works "**in which event
the City shall refund**".

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Sharp,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none . Commissioner Bunker disqualified himself from
voting since he has sold some property to persons interested in the Race Track. Commissioner
Jarrett disqualified himself from voting since he has written insurance for persons interested
in the Race Track.

Acting City Manager A.H. Kennedy presented a proposal to purchase the City Property located on
North 5th Street from M. Kishner for $36,000.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved this proposal be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Clifford Jones presented the proposal of Mr. Paul B. Sogg to purchase the City "Strip"
property for a total amount of $275,000.00, Acting City Manager A.H. Kennedy stated that a
deposit check of $27,500.00 had been given to him.

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon advised the Board that the offer made does not conform to
advertisement of the property that would be sold nor the diagrams furnished to the prospective
bidders pursuant to the notice given.

Commissioner Whipple said that he would like to have the record show the matter has been
advertised and no firm bids have been presented and since the meeting approximately a week
ago it has been discussed widely in the papers and over the radio and it is his opinion the
the real estate brokers have been informed. Mr. Whipple stated that he had talked to two
people interested and told them personally that if they had additional offers they should
have them in this meeting. Because no firm offers have been presented and this item is
included in the budget which is additional notice to the general public, then he is going
to vote on the offer received.

Commissioner Jarrett stated that he thinks it is in the public interest to do something

with it now for parking facilities and a youth center. He said that he had received a number of

telephone calls urging the disposal of this piece of property.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the City accept the offer of Mr. Sogg of $275,000.00
for the City property consisting of 477 feet frontage on the Los Angeles Highway which
consists of approximately 50 acres and includes the piece of property on the east line of
the proposed Truck Highway; that this sale be on the basis of $27*500 down and $100,000
in escrow in thirty (30) days and the balance at the close of the escrow within ninety (90)
days.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he would second the motion since he felt interested parties
had time to submit proposals.

The motion carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker stated that in view of the fact this offer may be withdrawn and in view
of the fact he feels notice has been given, he would vote in favor of accepting this offer.

Mayor Baker said that his personal reason for obtaining this money is to use it for a youth

center and off-street parking. He stated that he thought that the youths need the expanded facilities

in this community.

Commissioner Sharp said that it was his personal view that a minimum of $150,000.00 of this money
should be spent for a youth center.

7-29-53