GAMING APPLICATION
Additional

GAMING APPLICATION
New Location

GAMING APPLICATION
New 

LIQUOR LICENSE
Cafe Capri

COMMISSIONER'S BONDS
Accepted

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-16
Request for Payment
Denied

RESOLUTION - Telephone
Service

LAS VEGAS AUXILARY
POLICE

BID NO. 53.20
Multilith Paper

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the Pioneer Club, by Edward L. Crawford, 25 Fremont
for license for 8 additional slot machines for the 2nd quarter of 1953 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Peccole and Whipple.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Tom Rolofson for license for 3 slot machines for
the 2nd quarter of 1953 at Sue's Liquor Store, 1232 South 5th Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Peccole and Whipple.

No action was taken on the application of Cecil Lynch, Harry Gordon and Robert Van Santen for li-
cense for one "21" game and one "Craps" at the Fortune Club, 109 Fremont.

No action was taken on the application of Abe Feller, Cafe Capri, 825 South 5th Street for a
Restaurant Beverage license.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the Surety Bonds of Commissioners Harris P. Sharp and Wendell Bunker
be accepted and ordered filed.

Motion seconded by Mayor Baker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner Jarrett and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bunker passed his vote. Absent:	Commissioners Pec-

cole and Whipple.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the request of Youn and Smith Construction Company for payment of the
10% retention on Assessment District No. 100-16 in the amount of $30,443.38 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Peccole and Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be requested to prepare an appropriate resolution
asking the Public Service Commission to require the Southern Nevada Telephone Company to improve
their service immediately by the installation additional positions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Peccole and Whipple.

Mr. Howard Cassity appeared before the Board at this time and requested the Board to give finan-
cial assistance to the Las Vegas Auxilary Police in order that they might purchase needed equip-
ment. The matter was referred to the City Manager for recommendation.

The City Manager advised the bid for furnishing Multilith Paper to the City of Las Vegas, award-
ed May 13, 1953 to Southern Nevada Disinfectant Co. had been granted to a concern that does not
have a City license.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that Bid No. 53.20 be awarded to Blake, Moffitt and Towne
in the total amount of $260.16.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Peccole and Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the Board at t his time Commissioner Bunker moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Peccole and Whipple.

5-20-53