VACATION portion of
Oakey Blvd.

Public Hearing

BUILDING HEIGHT LIMIT
Capri Hotel

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the vacation of a portion of the
right-of-way for Oakey Blvd., more particularly described as follows to-wit:

The North and South ten feet of the right-of-way for
Oakey Blvd. lying between the east line of Eastern
Avenue and the West line of the Boulder Highway,

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this proposed vacation.

There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that this portion of the right-of-way of Oakey Blvd., be vacated be accepted and the following
order adopted:

A Petition, signed by five (5) freeholders residing in the area effected, having been
filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of a certain portion of
Oakey Boulevard, and said Petition having been by Order of this Board referred to the
Regional Planning Commission of Clark County, Nevada, for its recommendation in the premises,
and said Planning Commission having filed its report, dated January 19, 1953, with the Board
approving and recommending said Vacation:

And this Board by an Order made at its special meeting held on the 3rd day of February,
1953, set the 6th day of March, 1953 at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M. at the Commissioners'

Room of the Board of Commissioners, in the War Memorial Building, located at the Northwest
Corner of 5th and Stewart Streets in the City of Las Vegas, Clark county, Nevada, as the
time and place for the Public Hearing on said Petition and recommendation; and Ordered the
City Clerk to cause the aforesaid portion of Oakey Blvd., to be vacated to be posted with a
Notice setting forth the time and place of the Public Hearing and the extent of the proposed
vacation;

And it appearing from the Affidavit of Charles V. Cudney, filed with the Clerk of this
Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which Notice is attached to said
affidavit, was posted on the 4th day of February, 1953, in the manner prescribed by said
Order;

And this being the time fixed for the Hearing on said Petition for Vacation and the
recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having heard evidence in
support of and there being no opposition to said Petition and recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the portion of the street proposed
to be vacated is no longer required for the public Use and convenience, that said Vacation
will inure to the benefit of the City of Las Vegas, and that neither the Public nor ary
person will be materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portion of Oakey Boulevard, to-wit:

The north 10 feet of the South 40 feet of the SW1/4 NW1/4
Section 1, T 21 S, R 6l E, MD.M.

The South 10 feet of the North 40 feet of the N1/2 SW1/4

Section 1, T 21 S, R 6l E, MD.M.

be and the same hereby is vacated.

DATED: March 6, 1953	APPROVED:

s/ C.D. BAKER
Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Discussion was held on the recent request of Mr. Al Rose for a variance of the Building Height
Limitation in order that he might proceed to make plans for a proposed hotel, namely Hotel Capri
which will be eight and one-half stories in height.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the Commission go on record as being in favor of approving
a Use Permit for the Hotel Capri to allow construction in excess of fifty (50) feet to the
approximate height of eight and one-half (8 1/2) stories providing the Planning Commission approved
the Use Permit and providing facilities are provided for parking.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of the Hotel El Cortez Enterprises dba El Cortez
Casino, 612 Fremont for additional license for 1 Roulette Wheel and l "21" table for the first
quarter of 1953 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

At this time Commissioner Whipple arrived at the meeting.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the meeting adjourned.

Ballinger
Clerk

C.D. Baker
Mayor