	Jarrett.

VARIANCE APPLICATION

Charles A. Mohler	       The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Charles

	A. Mohler for variance to permit the construction of an outdoor advertising sign on 

	5th and Bell Drive, was presented for consideration.

	Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted:

#285 RESOLUTION

	WHEREAS, on the 2nd day of May, 1952, Charles A. Mohler filed an application

	with the Regional Planning Commission for variance to permit the construction of an

outdoor advertising sign on 5th Street and Bell Drive in an R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use
District, being described as Lots 1, 2 and 3 of Block 5, Biltmore Addition No. 2; and

	WHEREAS, on May 22, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public

hearing on this application for variance, at which time objections were made protesting
the granting of said variance; and

	WHEREAS, on May 22, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission denied such 

application for variance on the ground that it would be detrimental to surrounding property
	owners and the fact that the Commission does not feel that outdoor advertising structures

 should be placed adjacent to residential district; and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with
the Board	of	City	Commissioners on May 26, 1952, recommending that such variance be

	denied.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that Charles A. Mohler be denied permission to construct an outdoor advertising
 sign on 5th Street and Bell Drive, be and the same hereby is denied.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

	Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

	Jarrett.

VARIANCE 	APPLICATION	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission of E. R. Van Horn for variance

E.	R.	Van Horn	to permit the remodelling of a	garage into an apartment at 711 South	4th Street	was

	presented	at	this	time.

	Commissioner Whipple moved the	recommendation be approved subject to	sufficient off-

	street parking being provided,	and the following resolution adopted:

#286	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 9th day of May, 1952, E. R. Van Horn filed an application
	with the Regional Planning Commission for variance to permit the remodelling of a

	garage into an apartment at 711 South 4th Street in an R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District,

	being Lots 5, 6, and 7 of Block 19, South Addition; and

		WHEREAS, on May 22, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public

	hearing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and

no communications protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on May 22, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved such
application for variance on the ground that such variance would not be detrimental
to the public welfare; and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with
the Board of City Commissioners on May 26, 1952, recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that E. R. Van Horn be granted permission to remodel a garage into an apartment
 at 711 South 4th Street, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

MOSS TRACT NO. 1	No action was taken on the final map on Moss Tract No. 1 due to the	fact that the 

Final Map	recommendation from the City Engineer has not been received.

BILLBOARD SPACE LEASE  Commissioner Peccole moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Nevada Outdoor Adv.	Commission the request of the Nevada Outdoor advertising Company to lease space on the

comer of North 5th and Wilson Streets to erect a billboard, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioner Whipple, member of the committee for recommendation on	the 	proposed rezoning

Rezoning	ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

CIGARETTE APPLICATION    Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Western Cigar Company	for	license for the

	retail sale of Cigarettes and tobacco products at Galen's Liquor Store, 1216 South Main

Street for the second quarter of 1952 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

TAXI APPLICATION	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Dan Smith, Lucky Cab Company for license

for two replacement vehicles be approved.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.