USo PERMit-Vowell &
Hit chock-Appeal

gaming applications

Renewals

Commissioner Bunker moved that pursuant to an appeal filed by Mrs. Signa Osborne, protesting
the Use Permit granted Vowell and Hitchcock to conduct a ready-mix plant at 1606 Truck Road,
a public hearing on this matter be held September 3, 1952 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:Commissioners Bunker
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none, Absen:Mayor Baker

Commissioner Jarrett moved the following applications for renewal of gaming licenses for the
third quarter of 1952 be approved:



ELITE MARKET Earle
WHITE BUNNY ICE CReAM Paul
TED WIENS TEXACO CO. Gayer

Vause 831 South
Ward 517 South
Co. 1107 South

Main 3 Slots
5th 4 Slots
Main 1 Slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Mayor Baker

CHANGE OF OPERATOR	Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Tom Rolofson for license for one slot machine

for the third quarter of 1952 at the Westside Tavern, 206 West Wilson, be approved.
by Commissioner Peccole and carried

Motion seconded/by the following vote Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple carried the vote, voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker

ADDITIONAL

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New

Commissioner Peccole moved the application of the Golden Nugget, Inc., by C.C. King, 129 Fremont
for license for an additional 25 slot machines for the third quarter If 1952 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Mayor Baker
The following new applications for liquor licenses for the third quarter of 1952 were presented
to the Board at this time:



ALRAY LIQUOR STORE
CHaRLESTON LIQUOR STORE

MR. BOTTLe

TALK OF THE town liquor store

Aldo Barozzi
Fred Fielding
WILBeRT ROaSSaLET
Moe Taub

209 Stewart
213 W. Charleston
1418 A So. 5th
218 N. Main

Retail Liquor Mina.
Retail Liquor Mina.
Retail Liquor Mina.
Retail Liquor Mina.

Commissioner Jarrett moved these applications be tabled for the present time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and his Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Mayor
Baker.

CIGARaTTE APPLICATIONS Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Sutton Vending for a Cigarette License at the

Richfield Service Station, 10th & Fremont be approved.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Baker.

GAMING License-Leasee	The letter from the Frontier Club advising the Board that they contemplate leasing their Crap

Frontier Club	Game and "21" game to J. Frank Edds was presented for consideration.

Commissioner Bunker moved that action on this matter be deferred until there is a report from
the Police Department on Mr. Edds.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,none. Absent Mayor Baker.

NEVaDA BaR-Partnership The letter from Glen Marshall notifing the Board that he has sold his interest in the Nevada
Dissolved	Bar to his partner Patsy Malpede, was considered.

Commissioner Peccole moved this letter be ordered filed.

GAMING LICENSE—
Pioneer Club

ANGLE PARKING
1st & 2nd St.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccolle and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Mayor Baker

Commissioner Jarrett moved that action on the notification from the Pioneer Club of persons hold-
ing a percentage interest, be deferred until the Police Department has completed investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Mayor Baker.

Mr. Jake Von Tobel and Mr. William Elwell appeared before the Board at this time regarding the
possibilty of installing angle parking in the 200 block on South 1st Street. They stated that
the property owners in this block would be willing to pay for the cost of the widening of this
street to permit such parking, providing the cost is within reason.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that Messrs. William Elwell, Jake Von Tobel and John
Vinassa to be given privilege of having the street widened in front of their businesses on
South 1st Street to the agreed figure worked out by the City Engineer, to permit angle park-
ing, and that the above mentioned gentlemen place on deposit with the City a check in the amount
of the lowest bid:further that the City Engineer be authorized to prepare plans and specifications
and supervise the installation of this project.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes none. Absent:Mayor Baker.