257





Lot 13, Blk 13
Boulder Addition
Mary Ann Monro

West Side of Clos Road
Louis Atchley

DESERT PARK NO. 3
Tentative Map

PARADISE GROVES
Tentative Map

WESTSIDE PARK
SUBDIVISION

STREET NAME CHANGES
Public Hearing Set

BUILDING HEIGHT
LIMITATION

TAXI APPLICATIONS
North Las Vegas
Taxi

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-16
Partial Payment

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 200-5
Final Payment

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-17
Payment for extra
work

MOSS TRACT NO. 2,
PARCEL NO. 2
Final Map

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the application of Mary Ann Munro to rezone
Lots 13, Blk 13, Boulder Addition from R-3 to C-l be set for April 1, 1953, at 7:30 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honorvoting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Peccole moved the public hearing on the application of Louis Atchley to rezone certain
property generally described as being on the west side of Clos road, R-4 to C-l be held April 1,
1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of Desert Park # 3 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole. and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of Paradise Groves be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

The notification from the Regional Planning Commission relative to the change of ownership of
Westside Park Subdivision was ordered filed.

The Recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on proposed street name changes; namely
a portion of 4th Street to be changed to Fayle Street, and 4th Place to be changed to Weldon
Avenue, was considered by the Board at this time.

Commissioner Peccole moved the Public Hearing on the aforementioned street name changes and the
recommended change of Norman Avenue to Harris Avenue heretofore presented, be set for 8:00 P.M.,
April 1, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absentt Commissioner Whipple.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission dated March 2, 1953, concerning Building
Height Limitations was read to the Board at this time. discussion was held on this matter and
thereafter the following committee was selected to meet with the City Attorney, March 5, 1953,
at 2:00 P.M. to recommend the necessary amendment to the ordinance:

Commissioners Bunker and Peccole

A representative of the Building Department

A member of the Board of Appeals

Fire Chief C.D. Williams

William Walker, Director of Planning

Mr. Al Rose

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Ben R. White dba North Las Vegas Taxi Company,

1800 North Main for one replacement taxicab be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carrie d by the following vote; Commissioners bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for license for the retail sale of Cigarettes
and tobacco products be approved:

BSA

BANK CLUB
FROSTY CONE
OUTDOOR EQUIPMENT
WHITTLESEA'S CHEVRON STATION

716 Stewart
2300 E. Charleston
408 North 5th
1625 Fremont
Fremont & Charleston

Sutton Vending

"

"

"

"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the request of YOung and Smith Construction Coflipary for partial payment
on Assessment district no. 100-16 in the total amount of $26,651.22 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent. Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Peccole moved the request of Longley Construction Co., for final payment on Assessment
District No. 200-5 in the total amount of $2,329.76 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Peccole moved the request of J.M. MUrphy Construction Co., for payment for extra work
performed in Assessment District No. 100-17 in the total amount of $l,814.53 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Peccole moved the final map of Moss Tract No. 2, Parcel No. 2, as recommended by the
City Engineer, be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same; further that the
agreement with the installation of the improvements in this Subdivision dated March 3, 1953, be
approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the same as of that date.