514

are a safe investment, and would provide a fair rate of return to the City,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas invest
the sum of $402,125.00, or the nearest figure thereto, together with the
sum of approximately $2,876.00 accrued interest to date, for purchase
of the appropriate number of Certificate of Indebtedness United States
Treasury Bonds.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Treasurer be and she is hereby
authorized to issue a check of the City of Las Vegas on its Sewer Bond
Fund Account for the purchase of such bonds.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the said Treasury Bonds be accepted
for delivery by the City in the Bank of America in San Francisco and be
held by such bank in the vaults thereof until the City decides to retire
the said bonds.	



Mayor

10-26-53
Page 1

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 4, 1953

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL

WARRANTS



MINUTES

WIDENING OF 5th STREET



A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held this 4th day of November, 1953 was called to order at the hour of
7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

C.D. Baker
Wendell Bunker
Harris P. Sharp
Rex A. Jarrett
Reed Whipple

City Attorney
City Manager
City Clerk

Howard W. Cannon
R. V. Carey
Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Bunker moved that payroll warrants Nos. 690 to 1045 inclusive
in the net amount of $42,5ll.09 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 50414 to
50523 inclusive in the total amount of $16,229.38 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of October 21 and 26, 1953 be approved
by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Jarrett passed his vote.

Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following
resolution:

WHEREAS, the Highway Department of the State of Nevada has proposed
the widening of Fifth Street from Oakey Boulevard to North Main Street,
within the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the proposed plans of the said department provide that there
shall be two twelve foot traffic lanes on each side and one 10 feet parking
lane on each side, together with a six foot sidewalk area on each side; and

WHEREAS, such plans are acceptable to the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, that the plan of the Highway Department of the
State of Nevada for widening Fifth Street within the City of Las Vegas,
as set forth above be and the same hereby is accepted and approved.

DATED this 6th day of November, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ll-4-53, Pagel