Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be accepted
and that Lots 11 through 13, Block 4 Meadows Addition be rezoned from R-3 to R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning

McNeil Tract No. 2

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of the Las Vegas Development Co.
for rezoning of the NE1/4, NE1/4, Section 5, T 21, S, R 61 E, from R-A to R-l, which is generally
located south of Charleston Blvd. between Strong Drive and Rancho Road, His Honor asked if there
was anyone present who wished to protest this proposed rezoning. There were objections voiced.



Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the application of the Las Vegas Development Co. for rezoning
from R-A to R-l of the above described property be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.



PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning
Sunrise Park
Tract No. 1, Blk.
A

This being the time set for the public hearing on the rezoning of Block 4, Sunrise Park Tract No. 1
from R-A to R-3, His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to object to this proposed
zone change. There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved that Block 4, Sunrise Park Tract No. 1 be rezoned from R-A to R-3



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and whipple.

BID NO. 53.1

Fire Hose

This being the time set for the opening
were received from the following firms;

Clark County Wholesale
American Rubber Mfg. Co.

Standard Wholesale
Roy G. David Co.

The Raele McCoy Co.

Quaker Pacific Rubber Co.

Associated Fire Equipment Co.

(Formerly known as BiLateral Fire Hose
Eureka Fire Hose

of bids for the purchase of 2000 feet of 2 1/2" Fire Hose bids

Good Quality

Best Quality

$2,636.00	$3,076.00
2,080.00	2,960.00
2,580.00	3,020.00
3,000.00	3,600.00
3,380.00	3,520.00
3,420.00	2,600.00
	3,500.00
Co.)	
3,300.00	4,200.00

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Acting
Fire Chief for recommendation.

SEWaGE SYSTEM
IMPROVEMENT
Bids

BUILDING HEIGHT
Variance

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,

Peccole, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

At this time the following bids for a revised By-Pass and alterations to the Chlorine Contact Channel
for the Sewer Plant were received:

George E. Miller	$6,425.50

Lembke-Clough & King	7,044.00

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and he be authorized
to proceed with the improvement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

Mr. Al Rose appeared before the Board at this time requesting a Variance or change in the existing
building height requirements. The Board discussed this matter with Mr. Walter Zick, Architect,

Harry Hatfield, Building Inspector or and Mr. John Replogle. This matter was then referred to the
Board of Appeals for recommendation.

PUBLIC HEARING SET Mr. John Mendosa, representing Mrs. Eleanor Aguirre owner of the property at 120 South 1st Street
Elko Rooms	appeared before the Board at this time and requested a hearing on the abatement of the nuisance

Nuisance Aguirre at this location.

Property

	Commissioner Peccole moved the foregoing matter be set for hearing on February 18, 1953, at 8:00 P.M.

 SIGN VIOLATION

MacDonald Hotel

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Whipple and Jarrett.

The matter of the sign violation of the MacDonald Hotel, 208 N. 5th was held in abeyance until a full
Board id present.

GOLF COURSE EXPAN-
SION ARCHITECT'S
AGREEMENT





TAXI APPLICATIONS

Commissioner Bunker moved the Architect's Agreement with William Bell & Son for the addition of nine
holes at the Municipal Golf Course be approved, provided that if the Commission finds that it is
unable to go ahead with the proposed improvements the City will only be liable to the Architect for
his plans and specifications in the amount of $2300.00; further that the Mayor and City Clerk be
authorized to sign said agreement.

Commissioner Peccole moved the following applications for renewal of licenses for the first quarter of
1953 be approved:

LUCKY CAB CO.
GREYLINE CaB CO.
Tanner motor tours

TANNER MOTOR TOURS

BY: Dan Smith
BY:	Dan Smith

BY: Dan Smith
BY: Dan Smith

32 Taxis
1 Taxi
10 Busses
21 U-Drives

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.