OPENING OF BIDS
200-5

STREET IMPROVEMENTS
Dr. Hemington

DEED R/W

Anna & Angelo Barrozi



REQUEST TO ATTEND
CONVENTION
City Attorney

VeGAS LOAN St JEWELRY

CHANGE OF NAME
49er Club to Fortune

Additional Games

Santa Anita
Turf & Bar Denied

NEW

Havana Novelty

CHANGE OF OWNER
e1 Rio Liquor

RENEWAL

White Bunny Ice Cream

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of the bids for Assessment District 200-5 one bid was
submitted from the following;

SECURITY NATIONAL BANK OF RENO	4.40% Interest

$1,000.00 cash bid deposit was enclosed with this bid.

Commissioner Whipple moved the bid from Security National Bank of Reno be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Dr. Hemington was present to request the Board to allow him and the group of people in the vicinity
of Rose Street to set up an Assessment for Street Improvements. Their only difficulty was one
person Mrs. Tate who objected to the proposed Assessment District.

Discussion was held on this matter. The following petitioners were present.

D.E. Hemington m.D.
Mike Micci
Charles Smith
Jack Guihen
Eldon Ballinger
Chet L. Gonce
Ben E. Planck
Harry Brown
Mr. Quinn

2131 Edgewood
729 S. Rose
731 S. Rose

P.0. 279 North Las Vegas
Pinto Rd.

539 Rose
646 Tonopah

Tonopah

Commissioner Peccole moved that City Manager be instructed to send our Right-of-Way-man out to
pick up in writing the deeds or committments to deed right-of-ways to these various streets, the
extension of Rose Streets and Pinto Lane.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote;Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Peccole, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried unanimously,
the following resolution is adopted and order made.

#346 BE IT RESOLVED, this 5th day of November, 1952, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 15th day of October, 1952,
executed by Anna & Angelo Barrozi

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposed and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that the
same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the request of the City Attorney to attend the NIMLO Convention
with $500.00 from his expense account be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time to discuss the Vegas Loan & Jewelry Company and Mildred Stoney.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Vegas Loan & Jewelry Company be given until December 1, 1952 to sell
and that the Chief of Police be instructed to nitify Mildred Stoney and Margaret Burlecamp that if
Mildred Stoney is found in the Pawn Shop either visiting or selling in the future, in violation of
the Commissioners order, heretofore given that their license will be revoked immediately, further
that a copy of this Motion be forwarded to Robert Jones, her attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved that the application for forty slots for the Fortune Club be granted.
Located at 109 Fremont Street formely called 49er Club by C. Lynch and H. Gordon for 4th Qtr., 1952.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple voting aye; noes, His Honor.

Commissioner Whipple moved the applications for additional Slots in the following be approved.

BONANZA LIQUOR STORE	Raymond Salmon	2037 Bonanza	1 Slot

GOLDEN NUGGeTT	Golden Nuggett Inc. 129 Fremont	1 Slot

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Santa Anita Turf St Bar for 40 Keno Seats be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Peccole passed his vote.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Havana Novelty by Earl Wilson 232 Fremont, for 2 Slots
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the application for Change of Ownership, El Rio Liquor Store, formerly
C.R. Millihizer, to Vegas Enterprises 1314 F Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the application of the White Bunny Ice Cream 517 S. 5th, 4 Slots, by
Paul Ward for renewal be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.