Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the sewers of the City of Las Vegas are
inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it
is necessary immediately to raise funds to install said sewers, therefore, it is hereby
declared that an emergency exists, and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to
install said sewers, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that
this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and
safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks
immediately following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily
newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately
following the second publication thereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 15th day of July, 1953.

s/ C.D. BAKER
Mayor

(SEAL)

Attest:

s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question
being upon the adoption of said ordinance the roll was called with the following results

Those voting "Aye" Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Sharp
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay" None
Absent s	Commissioners Bunker

Commissioner Whipple

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and
adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Jarrett and seconded by Commissioner Sharp, that all rules of
this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this
ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the
final passage and adoption of said Emergency Ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll
was called with the following result:

Those voting	"Aye"	Commissioner Jarrett Commissioner Sharp Mayor Baker
Those voting Absent:	"Nay"	None  Commissioner Bunker Commissioner Whipple

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Jarrett then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full at
this meeting be now placed Upon its passage. Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion, and the
question being upon the placing of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the
following result:

Those voting "Aye" Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Sharp
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay"
Absent:

None

Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Whipple

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final passage.

Commissioner Jarrett then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and as an
emergency ordinance. Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion. The question being upon the
passage and adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting	"Aye":	Commissioner Jarrett Commissioner Sharp Mayor Baker
Those voting Absent:	"Nay":	None  Commissioner Bunker Commissioner Whipple

7-15-53