ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-17

Amendment of Assess-
ment Roll

115

on Pages 8£ and 86 of the confirmed assessment roll; and

WHEREAS, property owned by the United State Government cannot be taken for non-payment
of assessments against it, nor can bonds be issued against government property; and

WHEREAS, the amount of $4,529.28 is shown on the confirmed assessment roll as a valid
claim against property which cannot be used to insure the payment; and

WHEREAS, the amount of $4,529.28 should be deducted from the confirmed assessment roll;

and

WHEREAS, this deduction will leave a deficiency in the amount of the bond issue for
said district; and

WHEREAS, the said City is desirous of making up this deficiency by payment from the
general fund of the City as authorized under Chapter II, Section 73 of the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the said payment to be made by the City will be the sum of $4,529.28; and

WHEREAS, a like amount shall be deducted from Pages 8£ and 86 of the confirmed assess-
ment roll as such assessments show against the National Housing Authority on said pages.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada that the City Comptroller of the said City be and he is hereby authorized and ordered
to draw his warrant on the general fund of the said City in the sum of $4,529.28, and deposit
the same in the fund known as "Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-16 Construction
Fund".

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a certified copy of this resolution be delivered to the
County Assessor of Clark County, Nevada, Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas
with instructions to make the deletions from pages 8£ and 86 of the assessment roll so far as
such pages show assessments against the National Housing Agency.

DATED at Las Vegas, Nevada this 2nd day of July, 19£2.

s/ C.D. Baker
Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Bal1inger
City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Pec-

cole.

Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution which was
thereupon read in full, and at length, and is as follows:

#300resolution

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Nevada, and the
officers thereof, have taken action to improve certain streets and parts of streets there-
in; and

WHEREAS, said City has created Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-17
for the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said City assessed the entire cost and expense of making said improvements,
including all incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed, against
the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improve-
ments and included within said District; and

WHEREAS, the Assessment Roll for said Assessment District No. 100-17 was approved
and confirmed at a recessed regular meeting on the 13th day of June, 19£2; and

WHEREAS, it has been determined that the said Assessment Roll as approved and confirmed
on June 13th, 1952, is erroneous in certain particulars in that certain assessments were im-
properly computed and in certain instances assessments were levied against property already
improved by the owners; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, desire to amend the
said Assessment Roll for said Assessment District No. 100-17, by correcting said erroneous
assessments because the Board desires that the assessments against each property owner should
be fair and equitable.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Assessment Roll for Assessment District No.
100-17,. being numbered 21-19£2, be amended as follows:

PAGE 49 OF ASSESSMENT ROLL 100-17

LOCATION:	Block 10, Meadows Addition

LOT	NAME & ADDRESS OF OWNER	LAND & IMPR.	REVISED AMOUNT

ASSESSMENTS

31 & 32	Sliwerski, Leon	$ l,650.OO	$ 314.28

Less easterly 218 Cincinnati St.

3 feet of 32 City

PAGE 24 OF ASSESSMENT ROLL 100-17

LOCATION:	Block 21, Boulder Addition