VARIANCE
K. Nield
V-49-53
Denied

VARIANCE
W.C. Olive
V-50-53

J

WHEREAS, on the 25th day of June, 1953, Julia Caperton filed and
application with the Regional Planning Commission for variance to construct
and maintain a dwelling unit in addition to five which exist in an R-2
Use District; and

WHEREAS, on July 9, 1953 the Regional Planning Commission held a
public hearing on this application for variance, at which time no objections
were raised and no communications protesting the granting of said variance
were received ; and

WHEREAS, on July 9,1953, the Regional Planning Commission approved the
application inasmuch as it was felt that this use would not prove detrimental
to the surrounding properties; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on
July 15, 1953, recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional
Planning Commission that the application of Julia Caperton be granted
a variance to construct and maintain a dwelling unit in addition to five
which exist in an R-2 Use District within the required side yard on a lot
which is 100 feet by 11*0 feet. This property is located at 1015 E Street
on Lots 7 & 8, Block 15, H.F.M. & M., be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absents
Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Florence and Kenneth Nield
for variance to operate a day nursery school for 15 children at 141 North
19th Street, be denied, as recommended by the Planning Commission, and the
following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on June 26, 1953 Kenneth and Florence Nield filed an application
with the Regional Planning. Commission for variance to operate and maintain a
day nursery school of 15 children at 141 North 19th Street between Sunrise
Avenue and Ogden Street in an R-1 Use District on Lot 24, Block 3, Amended
Church Tract; and

WHEREAS, on July 9, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public
Hearing on this application for variance, at which time numerous objections
were voiced by property owners in the surrounding area; and

WHEREAS, on July 9, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission denied the
application inasmuch as it was felt that it would be incompatible with the
other uses in the neighborhood; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on
July 15, 1953, recommending that such variance not be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that the application of Kenneth and Florence Nield be denied a
Variance to operate and maintain a day nursery school of 15 children at 141
North 19th Street between Sunrise Avenue and Ogden Street in an R-1 Use
District on Lot 24, Block 3, Amended Church Tract be denied, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of W.C. Olive to construct a
laundry and storage at 205 South 7th Street on Lots 29 and 30, Block 5,

Hawkins Addn., be approved and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 26th day of June, 1953. W.C. Olive filed an
application with the Regional Planning Commission for variance to
construct and maintain laundry and storage facilities with no rear
yard setback at 206 South 7th Street, in an R-3 Use District, on lots
29 and 30, Block 5, Hawkins Addition; and

WHEREAS, on July 9, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a
Public Hearing on this application for variance, at which time no objections
were raised and no communications protesting the granting of said variance
were received; and

WHEREAS, on July 9, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission approved
the application inasmuch as it was felt that this use would not prove
detrimental to the surrounding properties; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on
July 15, 1953, recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional
Planning Commission that the application of W.C. Olive to construct and
maintain laundry and storage facilities with no rear yard setback at
206 South 7th Street be approved, be accepted.

7-15-53