STREET NAME CHANGES
South 4th to Santa
Paula

4th Place to
Weldon Place



Norman Avenue to
Harris Avenue



RESOLUTION
Street name changes



OPENING OF BIDS
53.8 Power Mower,
Rotary, 31" Whirlwind

posed unit left available for parking area. Also, that the specifications on the remodeling of
the six existing units be allowed to extend within eight feet of the street side property line
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the Street Name changes from South 4th Street to Fayle Street -
the portion generally described as being east of 5th Street and which runs north from St. Louis
Street.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this proposed street name change
There was one suggestion made.

The suggestion was that this street be extended and be called Santa Paula.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation that South 4th Street be changed to
Santa Paula Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bun-

ker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation that 4th Place be changed to Weldon Place - the
street generally described as being east of 5th Street and which runs north from St. Louis
Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation that Norman Avenue be changed to Harris Avenue -
this street runs east and west along the south of Cashman Field be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following voter Commissioners Bun-
ker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there has been confusion arise concerning the name of some of the streets within
the City of Las Vegas because of duplication of names in certain streets parallel angling off
and crossing each other; and

WHEREAS, the matter was referred to the Regional Planning Commission of Clark County, Nev-
ada, by the Las Vegas City Commission; and

WHEREAS, the Planning Commission made its recommendations to the City Commission that the
names of certain streets be changed after consideration thereof; and

WHEREAS, the Las Vegas City Commission set a public hearing on the proposed change of street
names and gave notice thereof as required by law, which public hearing was duly held on the 1st
day of April, 1953; and

WHEREAS, at said public hearing all persons were given an opportunity to protest and be heard;

and

WHEREAS, the following preposed name changes met with the approval of all persons in atten-
dance at said public hearing and met with the approval of this Commission and the Commission finds
that said name changes will facilitate mail deliveries, aid in locating various properties,
and will assist the Fire Department and Police Department in carrying out their duties,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nev-
ada, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 1st day of April, 1953, that the names of the streets
herein described be and the same hereby changed as follows:

That portion of South Fourth Street, lying South of Oakey
Boulevard be, and the same is hereby changed to Santa Paula
Street.

That portion of Fourth Place lying East of Fifth Street and
running North from St. Louis Street, be, and the same is
hereby changed to Weldon Place.

That portion of Norman Avenue which runs east and west along
the northerly line of the Stewart Addition and Tankels North
Addition from 9th Street to 25th Street in the City of Las
Vegas be, and the same is hereby changed to Harris Avenue.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be signed by the Mayor, attested
by the City Clerk and recorded with the Clark County Recorder as required by law.

ATTEST:	s/ C.D. BAKER____________

Mayor

s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER______

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bun-

ker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 53.8 for Power Mower, Rotary,

31" Whirlwind, bids were received from the following firms:

Brown Bevis Industrial Co. - - No Bid

Salt Lake Hardware

Miller Frehner

Pacific Tore

The Raele McCoy

Blystone	- - No Bid