402

HYDE PARK #3 - Final Map

FRONTIER CLUB -
Change of Directors

VARIANCE APPLICATION
F.C.B. Inc.
V-23-53

VARIANCE APPLICATION
William Smith
V-43-53

USE PERMIT - L.D.S. Church

#43-53

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the final map of Hyde Park No. 3 be approved as long as
the sewer facilities are proven adequate, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the notification from the Frontier Club that Mrs. Berna-
dine Reid is the Secretary-Treasurer to replace the vacancy created by the death
of C. L. Fleming, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

The Board considered the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the
application of F.C.B. Inc. to construct and maintain a motel within 50 feet of the
center line of Charleston Boulevard in an area which requires a setback of 90 feet
from the centerline. This property is situated on the south side of Charleston
Boulevard near the intersection of Fremont Street and between Eastern Avenue and
the Boulder Highway. The Planning Commission recommended that this variance be
denied.

The appeal of the F. C. B. Inc. of the decision of the Regional Planning Commis-
sion denying this application was presented at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on this matter be held
July 15, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

At this time the Board considered the recommendation of the Regional Planning Com-
mission that the application of William Smith to construct and maintain a single
family dwelling on a lot 40 x 50’, being the south 40 feet of Lot 12, Block 17,

MFM & M Addition, be approved.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission
be approved and the following resolution adopted:

Hr

WHEREAS, on the 27th day of May, 1953, William Smith filed an application
with the Regional Planning Commission for variance to construct and maintain a
single family dwelling on a lot 40 feet by 50 feet, which is located at 619 Adams
Avenue on property generally located in the south 40 feet of Lot 12, Block 17,

H.F.M. &M.; and

WHEREAS, on June 11, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public
hearing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised
and no communications protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on June 11, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission approved the
application inasmuch as they did not feel this use would be detrimental to surround-
ing property values; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on June 15,
1953, recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that William Smith be granted a Variance to construct and maintain a
single family dwelling on a Lot 40 feet by 50 feet, which is located at 619
Adams Avenue on property generally located in the south 40 feet of Lot 12, Block
17, H.F.M.&M be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the application of the
LDS Church for a Use Permit to construct a church in a portion of the SW¼ SW¼ SW¼
Section 32, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, generally located on the north side of Charleston
Boulevard and west of Barnard Drive, be approved, was considered.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application for Use Permit as recommended by the
Planning Commission be approved and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 1st day of June, 1953, Thomas L. Adams, Second Counselor
of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints filed an application with
the Regional Planning Commission for a Use Permit to construct a church in a
portion of the SW¼ SW¼ Sw¼ Section 32, T20S, R61E, MDB&M., on a lot which is
233 feet by 273 feet and is generally located on the north side of Charleston
Boulevard and west of Barnard Drive; and

WHEREAS, on June 11, 1953 the Regional Planning Commission held a public
hearing on this application for a Use Permit, at which time no objections were
raised and no communications protesting the granting of said variance were
received; and,

6-17-53