AGREEMENT - UPRR	At this time there was presented an agreement from the Union Pacific Railroad Company

R/w Across Owens	covering the installation of sewer pipe across the right of way near Owens Avenue

Avenue

Thereafter, Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following
resolution:

WHEREAS, there was presented to the City Council a form of agreement between
the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and Los Angeles, & Salt Lake Railroad Company, and its Lessee, Union Pacific

.............Railroad Company, corporations of the State of Utah, covering the installation of

a 12" vitrified clay sewer pipe line across the right of way and under the tracks at M.P.
near Las Vegas, Nevada.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED:	That the form of agreement between the City of

Las Vegas, a municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and Los
Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company, and its Lessee, Union Pacific Railroad Company,
corporations of the State of Utah, covering a License for the installation of a 12"
vitrified clay sewer pipe line across the right of way and under the tracks at M.P.

335.45 near Las Vegas, Nevada, be and the same is hereby approved, and the Mayor and
Clerk of said city are authorized and directed to executed said agreement for and
on behalf of the said City of Las Vegas. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SOUTH 17TH STREEP The recommendation of the City Engineer that the American Surety Company Bond No.

IMPROVEMENT BOND	18-530-387, filed February 26, 1953 by Richard Stadelman for certain street improvements

R. Stadelman	on South 17th Street be released, was considered at this time.

Released

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the aforementioned bond in the amount of $1,500.00
be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

DESERT PARK NO. 3 Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Desert Park No. 3 be approved.

Final Map .	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Building Department was requested to issue no building permits on the
east side of 6th Street bordering the Desert Park No. 3 subdivision.

WESTWOOD PARK TRACT #2 No action was taken on the release of the Westwood Tract No. 2 bond until further investi-
gation has been made by the Engineering Department concerning the change of a Street in this
- subdivision.

SEWER IMPROVEMENT Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Charles J. Dorfman, cont5tor for the installation
PROGRAM 	of improvements in Schedule A of the sewer improvement program, for a progress payment

Schedule A	in the total amount of $15,914.84 be approved.

Progress Payment

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and HiS Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 9:10 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour of
9:40 with all members present as of the opening session.

LIQUOR APPLICATION At this time the application of George L. Harmon, John Georekakis and Joseph C. Wright,

New	officers of the Downtonw Civic and Social Club, for a Club liquor license at 126 1/2 North

Downtown Civic &	1st Street, was presented for consideration by the Board. Mr. Harmon was present and

Social Club	discussed this application with the Commission.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the application of the Downtown Civic and Social Club,
126  North 1st Street for a Club Liquor license for the fourth quarter of 1953 be approved
subject to the following considitions:



1)	That members only are allowed on the premises.

2)	That a separate entrance from the Race Horse Book or any other business
be maintained.

3)	That no minors be allowed on the premises or in the organization.

4) That a copy of the by-laws be filed with the City Clerk.

5) That the Police Department make periodic checks and report to the Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING LICENSE	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Dave Steams for a Race Horse Book license for

Derby Turf	the fourth quarter of 1953 at the Derby Turf, 113 South 1st Street be approved.

New

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT	The application of Jack Willows for a Use Permit to construct and maintain a cycle shop

Jack Willows	on Lot 2, Block 1 of the Sunset Park Addition, generally located on the comer of North

Public Hearing Set Main and Park Streets, was considered. The recommendation of the Planning Commission was
U-69-53	that this application be approved.



There was filed at this time, a protest from the International Union of Operating Engineers
concerning the granting of this Use Permit.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing on this application for Use Permit
he held December l6, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.