546

CHARLESTON PARK
Tract Nos. 1 & 2
Extension of time

MASTER PLAN
Action Rescinded and
Readopted

agreed to the same; further that they recommend that the Master Plan be
adopted.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the revision of the Master Plan of
Zoning be adopted, including the above listed recommendations, and the
following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, the City Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas
has adopted the 1953 Revision to the Master Plan of Land Use for the City
of Las Vegas, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 5063-5063.35,

N.	C. L. 1931-1941 Supp., as amended; and

WHEREAS, Section 5063.09, N.C.L. 1931-1941 Supp. provides for the
adoption of revisions or amendments of a Master Plan of Land Use; and

WHEREAS, the City Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas
has prepared the 1953 Revision to the Master Plan of Land Use for the
City of Las Vegas, and comprehensive plans of the most desirable utili-zation of land in the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the Planning Commission held a public hearing on the
23rd day of July, 1953, to consider® the adoption of the 1953 Revision
of the Master Plan of Land Use for the City of Las Vegas, and gave notices
of the time and place thereof in a newspaper of general circulation in
the City and at said hearing the above-mentioned 1953 Revision was publicly
displayed; and

WHEREAS, the City Commission did on the 10th day of November, 1953,
approve the above-mentioned 1953 Revision of the Master Plan subject to
certain recommended changes and referred the same back to the Planning
Commission for further study; and

WHEREAS, the Planning Commission thereafter referred said 1953
Revision of the Master Plan back to the City Commission with recommended
revisions thereof; and

WHEREAS, the City Commission of the City of Las Vegas did no the
7th day of December approve the above-mentioned 1953 Revision of the
Master Plan with the revisions and changes as recommended; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners held public hearings on
the proposed amendments to said Master Plan and on the 1953 Revision
hereinabove mentioned and published notice of the time and place in a
newspaper of general circulation in the City at least ten days before
said hearings and at said hearings all persons appearing were given an
j opportunity to be heard thereon; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners finds that the said Revision
was studied with great care, and that all the necessary procedural
steps have been followed,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas hereby adopts the 1953 Revision of the Master
Plan of Land Use as revised and an ended, for the City of Las Vegas and
the appropriate departments of the City of Las Vegas be and they are
instructed to immediately take such action as may be necessary to put into
effect the 1953 Revision of the Master Plan of Land Use for the City of
Las Vegas, in order that the same may serve as a pattern and guide
for the physical growth and development of the City of Las Vegas to pre-
serve and promote the public health, safety and general welfare; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be spread
on the Minute Book of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The request of the subdividers of Charleston Park Tract Nos. 1 and 2
for extension of time for commencing work on their project was presented.

The City Engineer recommended that this request for 60 day extension from
December 16, 1953 be approved.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the request of the subdividers for
a sixty day extension of time before commencing work on the Charleston
Park Subdivision Tract Nos. land 2, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the action taken previously on the Master Plan
of Zoning be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he would like to declarethat he is the
architect for the proposed Francisco Park project and would like to
advise the Board again of his position in this matter.

Commissioner Jarrett stated that he has sold some insurance to Mr.

Pardee, subdivider of the Francisco Park property, he would also like
toagain adivse the Board of this matter.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the Master be adopted with theafore-