VARIANCE APPLICATION
David J. Lund
Denied
V-22-53



VARIANCE APPLICATION
Frank & Wilhemine Lobe
Approved
V-24-53

VARIANCE APPLICATION
George L. Harmon 
Approved
V-27-53

USE PERMIT - Frank &
Wilhemine Lobe
Approved

25-53

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that
Melvin C. Lee be granted a variance to construct a combination store and office building on
Lots 9 and 10 of Block 3, Mayfair Tract No. 2, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

At this time the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the application of Da-
vid J. Lund for variance to construct a multiple dwelling on Lot U, Block lj. of Fairview Addition
be denied, was considered.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application be denied and the following resolution adopted?

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 3rd day of April, 1953, David J. Jund filed an application with the Region-
al Planning Commission for a variance to construct a multiple dwelling on Lot 4, Block 4 of the
Fairview Addition; and

WHEREAS, on April 23, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for variance; and

WHEREAS, on April 23, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission denied the application inas-
much as it was felt that the area is substantially built up with limited multiple uses and
that such a use would not be in accordance with good planning principles; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on April 28, 1953, recom-
mending that such variance not be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that
the application of David J. Lund for variance to construct a multiple dwelling on Lot 4, Block 4
of the Fairview Addition be denied, be and the same hereby is accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission approving the application of Frank and
Wilhemine Lobe for variance to construct and maintain a professional office and apartment build-
ing on South 4th Street between Carson and Bridger within four feet seven inches of the front
property line, was considered by the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application be approved and the following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 9th day of April, 1953, Frank and Wilhelmine Lobe filed an application with
the Regional Planning Commission for variance to construct and maintain a professional office
and apartment building on Lots 19,20,21 and 22 of Block 29, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite; and

WHEREAS, on April 23, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for variance; and

WHEREAS, on May 1st, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission filed their decision recommending
that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that
Frank and Wilhelmine Lobe for variance to construct and maintain a professional office and ap-
artment building on Lots 19,20, 21 and 22 of Block 29, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite within four
feet seven inches of the front property line* be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following voter Commissioners Bunker, 
Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

At this time the Board of Commissioners considered the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that the application of George L. Harmon for variance to construct and maintain a
four unit apartment building within ten feet of the rear property line at 240 Cincinnati Street
be approved.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application be approved and the following resolution adopted:

	RESOLUTION

	

WHEREAS, on the 10th day of April, 1953, George L. Harmon filed an application with the
Regional Planning Commission for variance to construct and maintain a four unit apartment build-
ing within ten feet of the rear property line at 240 Cincinnati Street; and

WHEREAS, on April 23, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protest-
ing the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on May 6, 1953, recommend-
ing that such variance be granted.	

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that
George L. Harmon be granted a variance to construct and maintain a four unit apartment building
within ten feet of the rear property line at 240 Cincinnati Street, be and the same hereby is
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Frank and Wilhelmine 
Lobe to construct and maintain two professional offices at 228 South 4th Street, was considered
by the Board.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application for Use Permit be approved and the following resolution
adopted: