RECESS

vacation of "h" street

variance APPLICATION
LaVeeda Varley

REZONING-Public Hearing
Set-Boulder Add'n

REZONING-Public Hearing
Set Westwood Park #2

Jones Subdivision
Tentative Map

RaDLICK PARK ESTATES
Tentative Map

VAN PATTON SUBDIVISION
Portion of Final Map

CHARLESTON village
Portion of Final Map

DEDICATION OF PROPERTY
Dog Pound

SOLICTORS LICENSE
Memory Gardens

At the hour of 9:25 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour of
9:45 P.M. with all the members present as of the opening session.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the vacation of a portion of "H" Street
be set for November 5, 1952 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:Commissioner
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner
Peccole.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission denying the application of
La Veeda Varley to build 30 apartments on the NE corner of 13th and Clark, was presented
at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and the following resolution adopted:

#331	Resolution

WHEREAS, on the 2nd day of September, 1952 La Veeda Varley filed an application with
the Regional Planning Commission for variance to permit the construction of thirty apartments
house units at the northeast corner of thirteenth and Clark Streets in an R-3 (Limited Multiple)
Use District; and

WHEREAS, on September 11, 1952 the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing
on this application for variance, at which time objections were raised and communications
protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on September 11, 1952 the Regional Planning Commission denied such application
for variance inasmuch as they felt that such development would not be in keeping with the
existing improvements in that immediate area.

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with the Board
of City Commissioners on September 16, 1952, recommending that such variance be denied.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that LaVeeda Varley, the applicant, construction of thirty apartment house units at the
northeast corner of thirteenth and Clark Streets in a R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District,
be and the same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner
Peccole.

Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the request for rezoning of lots 18 to
22 inclusive of Block 7, Boulder Addition from R-3 to C-l be set for October 15, 1952 at
the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioner
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner
Peccole.

Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the request for rezoning of Westwood
Park Tract No. 2 from R-E to R-l be set for October 15, 1952 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner
Peccole.

Commissioner Whippie moved the tentative map of Jones Subdivision, Zaugg Tract be approved
and the curbs, gutters, sidewalks and street light requirements be waived and a 36 foot
gravelled street with a 24 foot roadmix paving be allowed. Further the Subdivider be
required to provide sewer water, and electrical utilities.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following votes Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting ayes; noes, none. Absent Commissioner
Peccole.

Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of Radlick Park Estates be approved and subject
to the restrictions imposed relative to the building area.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioner
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting ayes; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner
Peccole.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the portion of the Final Map of V an Patton Tract be approved,
subject to the agreement, filing of the bond and approval by the City Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner
Peccole.

Commissioner Bunker moved the portion of the Final map Charleston Village approved subject
to the agreement, filing of bond and approval of the City Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner
Peccole.

The opinion of the City Attorney on the dedication of the Dog Pound property was read to
the Board. The clerk was instructed to write the Humane Society and request them to
submit proposed changes to the ordinance to the City Attorney for preparation of a new
ordinance.

The opinion of the City Attorney on the licensing of Memory Gardens as solicitors was
presented to the Board for consideration.

Memory Gardens that they are to license their

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Clerk notify
employees as solicitors.