176

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Daniel L. Leigh

VARIANCE APPLICATION
M.C. Oglesby-Denied

USE PERMIT

Walter Gardener

WHEREAS. such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on October 15,

1952, recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that Charles Wallace be granted a variance to build twelve units on Boston Avenue between
U.S. Highway #91 and Fairfield Avenue in an R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District, be and the
same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the applica-
tion of Daniel L. Leigh to build a 10 X 12. service room and convert a garage into a bedroom
at 2214 Poplar.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be accepted
and the following resolution adopted.

#339 WHEREAS, on the 25th day of September, 1952, Daniel Loyd Leigh filed an application
with the Regional Planning Commission for a variance to build a ten by twelve foot service
room and to convert a garage into a bedroom at 2214 Poplar Street between Cedar Avenue and
Elm Avenue and between Twenty-First Street and Twenty-third Street in a R-l (Single Family
Residence) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on October 9, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing
on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communica-
tions protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on October 9, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application
as they did not feel that this use would be detrimental to surrounding propertys; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on October 15, 1952,
recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that Daniel Loyd Leigh be granted a variance to build a ten by twelve foot service room and
to convert a garage into a bedroom at 2214 Poplar Street between Cedar Avenue and Elm Avenue
and between Twenty-third Street in a R-l (Single Family Residence) Use District, be and the
same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Peccole, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the application of M.C. Oglesby
to erect a second story on a garage for a guest room at 239 S. 16th be denied, was presented
at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation that this application be denied, be accepted
and the following resolution adopted.

#340

WHEREAS, on the 4th day of September, 1952, M.C. Oglesb y filed an application with
the Regional Planning Commission to erect a second story to existing 24 ft. X 20 ft.
concrete block garage to be used as guest quarters, located at 239 South 16th Street
between 15th Street and Earl Street in a R-l (Single Family Residence) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on October 9, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing
on this application for variance; and

WHEREAS, on 0ctober 9, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission voted to deny the
application inasmuch as they felt that this use would not be in keeping with surrounding
properties and therefore would prove detrimental to them; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of City Commissioners on October
15, 1952, recommending that such variance not be granted,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that the variance application of M.C. Oglesby to permit the erecting of a second story to
existing 24 ft. X 20 ft. concrete block garage to be used as guest quarters situated at
239 So. 16th Street between 15th Street and Earl Street in an R-l Use District be denied,
be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Regional Planning Commission recommendation on the application of Walter Gardner
for a Use Permit to conduct pony rides at 1200 Fremont was presented.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation that this permit be denied be accepted
and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 3rd day of October, 1952, Walt Gardner filed an application with
the Regional Planning Commission for a Use Permit to operate a pony ride at 1200 Fremont
Street, this location being in a C-2 (General Commercial) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on October 9, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing
on this application for Use Permit; and

WHEREAS, on October, 9, 1952 the Regional Planning Commission voted to deny the
application as they felt that pony ride at this location would be very hazardous to
children crossing such busy intersection, and would not be in keeping with the surround-
ing area; and

WHEREAS, SUCH decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on October 15, 1952,
recommending that such Use Permit be denied.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that the application of Walt Gardner to operate a pony ride at 1200 Fremont Street, this
location being in a C-2 (General Commercial) Use District be denied, be and the same hereby
is approved.