218

And it appearing from the affidavit of Charles V. Cudney, filed with the Clerk
of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said order, a copy of which notice
is attached to said affidavit, was posted on the 5th day of December, 1952, in the
manner prescribed by said order;

And this being the time fixed for the Hearing on said Petition for vacation and the

recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having heard

evidence in support of and there being no opposition to said Petition and recommendation'

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the portions of the Street
proposed to be vacated are no longer required for the Public Use and convenience,
that said Vacation will inure to the benefit of the City of Las Vegas, and that
neither the public nor any person will be materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portion of a street in the Meadows
Addition is recorded in Book 1 of Plats, Page A3, Clark County Records, to-wit;

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger, City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

the sale of their educational program the "American Peoples Encyclopedia". Discussion
was held on this matter.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that a fee of $5.00 for each solicitor for
this quarter be charged, that thee salesmen be required to register with the Police
Department, and that application along with supporting affidavits be submitted to
the Board before renewal of these licenses for the second quarter of 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

area, stating that they were in accordance with the petition of Paradise Groves, Inc.
for rezoning this property. The matter was discussed by the Board.

Mrs. H.N. Gambill and Mrs. Wilma Wolfinger, property owners protesting this rezoning
also spoke to the Commission.

Those who appeared before the Board on behalf of Paradise Groves Inc. were as follows:

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that in view of new evidence having been presented
on the request of Paradise Groves Inc. for change of zone of the property in the area
adjacent to Oakey Boulevard and South 5th Street, that a rehearing on this application
be held February A, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

Burleycamp, be approved subject to investigation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

120 S. 1st Street for renewal of his pawnshop license for the first and second quarters
of 1953 be approved.

The portion of the semi-circle of Fairfield Avenue north
of New York Avenue that falls west of the northerly pro-
longation of the West side of Fairfield Place.

be and the same is hereby vacated.

DATED: January 7, 1953

APPROVED:

C.D. Baker, Mayor

SOLICITORS LICENSE
REDUCED
Sears Roebuck

At this time Mr. George Woodman of Sears Roebuck & Company appeared before the Board
regarding the request for reduction of the Solicitors License Feet. Mr. Woodman
had previously filed with the Clerk an affidavit regarding the method of conducting

PETITION FOR REHEARING

ON REZONING
Paradise Groves Inc.

At this time Mr. Milton Gordon, representing the Paradise Groves Inc. in their request
for rehearing on their application for zone change in the area adjacent to Oakey Blvd.
and South 5th Streets. Mr. Gordon presented a petition of property owners in the immediate

Mrs. Ada Weber

Mr. Robert T. Kaltenborn

Mr. Milton Gordon

PAWNSHOP APPLICATION

Vegas Jewelry & Loan
Transfer

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Jack I. and Mildred M. Sklar DBA
Vegas Jewelry & Loan at 26 Fremont Street for the pawnshop license for the first
and second quarters of 1953, formerly issued to Mildred Stoney and Margaret

RENEWAL

Commissioner Peccole moved the application of J.H. Eckerson, Pioneer Jewelry & Loan Co.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker.