Las Vegas, Nevada
April 15, 1953

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nev-
ada, held the 15th day of April, 1953, was called to order at the hour of 7:00
P.M. by His Honor Mayor C.D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	William Peccole

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City. Manager	C.W. Shelley

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Asst. City Mgr.	Dora Lord

Absent:	None

Commissioner Whipple moved Service & Material Warrants Nos. 2402 to 2406 inclusive
in the total amount of $43,572.95 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk author-
ized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	None.

Commissioner Peccole moved the Public Hearing on the Assessment Roll for Assessment
District No. 100-18 be recessed until April 27, 1953, at 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following voter Com-
missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: None.

This being the time heretofore set for the Public Hearing on the rezoning of the
following described property from R-1 to R-2 the same having been denied by the
Regional Planning Commission.

Block 1, Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No. 1,
from R-1 (Single Family Residence) Use District to
R-2 (Two Family Residence) Use District.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this proposed
rezoning. There were no objections voiced. There were several persons there who
spoke in favor of this proposed rezoning from R-1 to R-2.

Discussion was held on this matter.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the above described property be rezoned from
R-1 to R-2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: None.

This being the time heretofore set for the Public Hearing on the rezoning of the
following described property from R-1 to R-2.

Rezoning from R-1 to R-2 of Blocks 4 and 5, Boulder
Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No. 1.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this proposed
rezoning. There were no objections voiced.

Discussion was held on this matter.

There after Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Plan-
ning Commission that the application to rezone Blocks 4 and 5, Boulder Dam Home-
site, Tract No. 1 from R-1 to R-2 be denied, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	None.

This being the time set for the Public Hearing on the Rezoning of the following
described property from R-3 to M-1.

Triangular Parcel of land lying within the NW¼ SE¼

Section 4, T 21 S, R 61 E, MDB&M. This property is
South of New York Avenue between the Truck Highway and
West of the boundary of Meadows Addition.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this proposed
rezoning from R-3 to M-1. There were no objections voiced.

Commissioner Peccole moved the above described property be rezoned from R-3 to
M-1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Com-
missioner Jarrett passed his vote.

Reverend Walter Bishop was present to discuss Angle Parking on South 9th Street
with the Board.

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

PUBLIC HEARING
Assessment District
No. 100-18
Assessment Roll



PUBLIC HEARING
Rezonings
R-1 to R-2
Blk 1

R-1 to R-2
Blocks 4 - 5



PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning
R-3 to M-1

ANGLE PARKING
South 9th Street