208

PUBLIC HEARING Huntridge
Tract No. 3

COUNTY FIRE PROTECTION

MOUNTAIN VIEW TRAILER PARK
Sanitary Conditions

BUILDING VARIANCE
Fred Lawry

SOLICITORS LICENSE
Sears Roebuck

RELIGIOUS TRAINING
Mrs. I.W. Shelbourne

BEARDEN PROPERTY
Sewer Assessment
District

proposed rezoning and was in favor of the same.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the above mentioned request for rezoning be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple voting aye; noes, Mayor Baker. Commissioner Peccole passed his
vote.

This being the time set for the Public Hearing on the proposed rezoning of Lots 1 to 9
inclusive of Block 3, Huntridge Tract No. 3, His Honor asked if there was anyone present
who wished to object to this rezoning. There were no objections voiced.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that Lots 1 to 9 inclusive of Block 3, Huntridge Tract No. 3
be rezoned from R-3 to C-l.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote;

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this Board go on record to renew the contract
with the County Commission to extend fire protection for one year from January
1, 1953 with a non-cancellable clause for the first six months and a cancellable
clause upon a ninety day notice for the remaining six months, at a cost of $2,800
per month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mr. Harry Claiborne, representing Mr. Rex Brush of the Mountain View Trailer
Park appeared before the Board at this time. Discussion was held regarding
the sanitary conditions of this trailer court. Mr. Claiborne stated that his
client had complied with all the conditions with the exception of those pertaining
to sewer.

The Inspection Departments were requested to make an inspection of this Trailer
Park and report back to the Board.

Commissioner Peccole moved the request of Mr. Fred Lawry to build a commercial
building and an apartment on the northwest corner of 6th and Stewart Streets be
referred to the Regional Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor
voting ayej noes, none.

Mr. Woodman representing Sears Roebuck in this request for a reduction of the
Solicitors license fee. Mr. Woodman was asked to present the necessary information
and affidavits to show that this license is prohibitive.

Mrs. I.W. Shelbourne appeared before the Board regarding her request to conduct
religious training. Mrs. Shelbourne presented credentials to show that she is
an ordained minister. Discussion was held.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved this matter be tabled for further investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunkee,Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that an assessment district for the installation of sewer
improvements in the Bearden Property be created, and the following resolution adopted:

	



