474

Commissioner Jarrett stated that he thought of all applications made Mr. Carey
was head and shoulders above any of the others and because of his education
background and experience he was voting "aye".

Commissioner Sharp stated that his investigation was favorable and he was voting
"aye".

Commissioner Whipple and His Honor voted "aye" without comment.

the City Attorney authorized to prepare an appropriate resolution to be spread
on the Minutes.

WHEREAS, A. H. KENNEDY, has faithfully and untiringly served the City
of Las Vegas for the past two and one-halt months as its acting city manager; and

WHEREAS, A. H. KENNEDY, accepted said position on a temporary basis
without previous knowledge that he would be requested to take the same; and

duties place upon him in the period while the City of Las Vegas was seeking the
services of a new city manager; and

WHEREAS, the period when said A. H. KENNEDY has served as City Manager
has been one which would have tried the patience of a lesser man,

Las Vegas, Nevada, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 19th day of August,
1953. that said City, by this resolution, expresses its gratitude and apprecia-
tion to A. H. KENNEDY for his efforts as acting city manager for the period
from June 8, 1953 to September 15, 1953; and

directed to spread a copy of this resolution on the minutes of the books of
the said City; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby
directed to send a copy of this resolution to the HONORABLE A. H. KENNEDY.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this application for a moving permit be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commis-
sioner Jarrett moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

SALARY INCREASE
Chief of Police

Commissioner Bunker moved the salary of the Chief of Police, A. H. Kennedy be
increased to $600.00 per month effective September 1, 1953; further that a vote
of thanks be given to Mr. Kennedy for his services as Acting City Manager and

RESOLUTION 

WHEREAS, A. H. KENNEDY, has faithfully and diligently performed the

NCW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby

MOVING PERMIT -
Rufus McConnell

The request of Rufus McConnell to move three rooms at 501 Madison to 420 Harrison
Street was considered at this time.

APPROVED:

Mayor

8-19-53