BID 53.15

Portable Tandem
Road Roller



BID 53.16

Motor Grader with Cab
BID 53.17

Power Mower, 76” Cut

AWARD OF BIDS
53.6

Tires & Tubes



BID 53.7
Batteries



TRANSFER

OLD CITY LIBRARY

Clark County

EXTENSION OF TIME
Moss Tract 
&

Sunnyside Subdivision

RIGHT OF WAY DEED
Harold J. & Geraldine
Stocker



RIGHT OF WAY DEED
Louis J. Ortner

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 53.15 for Portable Tandem Road
Roller bids were received from the following firms:

Brown Bevis

Clark County Wholesale

Shaw Sales & Service	- No bid

C.D. Roeder

Blystone Equipment

Smith, Booth, Usher

Inland Service & Supply

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Comptroller
for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 53.16 for Motor Grader with Cab
bids were received from the following firms: 

Blystone	- No bid

James Cashman Co.

Shaw Sales & Service	- No bid

C.D. Roeder

Brown Bevis	- No bid

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Comptroller
for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bun-

ker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bid No. 53.17 for Power Mower, 76” cut
bids were received from the following firms:

Salt Lake Hardware

Brown Bevis	- No bid

Reale McCoy
Pacific Toro
Inland Supply

Blystone	- No bid

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Comptroller
for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bun-
ker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved Bid No. 53.6 Tires & Tubes as recommended by the City Manager be award-
ed to U.S. Tire & Supply in the amount of

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bun-

ker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved Bid No. 53.7 as recommended by the City Manager be awarded to Nevada
Battery and Supply Co.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bun-

ker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved that the City of Las Vegas relinquish its title to the Old Library
site and buildings in Block 20 of Clarks Las Vegas Townsite subject to the County’s deeding Bon-
anza Road from 12th to 25th Street and also their paying their share of the cost on Assessment
District No. 100-20.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bun-

ker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of the Nevas Company for extension of time on Moss Tract
#3 and Sunnyside Subdivision and subdivision bonds be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bun-

ker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Peccole duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried unanimously,
the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

	RESOLUTION

-------------------

BE IT RESOLVED, this 1st day of April, 1953, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 25th day of March, 1953,
executed by Harold J. and Geraldine M. Stocker to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the pur-
poses and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nev-
ada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Voting ”Aye” Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor.

Voting "Nay” None. Absent: None.

On motion of Commissioner Peccole, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker, and carried unanimous-
ly, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

 BE IT RESOLVED, this 1st day of April, 1953, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of