RIGHT OF WAY DEED
Clark County
for

Bonanza Road

BID AWARDS
53.8

Power Mower, Rotary 31”

Whirlwind



53.5

Line Marker and
Paint Sprayer



53.10

Tractor



53.11

Skip Loader



53.12

Back Hoe Attachment
for a Power Shovel



53.13

Tractor with 5"

Sickle Mower &

Scraper



53.14

Air Compressor &
Accessories

53.15

Portable Tandem
Road Roller

A.S. & Agnes Zumstein be denied a variance to construct a duplex on a lot with an
existing single family structure be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	none.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Peccole, and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

	RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED this 15th day of April, 1953, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 7th day of April, 1953, executed by H.E. Harmon, Rodney Colton, George Albright,
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real pro-
perty described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions
as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Voting "Aye" Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor.

Voting "Nay" None	Absent:	None

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the City Manager that Bid No,

53.8	Power Mower, Rotary 31” Whirlwind, be awarded to Raele McCoy Co. in the total
amount of $548.00 be accepted and so ordered.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following voter Com-
missioner Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the City Manager that bid No.

53.9	for line marker and paint sprayer be awarded to Rosevear’s in the total
amount of $359.00 be accepted and so ordered.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none,
Absent:	none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the City Manager that Bid No.

53.10	for tractor be awarded to Blystone Equipment Company, in the total amount of
$4,122.78 be accepted and so ordered.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager that Bid No. 53.11
be awarded to Clark County Wholesale in the total amount of $5,234.83 be accepted
and so ordered.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the City Manager that Bid No.

53.12 be awarded to Cashman's in the total amount of $1,858.00 be accepted and so
ordered.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the City Manager that Bid No.

53.13 be awarded to Blystone Equipment Company in the total amount of $2,328.78
be accepted and so ordered.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager that Bid No.

53.14 be awarded to Inland Service & Supply in the total amount of $2,193.43 be
accepted and so ordered.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	None.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the City Manager that Bid No.

53.15 be awarded to Inland Service & Supply Company in the total amount of
$3,805.00 be accepted and so ordered.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: none.