Las Vegas, Nevada
November 18, 1953

	A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this 18th day of November, 1953 was called to order at the hour of 8:00 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:  Mayor C. D. Baker Commissioner Wendell Bunker Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett Commissioner Harris P. Sharp Commissioner Reed Whipple
PAYROLL WARRANTS |	City Attorney Howard W. Cannon City Manager R. V. Carey City Clerk Shirley Ballinger  Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1046 to 1414 inclusive in the net amount of $42,439.07 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
SERVICE & MATERIAL  WARRANTS  	Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 50525 to 50588 inclusive and 50590 to 50623 inclusive in the total amount of $71,088.34 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
MINUTES  	Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of November 4, 6 and 12, 1953 be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Jarrett passed his vote.
COUNTY SEWER CONNECTION Glendale Gardens  	Mr. Edwin S. Lowe, president of the Glendale Gardens appeared at this time and pre sented the proposal of his group for connection to the City Sewage disposal system. Discussion was held on the matter. Thereafter it was decided that this request be submitted to the City Manager to prepare a complete report to be reported back to the Board of Commissioners at a meeting to be held Monday, November 23, 1953 at 4:00 P.M.
CHARLESTON BOULEVARD Driveway Plan	At this time the City Engineer presented a proposed plan for driveways on Charleston Boulevard, between 10th and 15th Streets. This plan showed that none of the driveways were over thirty-two (32) feet in width.  Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the plan for driveways on Charleston Boulevard as proposed by the City Engineer be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis- sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
PAWNSHOP LICENSE  Square Deal Loan	At this time the request of the Square Deal Loan Company to transfer the interest of Mr. W. E. Gogert to his present partner, Mr. I. F. Quale, due to the fact that this partnership is being dissolved, was presented for consideration.  Commissioner Whipple moved this request be approved and the license be issued in the name of Mr. I. F. Quale, doing business as the Square Deal Loan Company at 118 North 1st Street.
PETITION FOR VACATION  OF SOUTH 3RD STREET	Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis- sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  A petition for the vacation of a portion of South 3rd Street, lying between 5th Street and Oakey Boulevard was considered at this time.  Commissioner Bunker moved this petition be referred to the City Planning Commission for recommendation.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
TAXI APPLICATIONS Lucky Cab Co  	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Lucky Cab Company for license for seven additional taxicabs for the fourth quarter of 1953 be referred to the City Manager for report.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
LIQUOR APPLICATION  New  	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of R. M. Johnson for a Retail Beverage license at the Community Grocery Store, 1218 D Street be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
GAMING APPLICATIONS Renewals	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of C & L Enterprises by Cecil Lynch for renewal of license for two slot machines at Larnin's Drug Store, 812 South 5th Street for the fourth quarter of 1953 be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
New Locations	Commissioner Jarrett moved the following applications for new gaming licenses be approved: