381

5-20-53

CHARLESTON BOULEVARD
IMPROVEMENT
Between 10th & 15th
Cash Assessment
District

LEASE OF CITY PROPERTY
E. Hitchcock

VARIANCE - H.N. Herzog
Appeal Filed



PUBLIC GRAZING LANDS

REZONING - Public
Hearing

Set - Richard Tam

REZONING - Public
Hearing Set
Josephson & Eachus

REZONING - Meadows Addn.
Public Hearing Set

REZONING - B.J. Handlon
Public Hearing Set

VARIANCE APPLICATION
C.P. Squires

V-31-53

Commissioner Bunker moved that the hearing on this Assessment Roll No. 28-1953 be recessed
until May 25, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following voter Commissioners Bun-
ker, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Peccole and Whipple.

Mr. B. Mahlon Brown was present and discussed the proposed improvement of Charleston Boulevard
between 10th and 15th Street, on a cash assessment basis. Mr. Brown stated that the property
owners in this district would like to have the Board advertise for bids for the installation of
this improvement as soon as possible, and in the event the State Highway Department did not ap-
prove the plans these property owners would be responsible for the expense of advertising for
said bids.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that advertisement for bids for the construction of improve
ment commence immediately, subject to the stipulation that if the State Highway Department does
not approve the plans, the property owners will be responsible for the expense of advertising
for bids.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Peccole and Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Mr. E. Hitchcock to lease a certain portion of City
owned property located in the NW¼ SE¼ of Section 17, T 21 S, on a month to month basis for
$75.00 per month with a minimum of 60 days' notice to vacate be approved, and the Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to sign the lease when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Peccole and Whipple.

At this time an appeal of the denial of the application of Harry N. Herzog for Variance to
permit the construction of a 4-unit apartment on each of Lot 1, 2 and 3 and 23 and 24 of Block
7, 14th Street City Addition, was presented.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on this application for variance be held
June 17, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bun-
ker, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Peccole and Whipple.

The request of Mr. J.H. Wittwer for the Board of Commissioners to adopt a resolution opposing
House of Representatives Bill No. 4023 and Senate Bill No. 1491 concerning the disposition of
Public Grazing Lands was referred to Commissioners Bunker and Jarrett for study and recom-
mendation.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the application of Richard Tam to rezone from
R-1 to R-4, M-1 and M-2 property generally located north of San Francisco Street between the
Union Pacific right-of-way and the Meadows Addition be held June 17, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bun-
ker, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Peccole and Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the application of E.L. Josephson and V.D.

Eachus to rezone from R-A to R-3, R-4 and C-2 of that property generally located west of H
Street and north of Harrison Street be held June 17, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bun-
ker, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Peccole and Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing to rezone the lots fronting on Fairfield Avenue
in the Meadows Addition from R-1 to R-4 be held June 17, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bun-
ker, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Peccole and Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the application of B.J. Handlon to rezone
Lots 19 and 20, Block 7 of the Original Las Vegas Townsite Addition from R-2 to F-4 be held
June 17, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bun-
ker, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Peccole and Whipple.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of C.P. Squires to
conduct a real estate business at 408 South 7th Street was presented to the Board for con-
sideration.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that this
variance be allowed be approved and the following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 20th day of April, 1953, C.P. Squires filed an application with the Re-
gional Planning Commission for a Variance to operate and maintain a Real Estate Brokerage
Office at 408 South 7th Street, legally described as Lots 29 and 30 of Block 5, Wardie Addi-
tion; and

WHEREAS, on May 14, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications pro-
testing the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on May 14, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application since
it felt that this variance would not be in discord with the scope of good planning in allow-
ing this use for the duration of the applicant's life; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on May 18, 1953, recom-
mending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission