ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-19

Resolution Confirming
Assessment Roll

RANCHOETTE ADDITION
Tentative Map

PAHOR TRACT - Release
of Performance
Bond



CONTRACT - Care of
Federal Prisoners

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEEDS

Assessment District
NO. 200-12

Bearden Way & Desert
Lane

WHEREAS, the said assessment roll was filed with the City Clerk on the 15th day of April,
1953; and

WHEREAS, notice of said filing and the public hearing on said assessment roll were duly pub-
lished and held as required by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to confirm the said assessment roll.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at a
recessed regular meeting thereof, held on the 6th day of May, 1953, that Assessment Roll No.

24—1953 be and the same hereby is confirmed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk shall endorse said confirmation on the said
roll and forward the same to the County Assessor, Ex-Officio City Assessor for the placing of
said assessments on the official rolls of the County of Clark, State of Nevada.

DATED at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 6th day of May, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution confirming the Assessment Roll on District
No. 100-19, as amended, be adopted.

	

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Nevada, and the officers
thereof, have taken action to improve certain streets and parts of streets therein; and

WHEREAS, said City has created Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-19 for the
purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said City assessed the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, in-
cluding all incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed against the
owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements
and included within said District; and

WHEREAS, the said assessment roll was filed with the City Clerk on the 15th day of April,

1953; and

WHEREAS, notice of said filing and the public hearing on said assessment roll were duly
published and held as required by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to confirm the said assessment roll.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at a
recessed regular meeting thereof, held on the 6th day of May, 1953* that Assessment Roll No.

25-1953 be and the same hereby is confirmed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk shall endorse said confirmation on the said roll
and forward the same to the County Assessor* Ex-Officio City Assessor for the placing of said
assessments on the official rolls of the County of Clark, State of Nevada.

DATED at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 6th day of May, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following voter Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

No action was taken on the tentative map of the Ranchoette due to the fact there was a question
on the availability of sewer facilities for this subdivision.

 At this time the recommendation of the City Engineer that the street improvements including
street lights and sewer in the Pahor Tract had been completed in accordance with City specifi-
cations, was considered. The City Engineer advised that inspection had been made and recommended
that the Commission accept the work and release the performance bond.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the improvements in Pahor Tract be accepted and the Phoenix 
Indemnity Co. surety bond No. 38970 executed by Nick and Albina Pahor be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker, 

Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Whipple moved the contract with the U.S. Government for the care of federal prison-
ers in the City Jail be approved, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker, and carried unanimous-
ly, the following Resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION	

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of May, 1953, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds, dated the 1st day of May, 29th
day of April and the 26th day of August, 1952 executed by:

1.	Howard and Doris Greene

2.	Howard and Doris Greene

3.	C.A. and Helen E. Williams
4. C.A. and Helen E. Williams

5.	Ada L. Bearden and Barbara A. Lord	

6.	Ada L. Bearden

7.	Ada L. Bearden