Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Change of Name of Business

■ALTA VISTA SUBDIVISION
Tract No. 3
Final Map



ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-16
Partial Payment

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-17
Partial Payment

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 200-5
Partial Payment

STREET PAVING PROJECT
Partial Payment

I

CHARLESTON BLVD.
INTERSECTIONS PAVING
Partial Payment

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Lee Jolley





Commissioner Peccole moved the application of First National Bank of Nevada,
trustee of Ethel Rapoport, deceased and Thrifty Liquor & Grill Inc. dba Down
Town Liquors, formerly known as Thrifty Liquor, 28 Fremont Street for a license
for the retail sale of Cigarettes and Tobacco Products for 1953, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Peccole moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the City Engineer and the
City Manager, the final map of Alta Vista Subdivision Tract No. 3 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Peccole moved the request of Young and Smith for partial payment on assessment
district no. 100-16 in the total amount of $58,069.95 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Jarrett,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of J.M. Murphy for partial payment on Assessment District
No. 100-17 in the total amount of $23,703.86 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

Commissioner Peccole moved the request of Longley Construction Company for partial payment on Assessment District No. 200-5 in the total amount of $4,608.63 be approved and the Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Jarrett,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Jarrett

Commissioner/moved the request of Ideal Asphalt Paving Co. for partial payment on H St. McWilliams and Washington Street Paving Project in the total amount of $4,188.15 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Jarrett,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of J.M. Murphy Construction Co. for partial payment on
the Charleston Blvd., Intersection Paving Project in the total amount of $1,438.22 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Jarrett,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

At this time the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Lee A.
Jolley for variance to permit the construction of a storage room within six feet of the property
line at 2700 Ashley Avenue between Strong Drive and Cahlan Drive in an R.E (Residence Estate) Use
District; was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be
approved and the following resolution adopted:

	WHEREAS, on the 20th day of November, 1952, Lee A. Jolley filed an application

with the Regional Planning Commission for a variance to construct a 20’ by 18' combination
garage and storeroom six feet from the east property line located at 2700 Ashby Avenue between
Strong Drive and Cahlan Drive in an R_E (Residence Estate) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on December 23, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public
Hearing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on December 23, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the
application inasmuch as they felt that under the particular circumstances in which this property
is located and the existing design of the house, that this variance would be in accordance with
good planning principles.

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on January 7,
1953, recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the
Regional Planning Commission that Lee A. Jolley be granted a variance to construct a
storage room within six feet of the property line at 2700 Ashby Avenue, be and the same
hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Jarrett,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.