RESOLUTION
Assessment District
No. 100-11

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-21



MINUTES

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Clerk be directed by Resolution to Publish
Notice of Special Assessment, Assessment District No. 100-11 setting time for Pub-
lic Hearing and the following resolution adopted.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken steps
to create certain Public Improvements all as provided for in Emergency Ordinance
No. 541, passed adopted and approved the 6th day of April, 1953.

WHEREAS, Section 5 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 541 directs the County
Assessor of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the Ex-Officio City Assessor
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to make an Assessment Roll in accordance with
the Charter of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the said Ex-Officio City Assessor has prepared such Assessment Roll
in accordance with said Ordinance and on the 15th day of April, 1953, filed said
Assessment Roll with City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, all as directed by Sec-
tion 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 541; and

WHEREAS, said roll was numbered by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
as directed by Section 7 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 541; and

WHEREAS, the time has arrived to direct the Notice of Special Assessment to
be published as required by Section 67 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 15th day of April, 1953, that
the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby directed
to publish notice of the time and place when and where the Board and the County
Assessor and Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to consider objections to said spe-
cial assessment roll and to review said assessments.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall be published
once a week for two successive weeks, to-wit on April 17, 1953 and April 24, 1953,
in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall be in sub-
stantially the form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 15th day of April, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following votes Com-
missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Public Hearing on the creation of District on Ass-
essment District No. 100-21 be recessed until the 27th day of April, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of April 1, 3, 6, and 10, be approved by
reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following votes Com-
missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.