470

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Richardson &
Beckley
V-61-53

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Roy Nowell
V-47-53



ACRES ADDITION -
Final Hap

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New Location

Additional



The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Virginia
and W. Bruce Beckley for variance to permit the construction of an apartment building
to the side property line at 121-123 North 4th Street on Lots 5 and 6, Block 34 of
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite was presented.

Commissioner Sharp disqualified himself from voting on this matter since Zick and Sharp
are the architects for this building.

Commissioner Jarrett disqualified himself from voting since he furnishes the insurance
on this property.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application be approved and the following resolution
adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 31st day of July, 1953, Virginia B. Richardson and W. Bruce
Beckley filed an application with the Regional Planning Commission to construct
and maintain an apartment building to the side property line at 121 and 123 North 4th
Street which is lots 5 and 6, Block 34 Clark's Las Vegas Townsite Addition; and

WHEREAS, on August 13, 1953 the Regional Planning Commission held a public
hearing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised
and no communications protesting the granting of this variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on August 13, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission voted to approve
the application inasmuch as it was felt that this use would not prove detrimental
to the surrounding properties; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on August 14,

1953, recommending that such Variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that Virginia B. Richardson and W. Bruce Beckley be granted a variance
to construct and maintain an apartment building to the side property line on Lots
5 and 6, Block 34, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite Addition be accepted, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioners Jarrett and
Whipple.

The Board considered the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the
application of Roy Nowell to construct a 2 unit apartment in addition to four which
exist on Lots 30 to 32, Block 16, South Addition, on South 4th Street between Gass
and Hoover.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 27th day of July, 1953, Roy Nowell filed an application with the
Regional Planning Commission for variance to construct and maintain a two unit apart-
ment in addition to four which exist on Lots 30 to 32, inclusive, Block 16, South
Addition, within five feet of the inside property line and within one foot of the
alley line; and

WHEREAS, on August 13, 1953 the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing
on this application for Variance, at which time no objections were raised and no com-
munications protesting the granting of said Variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on August 14, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission filed such decision
recommending that such Variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Com-
mission that Roy Nowell be granted a variance to construct and maintain a two units
apartment in addition to four which exist on Lots 30-32 inclusive, Block 16, South
Addition, within five feet of the inside property line and within one foot of the
alley line, be accepted, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner
Whipple passed his vote because his bank may do the financing on this project.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the final map of the Acres Addition Subdivision be approved
subject to the filing of a good and sufficient performance bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for gaming license for the third
quarter of 1953, being new locations, be approved:

TOWN HOUSE CAFE	Clayton & Ann Bunnell	1323 E Street	2 slots

TASTY PASTRY	P. J. & JOHn Buckley	2125 E. Charleston 2 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for additional gaming license for
the third quarter of 1953 be approved:

BROWN DERBY	Boysie Ensley	320	Monroe	1	Poker

GOLDEN NUGGETT	By: C. C. King	129	Fremont	1	Craps	& 1	"21"

PIONEER CLUB B	By; E. L. Crawford	25 Fremont	1	slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

8-19-53