Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the Building Inspector be directed
to issue the necessary building, electrical and plumbing permits required
by Mr. Terry.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.
VAN PATTEN TRACT #2  Final Map	At this time the final map of Van Patten Subdivision, Tract No. 2, was considered.  Commissioner Bunker moved action on this final map be held in abeyance until improvements have been completed in Mr. Van Patten's other tracts namely Van Patten Tract No. 1 and Oakridge.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.
ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 200-12 Final Payment	The recommendation of the City Engineer that Assessment District No. 200-12 be accepted and final payment made was presented for consideration.  Commissioner Bunker moved that final payment to Longley Construction Company on Assessment District No. 200-12 in the total amount of $4, 983.30, allowing a 10% retention on the basic contract, be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.
ASSESSMENT DISTRICT No. 100-17 Final Payment	At this time the request of J. M. Murphy Construction Company for final pay- ment on the basic contract for Assessment District No. 100-17 was considered.  Commissioner Whipple moved the request of J. M. Murphy Construction Company for final payment oh Assessment District No. 100-17 in the total amount of $7,507.80 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.
PETITION FOR VACATION  Charleston Blvd.  	The recommendation of the Planning Commission that the petition of Joseph Gorden to vacate the north forty feet of Charleston Boulevard between 15th and 16th Streets was presented.  Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on this petition for vacation be held December 16, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis sioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple passed his vote. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.
GAMING APPLICATIONS  New  	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of John George Georgacakis dba Las Vegas Turf Club, 126 North 1st Street for license for one Sports Book for the fourth quarter of 1953 be approved.  Motion seconded by Commission Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.
GAMING APPLICATIONS  Renewals  	Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for renewal of gaming licenses for the fourth quarter of 1953 be approved in the same status as they were last quarter:
NEVADA SPORTS BOOK MAYFAIR DRUG CO. CRESTWOOD DRUG	William B. Byrne 115 North 1st 1 Sports Book J. E. Staggs & W. D. Holst 1422 Fremont 6 Slots J. E. Staggs & M. W. Griffiths 2224 E. Charleston 3 Slots  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.
Additionals  	Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for license for additional slot machines for the fourth quarter of 1953 be approved:
NEVADA CLUB CHIC N BOX CORNET STORE	By: Arthur Carl Adams 113 Fremont 17 Slots P.J. & John Buckley 2110 South 5th 1 Slot Tom Jaggers & Joe Comet 4th & Fremont 2 Slots  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.
LIQUOR APPLICATIONS Change of Owner	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Jesse T. Howard dba Larry's Market, 631 South 1st Street, for a Retail Beverage License be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.
CIGARETTE LICENSES	Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for license for the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved.  E.G. & G CONSTRUCTION 1622 South A Sutton Vending DUFFINOS DOWNTOWN RESTAURANT 120 S. 2nd Sutton Vending FREMONT HOTEL 117 N. 9th Sutton Vending