142h

(Coupon Form)

(For bonds 141 through 280, inclusive)

(4) $15.00

(B)	37.50

(C)	2.60

(D)	6.50

NO.*

On the first day of July, 1953,**(Unless the bond to which this coupon is attached
has been called for prior redemption) the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, will pay the bearer hereof the sum of

(A)	Fifteen Dollars

(B)	Thirty Seven and Fifty one Hundredths Dollars

(C)	Two and Sixty one Hundreths Dollars

(D)	Six and Fifty one Hundredths Dollars

in lawful money of the United States of America, out of a special fund designated the
"Assessment District No. 100-17 Street Improvement bondinterest and redemption fund,"
or in the event said fund shall be insufficient therefor out of its general fund, at
the offices of the City Treasurer of said City, being one year's interest on its "Assessment
District No. 100-17 Street improvement bond, series of July 1, 1952," and bearing

NO.

MAYOR

CITY TREASURER

CITY CLERK

(A) (B) (Insert as amount of "A" coupons for bonds in denomination of $400.00 and $1,000.00,
respectively.)

(C)(D) (Insert as amount of "B" coupons for bonds in denomination of $400.00 and $1,000.00,
respectively.)

*( Insert "A or "B as well as the number of the coupon.)

**(Insert in all coupons (Except No. l) maturing on and after one year from date on each bond.)

SECTION 5. That when said bonds have been duly executed, the City Treasurer in the City Treasurer
in the City of Las Vegas shall deliver them to the lawful purchaser thereof on receipt of the purchase
price. The funds realized from the sale of the bonds shall be applied solely to defray the cost and
expense of making said improvements, but the purchaser of said bonds shall in no manner be responsible
for the application by said City, or any of its officers, of any of the funds derived from the sale
thereof.

SECTION 6. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be, and they hereby are, authorized and
directed to take all action necessary or appropriate to effectuate the provisions of this ordinance,
including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the printing of said bonds and the ex-
ecution of such certificates as may reasonably be required by the purchasers thereof, relating, inter
alia, to the signing of the bonds, the tenure and identity of the municipal officials, the amounts
certified on the assessment roll together with the amount of cash payments, the accuracy of property
descriptions, the receipt of the assignable certificates and the delivery of the bonds, and the absence
of litigation pending or threatened affecting the validity of the bonds.

SECTION 7. That after said street improvement bonds are issued, this ordinance shall be and remain
irrepealable until said bonds and the interest thereon shall be fully paid, certified and discharged,
as herein provided.

SECTION 8. That all ordinances or resolutions, or parts thereof, in conflict with the provisions
of this ordinance, are hereby repealed. This repealer shall not be constured to revive any ordinance,
nor resolution. or part thereof, heretofore repealed.

SECTION 9/ That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance
shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair
or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation
to the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional
and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this
ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability
and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate
to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary
immediately to raise funds to improve said streets; therefore, it is hereby declared that an
emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public
peace, health and safety.

SECTION ll. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
shall cause this ordinance to be published onee a week for two successive weeks'immediately following
its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in said
City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 6th day of August, 1952.

mayor pro TEM

(SEAL)

Attest: