provided for in the special assessment bond to be hereafter authorized, sold, is-
sued and delivered, but not to exceed seven per centum (7%) per annum, payable
annually at the office of said Ex-Officio City Treasurer, the first annual payment
of interest being due and payable on the said 1st day of May, 1954, and the remain-
der of said annual installments of interest being due and payable on the 1st day
of May in each year thereafter. Failure to pay any installment, whether of prin-
cipal or interest, when due,, shall cause the whole of the unpaid principal to
become due and payable immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid principal
and accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum
per annum, until the day of sale, but at any time prior to the day of the sale,
the owner may pay the amount of all unpaid installments, with interest thereon at
ten per centum per annum, and all penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be re-
stored to the right thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner as if
default had not been suffered. The owner of any property not in default as to
any installment or payment, may, at any time, pay the whole of the unpaid princi-
pal with interest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax
roll of Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the Coun-
ty Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas,
is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said County
and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll,
and the County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-Officio City Treasurer and Ex-Of-
ficio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed
to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State
and County Taxes are collected.

Section 2. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las
Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its in-
habitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said streets,
therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance
is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safe-
ty.

Section 3. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for
two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption, in the
Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall
become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 27th day of April, 1953.

Commissioner Peccole seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The
question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the
following result:

Those voting "Aye": Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett
Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Those voting	"Nay": 	None.	Absent:	None.

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance
duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Peccole,
that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final
passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are here-
by, suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said
Emergency Ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules,
the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye": Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner	Reed	Whipple

Mayor	C.D.	Baker

Those voting "Nay": None	Absent: None.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read
in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Peccole se-
conded the motion, and the question being upon the placing of said ordinance upon
its passage, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Wendell Bunker

Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett
Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner	Reed	Whipple

Mayor	C.D.	Baker

Those voting "Nay": None.	Absent: None.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all commissioners having voted in
favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance duly passed and adopted
as an Emergency Ordinance.

Commissioner Whipple moved this ordinance be numbered 548.