TAXICAB STAND
APPLICATIONS

PETITION FOR STREET
IMPROVEMENTS

APPOINTMENT OF CITY
BOARD MEMBERS

RESOLUTION R/W Deed
Dyke Lane

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Paul McDermott

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Charles Wallace

The applications of Blue Cab, Tanner Motors and Union Cab Company for Taxicab Stand
No. 6, being located on South 1st Street and Fremont by the Pioneer Club, were presented
at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Tanner Motors for this cab stand be allowed.

This motion died for lack of second.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that Cab Stand No. 6 be granted for the 4th Quarter of 1952
to the Blue Cab Company and a survey be made on the reallocation of cab stands.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the petition of property owners for the improvements of North
8th, 9th , 10th and Linden Streets be paving be referred to the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Peccole, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The appointment of members of the Child Welfare Board, Civil Service, and Plumbing Board
was deferred until November 5, 1952.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried unanimous-
ly, the following Resolution is adopted.

#336	BE IT RESOLVeD, this 15th day of October, 1952, by the Board

of Commissioner s of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, that the deed dated the 2nd day of October, 1952, executed by
L.C. and Mabel Horns to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposed and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be
attached to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of
the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed
in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the petition of property owners in this Dyke Lane Vicinity for
street improvements be referred to the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Paul McDermott
to build ten efficiency apartments at 217 North 12th Street was presented.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation be accepted and the following Resolution
adopted:

#337

WHEREAS, on the 29th day of September, 1952, Paul D. McDermott filed an
application with the Regional Planning Commission for variance to build a
building consisting of ten efficiency apartments within five feet of the rear
lot line on property situated at 217 North Twelfth Street between Stewart Avenue
and Ogden Avenue in a C-2 (General Commercial) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on October 9, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public
Hearing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised
and no communications protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on October 9, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved this
application as they did not feel that this use would be detrimental to surrounding
property, with the stipulation that off-street parking be provided to the tenants;
and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on October 15,
1952, recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that Paul D. McDermott be granted permission to build a building consisting
of ten efficiency apartments within five feet of the rear lot line on property
situated at 217 North 12th Street between Stewart Avenue and Ogden Avenue in a
C-2 (General Commercial) Use District, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Peccole, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
on the application of Charles Wallace for variance to permit the construction of twelve
units on Boston Avenue between Highway 91 and Fairfield Place.



Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be
accepted and the following Resolution adopted.

#338

WHEREAS, on the 29th day of April, 1952, Charles Wallace filed an application with the
Regional Planning Commission for a variance to build twelve units on Boston Avenue between
U.S. Highway #91 and Fairfield Avenue in an R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District; and

WHEREAS, ON October 9, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing
on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communica-
tions protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on October 9, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application
as they did not feel this use would be detrimental to surrounding property; and