532

Additional  	COMMUNITY GROCERY P.J. & John Buckley 1218 D Street 3 slots RYP'S Cardinal 8s Sullivan 134 South 5th 4 slots  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Sallie J. Gordon for one additional slot machine for the fourth quarter of 1953 at Sallie's Liquor Store and Beer Bar 2100 E Charleston be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
GAMING APPLICATION  Change of Licensee	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of P.L. Jefferson for gaming license for 1 "21", 1 Craps, 2 Poker, 2 Slots at the Brown Derby Club, 320 Monroe, said license previously issued to P.L. Jefferson and Boysie Ensley, be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
CIGARETTE LICENSE |	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Sal Sagev Gift Shop, 3 Fremont by Leah Ludwig for a license for the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products for the fourth quarter of 1953, be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis- sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
DEED TO STATE HIGHWAY R/W on North 5th St. Woodlawn Cemtery Property	At this time the request of the State Highway Department for right-of-way along a portion of Woodlawn Cemetery was presented for consideration. d  Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this request for right-of-way be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign said deed.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis- sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED  Owens Avenue	At this time five (5) deeds for right-of-way on Owens Avenue were presented from the following property owners:

a) R. Gay & Agnes W. Myers and Byron 0 & Luella Thornton
#478	b) Tiza Stewart

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED  Hastings Avenue	c)	Las Vegas Gas Company  d)	George 8s Kathleen Cobb  e)	Marie E. Spellmeyer  On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:  BE IT RESOLVED, this l8th day of November, 1953, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds, dated and executed as follows:  a)	R. Gay & Agnes W. Myers and Byron 0 & Luella Thornton - dated October 15, 1953  b)	Tiza Stewart - dated September 21, 1953  c)	Las Vegas Gas Company - dated September 10, 1953  d)	George & Kathleen Cobb - dated June 2b, 1953  e)	Marie E. Spellmeyer - dated July 21, 1953  to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and inten- tions as therein set forth; and  BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.  A deed for a portion of Hastings Avenue, east from Shadow Lane, from Ada L. Bearden, and Blanche M. and Robert M. Beechinor, Jr. was presented for consideration.  On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:
#479	BE IT RESOLVED, this l8th day of November, 1953, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 2nd day of September, 1953, executed by Ada L. Bearden, Robert M. Beechinor, Jr., and Blanche M. Beechinor to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,  BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.
RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED  Desert Lane	Two deeds for a portion of Desert Lane Avenue from Harry W. and Nola Hanson were presented for consideration.

BE IT RESOLVED, this l8th day of November, 1953, by the Board of Commissioners
#480 of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds dated

	July 13th, 1953, and July 20th, 1953, executed by Harry W. and Nola Hanson to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the realjproperty described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,  BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.