286K

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and
adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Peccole and seconded by Commissioner Bunker that all rules
of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this ordin-
ance at this meeting be and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the
final passage and adoption of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll
was called with the following result:	Those voting aye; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Hone.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Peccole then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full at
this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Bunker seconded the motion, and the
question being upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result: Those voting aye;
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent: None. Those voting nay;
none.

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final passage.

Commissioner Peccole then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and as an
emergency ordinance. Commissioner Bunker seconded the motion. The question being upon the
passage and adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting aye: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent: None.
Those voting Nay; None.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all commissioners having voted in favor thereof,
said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Peccole moved this ordinance be numbered 537.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GRAND JURY INVESTIGATION Commissioner Peccole moved that this Board and the Mayor, through the Mayor, request one of the
49er Club	District Court Judges to call the Grand Jury immediately to clear the Commissions name in this

49er deal.

BOND ISSUE QUESTION

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
Formula

This motion again died for lack of second.

The City Manager was instructed to get a list of different service clubs and when they meet,
and to make up a schedule for the Board members to speak on the matter of Sewer Bond question
to be on the ballot May 5, 1953.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommended "Formula C" which is a benefit basis and analyzes
each block on a quarter block basis, be used in assessing for the cost of improvements in
Assessment District Nos. 100-19, 100-20 and 100-21.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, Commissioner Bunker
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:

APPROVED

C.D. BAKER, Mayor

3-25-53