Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following votes: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner Whipple.

NEW	Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of C.R. Millhizer for license for one slot machine for

the third quarter of 1952 at Randles Cafe, 1329 E. Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Change of Operator Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for gaming license for the third quarter of 1952,
being changes of operators, be approved.

I

CHANGE OF OPERATOR

GAMING APPLICATIONS
3rd Quarter 1952

ANCHOR CaFE	1202 South Main	Del Barkhuff	1	Slot
SPIC 'N SPAN CAFE	931 Fremont	Ollie A. Johnson	3	Slots
 SWINGING DOOR SALOON	111 North 1st	Del Barkhuff	1	Slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

LIQUOR APPLICA. Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Philip L. Rizzo, Rizzo's Italian Foods, 1737 South
TIONS	 5th, Retail Liquor be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner peccole moved the application of J.T. Watters Co. Inc., by R.J. McElhone, 330 S. Main
 Street for a Wholesale and Importers Beverage License for the Third Quarter of 1952 be approved, sub-
ject to investigation be the Police Department, and their submitting to the City Attorney proof that
they have the amount of stock on hand as required by Ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Peccole moved the application of A.C. Barron, Little Mexico Cafe, 119 North 1st for a
Restaurant Beverage license for the third quarter of 1952 be approved subject to investigation by the Police Department•

Motion seconded by Commissioners Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Addition of Part- Commissioner Bunker moved the application of G.C. Luzier, Cliff's 5th Street Market 729 South 5th
Ners		to add the names of his sons, Ronald and James on his Retail Beverage license be denied on the

grounds that they are minors.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Change of Owner	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Herman Lerch, Desert Distributing Co., 722 North Main

for a Wholesale and Importers Beverage license, formerly issued to Lee Spiers, be approved subject

to investigation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the followed vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Peccole moved the application of Fred and Georgana Broadbent, Desert Snack Bar,

222	North Main for a Restaurant Beverage license for the third quarter of 1952 be approved
subject to investigation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

TAXI APPLICATIONS

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for license for taxicabs for the third quarter
of 1952, be approved;

LUCKY CAB COMPANY
CHECKER CAB CO.

Dan Smith
Leon Trousdale

1	Replacement Taxi

2	Additional Taxis

1 Taxi

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

PETITION FOR
SEWER

NORTH MAIN ST.'
USE PERMIT- Vera
Love	

Appeal

The petition requesting the installation of a sewer on North Main Street was referred to the Engineer
Department for an estimate on the cost of this improvement.

At this time the following people appeared before the Board requesting that they reconsider the Use
Permit granted July 2, 1952 to Vera Love to conduct a trailer court at 1920 Fremont.

C.S. Marshall	Mrs. William Wright

Truman Hinkle	Mr. Arthur Brigtow

Commissioner Bunker moved that a public hearing on the appeal of this Use Permit be held August 6,
1952 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.