The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Bunker then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and
read in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Jarrett
seconded the motion, and the question being upon the placing of said ordinance upon
its passage the roll called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye": Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
Those voting "Nay":	None

•Absent:	Mayor Baker

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its
final passage.

Commissioner Bunker then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and
as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Jarrett seconded the motion. The question
being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the
following results:

Those voting "Aye": Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
Those voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Mayor Baker

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all commissioners having voted in favor
thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted as an
emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing emergency ordinance be numbered No. 512.

Motion seconded by commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Baker.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Bunker moved the Public Hearing on the Assessment Roll for Assessment District

No. 100-18	No. 100-18 be held January 21, 1953 at 8:00 P.M.

Public Hearing on

Assessment Roll	Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners

	Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time Commissioner Peccole
moved the meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:
ATTEST.

city:

Mayor Baker.

APPROVED:

 

Mayor pro tem
Las Vegas, Nevada
December 17, 1952

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING
Proposed Rezoning
Paradise Groves

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this 17th
day of December, 1952, was called to order at the hour of 7:35 P.M. by His Honor Mayor C.D.
Baker with the following members present:

Mayor

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

Asst. City Mgr.
City Manager
City Attorney
City Clerk

C.D. Baker
Wendell Bunker
Rex A. Jarrett
William Peccole
Reed Whipple

Dora Lord
Chet Shelley
Howard W. Cannon
Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1377 to 1383 inclusive in the net
amount of $35}754.60 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 2353 to 2357 inclusive in the
total amount of $61,923.00 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of December 3, 1952, be approved by reference and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the Public Hearing on the request for rezoning of a
portion of the proposed Paradise Groves Subdivision from R-l to R-2, His Honor asked if there
was anyone present who wished to protest this rezoning.

Mr. Kingsbury stated that there were property owners present who wished to object to this
proposed rezoning.

Thereafter George Von Toble, representing W.J. Moore who has recently purchased twenty-two
acres adjoining this proposed subdivision stated that Mr. Moore had no objections to this

