246

GAMING APPLICATION Little Casino	CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE $1289.05 O'NEIL LUMBER CO. 1394.50 ADAMS FEED CO. 1500.60 NEVADA IRON & METALS 1226.30 GARDEN CENTER 1272.50  Commissioner Peccole moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager for check and recommendation.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.  Commissioner Bunker moved that action on the application of Alfred Quodbach for gaming license at the Little Casino, 108 North 1st Street be held in abeyance until the next regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners on March 4, 1953.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.
MAC DONALD HOTEL Sign Violation	Commissioner Bunker moved that action on the matter of the Sign Violation of the Mac Donald Hotel be deferred until March 4, 1953.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioner Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.  Absent: Mayor Baker.

PETITION FOR VACATION Commissioner Peccole moved that a public hearing on the petition for the vacation of the

Charleston Blvd.	north and south 40 feet of Charleston Boulevard between 10th and 15th Streets be held March 25, 1953, at 8:00 P.M.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

RACE HORSE INFORMATION Commissioners Jarrett and Peccole were appointed as a committee to recommend to the Board

Publication	at the next regular meeting on torch 4, 1953, as to whether or not an ordinance regulating the publication and distribution of horse race information should be adopted.
RIGHT OF ENTRY Nellis Air Force Base Spur Track	Commissioner Bunker moved the request of the Corps of Engineers, U.S. Army for Right of Entry on a strip of land 100 feet wide in Section 26, T 19 S R 62 E for the construction of a railroad spur track to Nellis Air Force Base be approved, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the construction permit.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.
BID NO. 53.1 Fire Hose Award	Commissioner Peccole moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the City Manager and Fire Chief that Bid No. 53.1 to furnish 2000 feet of inch "Best equality" Fire Hose be awarded to the American Rubber Co. at a total price of $2,960.00.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.  Absent: Mayor Baker.
CIVIL SERVICE RULES TO BE AMENDED  	The recommendations of the Civil Service Board, approved at their meeting of February 3, 1953. concerning eligibility lists and compensation in higher classifications, were considered by the Board of Commissioners at this time.  Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the above mentioned proposed amendment to the Civil Service Rules and Regulations be accepted and an ordinance prepared by the City Attorney to enact said changes.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.
EASEMENT- SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER COMPANY  	The request of the Southern Nevada Power Company for easement across the east edge of City Property which is the location of the old City Dump to enable them to construct a distribution line from San Francisco Street to St. Louis Street to serve the new Eastwood Subdivision was presented to the Board for their consideration.  Commissioner Peccole moved that the Board give this Easement subject to confirmation and approval of the Engineering Department.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.  Absent: Mayor Baker.
NURSERY SCHOOL Rules & Regulations  	Commissioner Peccole moved that the recommendation of the Child Welfare Board concerning Standards for Care of Children by Nursery Schools be approved and the City Attorney instructed to prepare an ordinance to adopt these rules and regulations.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

The meeting recessed at 9:20 P.M. and reconvened at 9:40 P.M. with all members present
as of the opening session.