440

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning

Kenneth R. Cannon

R-Ui-53

/

RESOLUTION
Ryfttf Deed
J.L. Filbey
Extension of Pint©
/

REQUEST FOR LOADING ZONE
Clark County Electric
/

CHILD WELFARE BOARD
Appo:ntment

HEER SUBDIVISION
Final Map
/

HUNTRIDGE SUBDIVISION
Replat Tract 1, 2, 3

AGREEMENT - St. Highway
Signals on Main Street

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of
Kenneth R, Cannon,rezoning from R-l to R-3 of the following described
property, to-witt

A portion of the NE£ SE^SE^ NE£ of Sec. 27, T 20 S, R 61 E, MDB&M.

This property generally located on the West Side of North 5th Street,
North of the Alpine Village on a lot 120 x220.

His Honor asked if there were any protestants present. There were no
objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the above described property be
rezoned from R-l to R-3.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following
voter Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absentr Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

At this time the right of way deed from J.L. Filbey for the extension
of Pinto Lane east from Shadow Lane was presented for consideration?

Commissioner Jarrett moved the deed be accepted and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 15th day of July, 1953, by the Board ©f
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, Stake of
Nevada, that the deed, dated the 6th day of July, 1953, executed by
James L. Filbey

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the real property described therein b e, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE ITFURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County
Recorder, 6f the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the
records of this Board,

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp and HisHonor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

The request for a loading zone by the Clark County Electric, 3rd & Stewart
was presented. Acting City Manager Kennedy explained that this concern
had no entrance into the alley and all loading had to be done from the
front. He further explained that overtime double parking in this instance
brought tickets to this business. Discussion was held and it wasthe
contention of the Board that a leading zone could not be allowed since
most every business would want or need one too.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the request of the Clark County
Electric for a loading zone at 3rd & Stewart be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. Vernon Wellboume be appointed as a
member of the Child Welfare Board to fill the vacancy created by the
resignation of Mrs. Buck Blaine.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absentr Commissioners: Bunker and Whipple.

Action on the final map of the Heer Subdivision was deferred until July
20, 1953 in order that the subdividers can secure written permission from
the Water Company, correct the map in which there is an eleven foot
discrepancey and verify the sewer availability.

No action was taken on the replat of Huntridge Subdivision Traci? Nos. 1,2,
and % until the vacation of Charleston Boulevard between 10th and 15th
Street has been completed.

The agreement with the State Highway Department for the maintenance of the
signals to be installed on Main Street at the intersections of Bonanza,
Fremont and Charleston was presented for consideration.

Commissioner Sharp moved this agreement be approved and the Mayor and
City Cle k authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following mo ter
Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent?
Commissioners Bunker and Whipple

7-155-53