272

line of Fremont Street to the North right-of-way line of Ogden Avenue, and
from the South right-of-way line of Stewart Avenue to the South property
line of Helldorado Village; EIGHT STREET from the North right-of-way line of
Bridger Avenue to the South right-of-way line of Carson Avenue, from the
North right-of-way line of Carson Avenue to the South right-of-way line of
Fremont Street, and from a point 100 feet North of the North right-of-way
line of Fremont Street to the South right-of-way line of Mesquite Avenue;

NINTH STREET from the North right-of-way line of Gass Avenue to the South
right-of-way line of Bonneville Avenue, from the North right-of-way line of
Fremont Street to the North right-of-way line of Ogden Avenue; GARCES AVE-
NUE from the East right-of-way line of Main Street to the West right-of-
way line of Fifth Street and from the East right-of-way line of Fifth
Street to the East right-of-way line of Seventh Street; BONNEVILLE AVENUE
from the East right-of-way line of Main Street to the West right-of-way
line of Fifth Street and from the East right-of-way line of Sixth Street
to the East right-of-way line of Seventh Street; CLARK AVENUE from the East
right-of-way line of Main Street to the West right-of-way line of Fifth
Street and from the East right-of-way line of Fifth Street to the East right-of
way line of Sixth Street; LEWIS AVENUE from the East right-of-way line of
Main Street to the East right-of-way line of Fourth Street; OGDEN AVENUE
from the East right-of-way line of Fifth Street to the East right-of-way
line of Ninth Street; STEWART AVENUE from the East right-of-way line of
Fifth Street to the East right-of-way line of Ninth Street; MESQUITE AVENUE
from the East right-of-way line of Fifth Street to the West right-of-way
line of Eighth Street; LINDEN AVENUE from the West right-of-way line of
Sixth Street to the East right-of-way line of Seventh Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

SOLICITOR LICENSE No action was taken on the requested amendment to the requirement for bond
BOND	for Solicitors licenses.

SALARY INCREASES	Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the City Manager for the

following salary increases be approved;

A.H. Kennedy Chief of Police From Step 4 to 5

Schedule 28	$532.00 to $563.00

Lou Anton	Supt. Sanitation From Step 2 to 3

Schedule 23	$360.00 to $381.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

AMBULANCE SERVICE The request of the City Manager that the City enter into a contract with

	Bunker Brothers and Palm Memorial Chapel for ambulance service was discus-

sed at this time.

Commissioner Peccole moved that the City pay Bunker Brothers and Palm Mem-
orial Chapel $5.00 for each call in which an ambulance is requested.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Commissioner Bunker passed his vote.

WOODLAWN CEMETERY
Additional Land

Commissioner Jarrett moved the request of the City Manager for approval of
the purchase of approximately twenty-five acres of land for the Woodlawn
Cemetery in the amount of $12,530.00 from the Las Vegas Land and Water Com-
pany be approved, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the war-
rant when prepared.

BID NO. 53.4
Sludge Pump
Awarded

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved Bid No. 53.4 for a Sludge Pump at the Sewer
Plant be awarded to the Dorr Company in the total amount of $1062.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

LDS CHURCH PROPERTY Commissioner Peccole moved that the City enter into an agreement with the
Drainage	LDS Church whereby the City expend not to exceed $3,000 for the cost of

providing a storm drain for the natural water course on property owned
•	by the church on North 5th Street, said drainage system to be in accordance

with City specifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time,
Commissioner Jarrett moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

APPROVED:

Mayor