in his office, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording, whereupon from
said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents of such Assessment Roll,
and it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all pro-
ceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and Assess-
ment Roll.

Section 14. That all special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall from the date of
confirmation and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land
assessed. The special assessments thereafter shall be and remain a lien on the respective lots
and parcels of land assessed until paid.

Section 15. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the County
Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-Officio City Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Collector
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, within ten days after said special assessment roll is con-
firmed and approved, without interest and without demand; provided, that all such assessments,
or any part thereof, may, at the election of the owner, be paid in installments, with interest ,
as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay the whole assessment, or any part thereof, within said
period of ten days shall be conclusively considered and held an election on the part of all persons
interested, whether under disability or otherwise, to pay in such installments. In case of such
election to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be payable at the office of the
said Ex-Officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual installments of principal, the
first of which installments of principal shall be due and payable on or before the 1st day of
December, 1953, and the remainder of said installments shall be due and payable successively on
or before the same day in each year thereafter until paid in full, with interest in all cases
on the unpaid and deferred installments or principal from the 1st day of January, 1953, at the
same rate of interest as that provided for in the special assessment bond to be hereafter author-
ized, sold, issued and delivered, but not to exceed seven per centum (7%) per annum, payable
annually at the office of said Ex-Officio City Treasurer, the first annual payment of interest
being due and payable on the said 1st day of December, 1953, and the remainder of said annual in-
stallments of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of December in each year thereafter.
Failure to pay any installment, whether of principal or interest, when due, shall cause the
whole of the unpaid principal to become due and payable immediately, and the whole amount of the
unpaid principal and accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum
per annum, until the day of sale, but at any time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may
pay the amount of all unpaid installments, with interest thereon at ten per centum per annum,
and all penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to pay in in-
stallments in the same manner as if default had not been suffered. The owner of any property not
in default as to any installment or payment, may, at any time, pay the whole of the unpaid princi-
pal with interest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark
County on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County,
acting Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter
the same on the tax roll of said County and to extend the same in a special column for special
assessments on said tax roll, and the County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-Officio City Treasur-
er and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to
collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County taxes are
collected.

Section 16. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when collected,
shall be placed in a special fund to be known as "Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District
No 200-12" and as such shall at all times constitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially
appropriated to the payment of the special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to
be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered for the purpose of paying in part the cost
or expense of said improvements; and said fund shall be applied to payment for the improvements
for which said assessments were made, and shall not be used for any other purpose until said
bonds and the interest thereon is fully paid.

Section 17. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved, said Ex-Officio
City Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-Officio City Assessor, whose
name appears on said assessment roll, by United States of America mail, that an assessment has
been levied against said person and the designated property in said Sanitary Sewer Improvement
Assessment District No. 200-12, and shall state therein when and where said assessment is due and
payable.

Section 18. That all action (Not inconsistent with the provisions of this ordinance) hereto-
fore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City, directed toward the making
of said improvements by installing a sanitary sewer along certain streets and portions of streets
and easements therein in said Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-12, toward
the creation of said District, and toward levying and effecting special assessments to defray the
entire cost thereof, be, and the same is, hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

Section 19. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances or parts of by-laws, orders,
resolutions and ordinances in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 20. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance
shall, for any reason, be questioned or held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or
invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to
the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and
invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this
ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability
and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

Section 21. That by reason of the fact that the sewer system of the City of Las Vegas is
inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is
necessary immediately to raise funds to extend said sewer system, therefore, it is hereby de-
clared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preser-
vation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 22. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks
immediately following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper
published in said City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the
second publication hereof.