Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and lost by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett and Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker, Sharp and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the five (5) acre parcel on the northwest corner of
Maryland Parkway and San Francisco Street be left as R-l and to extend the R-2
area as shown, along San Francisco Street to Maryland Parkway to conform with the
rest of the area.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye: noes, none.

VI	- AREA SOUTH OF PARK PASEO,

Between South 5th Street and South 5th Place

Commissioner Bunker moved this proposed rezoning be referred back to the Planning
Commission with the request that they write a letter of public notice to the property
owners in the area for a hearing to be held by the Planning Commission on this
recommended change to C-l.

Motion seconded by Commissi oner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor C.D. Baker voting aye; noes, none.

VII	- AREA WEST OF 5TH STREET

(Beckley's Subdivision)

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the recommendation that this area
be changed from R-3 to R-l. There were no objections voiced.

V111 - WESTSIDE AREA

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the proposed rezoning recommended
by the Planning Commission of the particular area from "A" to "H" Streets. There
were no objections voiced.

IX	- HARRISON STREET -

Commercial Area

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the recommended commercial area on
Harrison Street. There were no objections voiced.

X	- AREA NORTH OF BONANZA VILLAGE

The recommendation of the Planning Commission to rezone that area generally located
north of Bonanza Village in Section 21, T21S, R6l E, from one half acre parcels to
R-l, was considered at this time.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this recommendation. There were no
objections voiced.

XI	- TONOPAH HIGHWAY

Mr. Rennold Pender appeared before the Board at this time, requesting that his
application for rezoning of his property to C-2, be considered. Said property is
generally located east of the proposed commercial district for Heers Subdivision
on the Tonopah Highway.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. Pender's request for rezoning be referred to the
Planning Commission to go through the regular channels.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Xll	- BUCK'S SUBDIVISION
(8th STREET BETWEEN STEWART & LINDEN)

Mr. Yancey, property owner on North8th Street, between Stewart and Linden, appeared
before the Board at this time. Discussion was held regarding the number of units
that are allowed under the zoning in this area. Mr. Yancey was referred to the Planning
Commission to make application for his required use, and go through the regular channels.

Xlll	- CHARLESTON HEIGHTS SUBDIVISION

Commissioner Sharp moved the present area in Charleston Heights Subdivision shown as
commercial, R-3 and R-4, revert to R-l.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the Master Plan of Zoning be referred to the
Planning Commission with the recommendations stated, for thier consideration and
adoption.

Motion seconded by commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application for variance

Southern Nevada Memorial	by the Southern Nevada Memorial Hospital to construct an addition within 60 feet of the

Hospital	center line of Charleston Boulevard His Honor asked if there were any protests on this

V-66-53	application. There were no objections voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission on the application

of the Southern Nevada Memorial Hospital for variance be accepted, and the following

Resolution adopted:

10-7-53