160

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Trailer Parks

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Traffic

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Legal Holidays

Vacation of streET
3rd Street



PAWNSHOP LICENSE
Vegas Jewelry
& Loan

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Traffic

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 200-5
Notice of Sale of
Bonds

Commissioner Whipple, member of the committee for recommendation of the proposed amendment to the Trailer Park Ordinance requested additional time until Commissioner Peccole returns.

Commissioner Whipple moved action on the proposed ordinance be held in abeyance until October
15, 1952.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following votes; Commissioner Bunker
Whipple, Jarrett and His honor voting ayes; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioners Bunker and Jarrett requested additional time before reporting on the proposed
amendment to the Traffic Ordinance.

An Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE ESTABLISHING HOLIDAYS FOR EMPLOYEES OF THe CITY OF LAS

VEGAS, AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, was read by title and referred to Commissioners
Bunker and Whipple for recommendation.

Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the vacation of a portion of 3rd Street between
Oakey and Wyoming be set for 7:45 P.M. November 5, 1952.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following votes: Commissioner Bunker,
Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting ayes; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Mildred Stoney, owner of Vegas Jewelry and Loan Company be requested
to appear before the Board at their next regular meeting on October 1, 1952 to show cause why her
license should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following votes; Commissioners Bunker,
Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting ayes; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Bunker & Jarrett committee for report on proposed amendment requested addition time
before reporting.

Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following Resolution:

#329 Resolution

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark and State of Nevada, and the officers
thereof, have taken action to improve certain streets and parts of streets therein; and

WHEREAS, said City has created Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-5
for the purpose of making said improvements, and has ordered the work of said improvements;
and

WHEREAS, said City assessed the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, in-
cluding all incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed, against
the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improve-
ments and included within said District; and

WHEREAS, said assessments aggregate the principal sum of $27,946.90.

WHEREAS, said City heretofore provided that said assessments were due and payable at the
office of the County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, acting ex-officio City Treasurer and
ex-officio Tax Collector of said City, without interest and without demand, within one week
after the special assessment roll for said District was confirmed and approved; and

WHEREAS, said roll was confirmed and approved on the 13th day of June, 1952; and amended
in certain particulars on the 2nd day of July, 1952; and

WHEREAS, within said week there was paid the aggregate sum of $14,568,62 (7,909.50, and there
remains unpaid assessments in the aggregate principal amount of §19,510.10; and

WHEREAS, said City heretofore provided that the failure to pay the whole of any assessment, or
any part thereof, within said period of one week should be conclusively considered an election on the
part of all persons interested to pay said assessment in ten substantially equal annual installments
of principal, the first of which installments of principal shall be due and payable on or before the
1st day of August, 1953, and annually thereafter on the same day in each year until paid, at the same
rate of interest as that provided for the special assessment bonds to be thereafter authorized, sold,
issued and delivered, but not to exceed seven per centum (7%) per annum; and

WHEREAS, said City add the officers thereof have determined, and do hereby determine, that it is
necessary and for the best interests of said City and the inhabitants thereof that it issue its
Assessment District No. 100-16, Street Improvement Bonds, Series of September, 1, 1952, in an aggregate
principal amount of said unpaid assessments, to-wit, §19,510.10, to defray said entire cost and expense
of making said improvements, except to the extent funds are available therefor from the assessments which
have been heretofore paid; and

WHeReAS, said City and the officers thereof desire to sell said bonds after public advertisement
therefor, pursuant to the laws of the State of Nevada ana the City of Las Vegas.

NOW, THEREFORE, Ba IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THe CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA:

Section 1. That special assessment negotiable coupon bonds designated Assessment District
No. 200-5 Sanitary Sewer Improvement Bonds, Series of September 1, 1952, of the City of Las Vegas, in
the aggregate principal amount of §19,510.10 shall be sold for not less than their par value at public
sale to the person or persons offering the best and most advantageous terms to said City. The Mayor
and the City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized and directed to give notice offering said bonds
for sale and calling for bids for the purchase of said bonds by publishing a notice once a week for four
consecutive weeks by five insertions at weekly intervals in the Las Vegas Review Journal, the official
newspaper of the City of Las Vegas, and by mailing a copy of such notice at least three weeks prior to
the date fixed for the sale of said bonds to the State Board of Finance, Carson City, Nevada, which
notice shall be in substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF SALE OF
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

ASSeSSMENT DISTRICT NO. 200-5, SaNITARY SEWER IMPROVEMENT BONDS

series of September 1, 1952

19,510.10