USE PERMIT
314 South 2nd Street
Dr. M.H. Bogardus

USE PERMIT

First Methodist Church
North of Oakey

PROPOSED REZONINGS
Biles 19 & 23, 14th St.
City Addition

house on a lot 125 feet by 140 feet, located at the northwest corner of South
Fourth Street and Hoover Street on Lots 17, 18, 19, 20 and 21, Blk. 16, South
Addition in an R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on February 26, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held
a Public Hearing on this application for variance at which time no objections
were raised and no communications protesting the granting of said variance
were received; and

WHEREAS, on February 26, 1953. the Regional Planning Commission approved
the application as they did not feel this use would be detrimental to surrounding
property values.

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on March
4, 1953. recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, The recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that William G. Ruyman be granted a variance to construct and maintain
a twenty-five unit apartment house, with the stipulation that the applicant comply
fully with the R-4 (Apartment Residence) Use District regulations and to provide
adequate off street parking facilities, be and the same is hereby approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

The application of Dr. Millie H. Bogardus for a Use Permit to operate and maintain
a Chiropractic Office at 314 South 2nd Street, as recommended by the Regional Planning
Commission, was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the Regional PLanning
Commission be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

#387 WHEREAS, on the 11th day of February, 1953. Dr. Millie H. Bogardus filed
an application with the Regional Planning Commission to operate and maintain a
Chiropractic Office at 314 South 2nd Street in an R-4 (Apartment Residence) Use
District; and

WHEREAS, on February 26, 1953. the Regional Planning Commission held a
Public hearing on the application for Use Permit, at which time no objections
were raised and no communications protesting the granting of said Use Permit were
received; and

WHEREAS, on February 26, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission approved
the application as they felt this use would not be detrimental to surrounding property
values in this area; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on March 4,
1953. recommending that such Use Permit be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED; The recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that Dr. Bogardus be granted a Use Permit to operate and maintain a
Chiropractic Office at 314 South Second Street, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

The application of the First Methodist Church for a Use Permit for the erection of a
church on property generally located north of Oakey Blvd., and west of the Southern
Nevada Power Co., right-of-way, as recommended by the Regional Planning Commission,
was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

#388 WHEREAS, on the 18th day of February, 1953. the First Methodist Church filed an
application for a Use Permit for the Erection of a church, facilities, for Sunday School
activities and youth recreation located in a portion of the SE1/4 NW1/4 Section 2, Township
31 South, Range 6l East, MDBScM., in an R-l (Single Family Residence) Use District;

Nor the of Oakey Blvd, and west of the Southern Nevada Power Right-of-way on a lot 153
feet by 500 feet; and

WHEREAS, on February 26, 1953. the Regional Planning Commission held a Public
Hearing on this application for Use Permit, at which time no objections were raised
and no communications protesting the granting of said Use Permit were received; and

WHEREAS, on February 26, 1953. the Regional Planning Commission approved the
application inasmuch as they felt that this use would not be detrimental to the
surrounding property; and

WHEREAS, Such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on March 4,
1953. recommending that such Use Permit be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that the First Methodist Church be granted a Use Permit for the erection of a church, facilities
for Sunday school activities and youth recreation, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the proposed rezoning of Lots 10 to 18,

Block 19 and Lots 1 to 21, Block 23 of the l4th Street City Addition from R-l to R-2

be set for April 1, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.