And it appearing from the Affidavit of Charles V. Cudney, filed with the Clerk of this
Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which notice is attached
to said affidavit was posted on the 15th day of September, 1952, in the manner prescribed
by said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the Hearing on said Petition for vacation and the
recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having heard evidence
in support of and there being no opposition to said Petition and recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the portions of the streets proposed to be vacated areno longer required for the public use and convenience that
neither the Public nor any person will materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portions of streets and alleys in the
area of Westwood Drive as recorded in Book 1 of Plats, Page 43, Clark County Records,
to-wit

That portion of Westwood Drive extending South from
Park Circle to Waldman Avenue located in the Westwood
Park Tract No. 2 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

be and the same are hereby vacated.

APPROVED:



C.D. BAKER MAYOR

ATTEST:

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning Westwood
Park #2



PUBLIC HEARING

Rezoning of Boulder
Addition

DRIVEWAY PERMITS
R.J. Fitch

_________________________

Shirley Ballinger City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the Public Hearing on the request for rezoning of Westwood
Park No. 2 from R-E to R-l, His Honor asked if there were any protestants present. No
objections were voiced or filed.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Westwood Park No. 2 be rezoned from R-E to R-l.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the Public Hearing on the request for rezoning of Block 7,
Boulder Addition from R-3 to C-l, His Honor asked if there was any present who wished
to object to this rezoning.

There were no objections voiced or filed.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that Block 7, Boulder Addition be rezoned from R-3 to C-l.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote} Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Peccole, Jarrett, and His Honor voting aye; rides, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the request of R.J. Fitch for a driveway in front of his
Grocery Store at 105-107 St. Louis be denied on the grounds that it was not to the
benefit of the public.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Peccole, Jarrett, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

DRIVEWAY PERMIT
Lester Goldring

OAKEY BLVD. PAVING
Opening of Bid

MARBLE MANOR PAVING
Opening of Bid

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Lester Goldring for a 100 foot driveway in
front of his property at 1622 South A Street be allowed subject to an agreement with the
City that if and when the City required the replacement of the curbing this will be done
at Mr. Goldring or the owners expense.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the installation of improvements on
Oakey Boulevard from South 5th Street to South 10th Street, the only bid received was
as follows;

IDEAL ASPHALT PAVING CO.	$12,728.50

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager and City
Engineer for checking and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the installation of streets surrounding
Marble Manor, the only bid received was as follows;

IDEAL ASPHALT PAVING CO.	$8,074.50

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager and City
Engineer for checking and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.