239

LDS CHURCH
5th St. Youth
Center

Further discussion was held and it was decided that a meeting be held Saturday, February 7th, at 2:30 P.M.
The committee on the investigation of this matter was to be Commissioners Peccole and Whipple from the
Board of Commissioners; two representatives of the Board of Appeals; two representatives of the Plumbers
Examining Board; and Mr. Weber chose Mr. Miles Nay to represent him at said meeting.

Messrs T. Gay Myers, Thomas Adams and R.L. Bunker of the LDS Church appeared before the Board at this
time to discuss the drainage problem on the property on which they propose to install a youth center.

Discussion was held and the Engineering Department was authorized to look into this matter and assist
the LDS Church in finding a solution to the problem.

assessment DIST. Commissioner Whipple moved the request of J.M. Murphy Construction for partial payment on Assessment District
No. 100-17 No. 100-17 in the total amount of $46,541.80 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
Partial Payment the warrant when prepared.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole	and carried by	the following vote; Commissioners	Bunker,	Whipple,

Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes,	none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

ASSESSMENT DIST. Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Longley Construction Co. for partial payment on Assessment District
No. 200-5 No. 200-5 in the total amount of $8,641.13 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.
Partial Payment

 Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Whipple,
Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.

H STREET IMPROVE- Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Ideal Asphalt Paving Co. for partial payment for Marble Manor
MENT	Street Improvement in the total amount of $2,616.30 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to

Partial Payment sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole	and carried by	the following vote; Commissioners	Bunker,	Whipple,

Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes,	none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

CHARLESTON BLVD.

INTERSECTIONS
Partial Payment

ASSESSMENT DIST,
NO. 100-16
Partial Payment

Extra Work

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of J.M. Murphy Construction Co. for partial payment on the Charleston
Blvd. intersection Street improvements in the total amount of $2,607.22 be approved and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Whipple,
Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Young and Smith Construction Co. for partial payment on Assessment
District No. 100-16 in the total amount of $2,033.19 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Whipple,
Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Young and Smith for payment for extra work on Assessment District
No. 100-16 in the total amount of $2,033.19 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the
warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Whipple,
Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.

SOUTHRIDGE #3 Commissioner Whipple moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the City Engineer, the $6,400 bond filed
Release of Wells by Wells Cargo Inc. for street paving in Southridge Subdivision, Tract No. 3, be released.

Cargo Bond		

 Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.

LOCKSMITH LICENSE Commissioner Whipple moved the application of J.A. Ewing for a locksmith license at 114 South 1st Street,

J.A. Ewing be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole,
Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.

Mr. John McNamee appeared before the Board at this time requesting that Tanner Motor Tours and Vacationer's
Bureau be granted a loading zone at 209 Fremont Street in order to pick up passengers for tours now proposed
by these concerns. Discussion followed.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the request of Vacationer's Bureau and Tanner Motor Tours for a
loading zone at 209 Fremont Street be referred to the City Manager and Engineering Department to work
out a loading zone for Tanner Motor Tours in conjunction with said tours.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole,
Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett,

Commissioner Bunker moved the license of the El Rio Liquor Store be suspended for thirty days and the owner
be allowed to dispose of his business during that period of time; further that the Chief of Police be
authorized to pick up said license immediately.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole,
Whipple and His Honor voting aye; Noes; none. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett,

Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr, Raymond Salmon be notified to appear at the next meeting to show cause
why the liquor license for the Bonanza Liquor Store should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole,
Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.

The committee for report on the meeting recently held with the Child Welfare Board, requested additional time
before reporting.

LOADING ZONE

LIQUOR LICENSE
SUSPENDED El Rio Liquor
Store

LIQUOR LICENSE
Bonanza Liquor
Store 

CHILD WELFARE
REGULATIONS 

SALARY INCREASES

NAME

Commissioner Whipple moved the following salary increases recommended by Civil Service Board of Trustees,
be approved, effective February 15, 1953. with the exception of one, as designated, which is to be effective



be approved
April 1, 1953:

Clark, P,A.
Hawkins, Ralston
Ouimet, Joan L.
Ruffin Robert

DEPARTMENT

City Clerk
City Attorney
Comptroller
Electrical

STEP TO STEP	SCH	DOLLARS
2-3	18	$263. - 288
4-5	24 - 25	426 - 476
2-3	15	231 - 244
2-3	22	341 - 36O