108

PUBLIC HEARING -
Rezoning of Charleston
Village

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Nursery Schools

HYDE PARK SUB-
DIVISION
Tentative Map

US VEGAS MUSIC
FOUNDATION -
Drawing

AUCTIONEER PERMIT
William Mendelsohn

LOADING ZONES



IDS CHURCH - Request
for Drainage

USE PERMIT -
Vera Love

USE PERMIT -
Vowell & Hitchcock

her office prior to said meeting and she filed a certificate with the Board of Commissioners
to that effect.

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any objection, suggestion or comment,
or raise any question concerning said District. There was no one present to object.

Thereupon, Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be directed to prepare an ordinance creat-
ing said District and to take such steps as are necessary to effectuate the provisions of said
Emergency Ordinance No. 493, passed adopted and approved the 4th day of June, 1952.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bun-
ker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole,

Commissioner Jarrett moved that action on the rezoning of a portion of Charleston Village be
deferred until July 16, 1952,

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bun-
ker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

Father Carmody appeared before the Board at this time and requested the adoption of an ordinance
licensing and regulating Nursery Schools in the city of Las Vegas.

Thereafter an ordinance entitled: AN ORDINANCE TO PROVIDE FOR THE REGULATION AND LICENSING
OF CHILD CARE FACILITIES: AND PERSONS AND ORGANIZATIONS PROVIDING CARE FOR CHILDREN, AND RE-
PEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, was read by title and referred to Commissioners
Jarrett and Whipple for recommendation.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Hyde Park Subdivision, covering the first two
hundred lots, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bun-
ker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Mr John Fletcher representing the Las Vegas Music
Foundation, to hold a drawing, be referred to the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner Bun-
ker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of William Mendelsohn for a permit to hold an auction
every Saturday during July, August and September, 1952, commencing July 19th be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bun-
ker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;, noes, Commissioner Jarrett, Absent:	Commissioner Pec-

cole,

Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple, committee for report on requests for loading zones, asked
for additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the request of the IDS
Church for drainage from their property located on North 5th Street, asked for additional time
before reporting.

The recommendation from the Regional Planning Commission concerning the application of Vera
Love for a Use Permit to operate a trailer court behind the Purple Sage Motel at 1920 Fremont,
was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for Use Permit be approved and the following reso-
lution adopted.

#290 RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 13th day of April, 1952, Vera Love filed an application with the Region-
al Planning Commission for a Use Permit to operate and maintain a trailer court directly back
of the Purple Sage Motel, located at 1920 Fremont Street in a C-2 (General Commercial) Use Dis-
trict; and

WHEREAS, on June 5, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for Use Permit, at which time arguments were presented by all interested parties;
and

WHEREAS, on June 5, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission voted to grant the applica-
tion as it was their belief that this trailer court would not be detrimental to surrounding
property values; and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with the Board of
Commissioners on June 10, 1952, recommending that such Use Permit be granted,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that Vera Love be granted a Use Permit to operate and maintain a trailer court directly back
of the Purple Sage Motel at 1920 Fremont be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bun-
ker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Vowell and Hitch-
cock for a Use Permit to screen and wash gravel at 1606 Truck Highway, was presented to the
Board for consideration.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for Use Permit be approved and the following re-
solution adopted: