6. Final Pay Estimate No. 5 - Longley Construction Co., Construction of Nine Hole
Addition to Golf Course, $8025.96.

7. Four months extension of time on B.M. Jones Tract.

8.	Payment #1 - Assessment District No. 100-11 in the amount of $2500.55.

9.	Release of bond - Alta Vista Tract #1 and $2.

10. Condemnation of A Street	s/ Shirley Ballinger________

	ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE		City Clerk
of  of	We, the undersigned, Mayor, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, Special Meeting.	Commissioners, City Manager and City Attorney do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice	
s/	C. D. Baker	s/	Harris P. Sharp
	Mayor		Commissioner
s/	Reed Whipple	s/	Howard W. Cannon
	Commissioner		City Attorney
s/	Rex A. Jarrett	s/	R. V. Carey
	Commissioner		City Manager
	Wendell Bunker		

Commissioner

...................

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 29, 1953

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 29th day of December, 1953 was called to order at the hour of 8:00 P.M. by his
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

C. D. Baker
Wendell Bunker
Rex A. Jarrett
Harris P. Sharp
Reed Whipple

City Manager
Asst City Mgr.
City Attorney
City Clerk

R. V. Carey
George Rounthwaite
Howard W. Cannon
Shirley Ballinger

POLICE DEPARTMENT RADIOSThe request of the Police Department for three 3_way radios provided for in the budget

was considered by the Board at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request for radios be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Harry Claiborne and Mr. Francis Ellis appeared before the Board at this time with
the financial statement of the Veterans Club of Southern Nevada and other information
as requested jper recent letter. Discussion washeld on this matter and Mr. Ellis was
warned that he had better conduct his business as a Club in the future or his license
would be revoked.

This was the time set for the opening of bids for the construction of the house for the
cemetery.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the following bids be accepted and referred to the City
Manager for further study and recommendation:

Jack McDonald	$12,335.00

Simpson & Mather	$$12,381.00

Leslie Elson Co 13,130.00
Lembke, Clough & Kingl3, 950.00
Longley Const. Co. 13,195.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Service and Material Warrant No. 59859 in the total
amount of $2,899.75 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final payment to Longley Construction Co. in the total
amount of $8,025.64 for construction of nine hole extension on the Golf Course be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time payment #1 for Assessment District #100-11 in the total amount of $2500.55
was considered by the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved this payment to Shock Electric be approved and the Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ALTA VISTA TRACT NOS. 1 & 2 Commissioner Sharp moved the release of the bond for Alta Vista Tract Nos. 1 and 2 be
Release of Bond	approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.	12-29-53

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT #100-11

Payment #1

LIQUOR LICENSE

Veterans Club of So Nev.

OPENING OF BIDS
House for Cemetery

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

FINAL PAYMENT
Golf Course