499

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Community Store
New

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Larry's Market
Change of Ownership

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Name
Sports Liquor
Store

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Change of Policy
on

Submission to Board

LIQUOR LICENSE -
Change of Applicant

LIQUOR LICENSE -
Change of Name
O'Brien's Liquor
Store

PARKING METERS

SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER
COMPANY

BID NO. 53.30
Tire Truck
Award of Bid

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of R.M. Johnson, Community Store, 1218 D Street
for a Retail Beverage License for the fourth quarter of 1953 be held in abeyance until the
investigation and the recommendation has been completed by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Jesse t. Howard for a retail Beverage License
at Larry's Market, 631 South 1st Street be held in abeyance until the investigation and
recommendation has been completed by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Hans H. Eberhardt to change the El Rio Liquor
Store, 419 North Main Street to the Sports Liquor Store, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that he thought it advisable to change the policy on submitting
liquor license applications direct to the Board of Commissioners, that these applications
should go direct from the Clerk's office to the Police Department for investigation and
held until the report has been completed, and then submitted to the Board for consideration.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

No action was taken on the application by Amos Ritchie, Mgr. Thrifty Drug Stores Co. Inc.,
317 Fremont for the Retail Liquor license formerly issued to Leonard Fayle, until the
investigation has been completed by the Police Department•

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Robert O'Brien, Robert Cardinal and J. E.
Sullivan to change the name of the Demijohn Liquor Store, 1311 E. Charleston to O'Brien's
Liquor Store, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the request to purchase fifteen additional parking meters to
install on Fremont Street in locations previously allocated as Bus Stops, be approved and
the City Manager authorized to order same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be instructed to make application to the
Public Service Commission immediately for the Southern Nevada Power Company to appear
before the Public Service Commission to show cause why their permit should not be
revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried ty the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the City Manager in connection with the City Attorney
make a report to the Board at the second meeting in October as to the feasibility of the
City of Las Vegas, or others who would be interested in taking over, going into the
power business in the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried ty the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple not
voting.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that Bid No. 53.30 for the furnishing of a Fire Truck to the
City of Las Vegas be awarded to the Seagrave Hirsch co. in the total amount of $25,281.00,
since the other bids do not meet the required specifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, the meeting
adjourned.

ATTEST:	APPROVED

Mayor

9-30-53