200

variance application

Lee Jolley

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Lawrence Sage

PARADISE GROVE
Tentative Map

COUNTRY estates
Tentative Map

BEARDEN PROPERTY
Sewer Assessment

GAMING APPLICATION S
New Locations

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on December
3, 1952, recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that Zelda Iris Link be granted a variance to construct a duplex at
323 North 16th Street in an R-l (Single Family) Use District, be and the same
hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Baker.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the application of
Lee Jolley to build a combination garage and store room at 2700 Ashby Avenue be
denied was considered.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be approved and the following resolution
denying the application.

#360

WHEREAS, on the 20th day of November, 1952, Lee Jolley filed an application with
the Regional Planning Commission to construct a 20' by 18' combination garage and store
room 24 inches from the east property line, situated at 2700 Ashby Avenue between Strong
Drive and Calhan Drive in an R-E (Residence Estate) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on November 25, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing
on this application for variance; and

WHEREAS, on November 25, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission voted to deny the
application inasmuch as they felt granting the request would be setting a precedent and
also, that no hardship was shown since the applicant had a large lot; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on December 3,

1952, recommending that such variance not be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT resolved, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that the variance application of Lee A. Jolley to construct a combination garage and store
room at 2700 Ashby Avenue, be denied, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Lawrence Sage
to conduct a Used Car Lot at 702 North A Street was discussed at this time.

Commissioner Peccole moved this recommendation be approved and the following resolution
adopted:

#361

WHEREAS, on the 17th day of November, 1952, Lawrence Sage filed an application with
the Regional Planning Commission for a variance to operate and maintain a Used Car Lot
at 702 North "A" Street in an R-4 (Apartment Residence) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on November 25, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public
Hearing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised
and no communications protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on November 25, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the
application on the condition that all junk automobiles be removed from the lot within
60 days; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on December 3, 1952,
recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, Ba IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that Lawrence Sage be granted a variance to operate and maintain a Used Car Lot at 702
North A Street in an R-4 (Apartment Residence) Use District; with the condition that all
junk automobiles be removed from the lot within sixty days, be and the same hereby is
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

The tentative map of Paradise Groves Subdivision was held in abeyance until the next
regular meeting on December 17, 1952.

Commissioner Peccole moved the tentative map of Country Estates Subdivision be approved
excluding the requirement of sidewalks.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

Mrs. Ada Bearden appeared before the Board at this time requesting that a Sewer Assessment
District be created in her property. Discussion was held and the matter referred to the
Engineering Department to ascertain whether or not this property would carry a sewer and
street improvement assessment.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of O.W. Glenn for license for one slot machine
at Sundown's Liquor Store, 218 North Main Street for the fourth quarter of 1952 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Peccole moved the application of W.L. Holst Jr. to license one slot machine
at the Lucky Spot, 117 South 2nd Street for the fourth quarter of 1952 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.