159

MINUTES

SOLICITOR'S LICENSE
A1 Rogers

TAXI APPLICATION
Union Cab Company

TAXICaB stands

ANGLE PARKING

petition for Vacation

OF STReeT
Fairfield Avenue

USE OF AUDITORIUM
Boy Scouts



Las Vegas, Nevada
SEPTEMBER 24, 1952

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this

24th day of September, 1952 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor

C.D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett
Commissioner Reed Whipple

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
Asst City Mgr. Dora Lord
City Clerk Shirley Ballinger

Absent: Commissioner William Peccole
City Manager C.W. Shelley

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of September 3 and 17, 1952 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Jarrett passes his vote. Absent:
Commissioner Peccole.

Mr. Al Rogers, representative for the distribution of Knapp shoes appeared before the Board
at this time, requesting that the Solicitor's license Fee be reduced in order that he can do bus
ness in the City. Mr. Rogers explained that he is a permanent resident, and the fee required,
under this ordinance is excessive.

Discussion was held on the matter, but no action was taken on Mr. Roger's request to reduce the
fee.

Mr. Joe Hufford, representing Mrs. Keckler, application for two taxi cab licenses for the
Union Cab Company was present at this time. Mr. Hufford explained to the Board what had
transpired since the former lessees, Jay Brewer and C.A. Christmas had defaulted on their
lease with C.W. Lane for the operation of the Union Cab Company.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Celia May Keckler, administrator
for the Estate of C.W. Lane DBA Union Cab Co. for license for two taxi cabs for the 4th
quarter of 1952 be approved, subject to the filing of the required Insurance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes none. Absent Commissioner Peccole.

Discussion was held at this time relative to the stand used by Union Cab Co. located by the
Pioneer Club, on the corner of South 13t and Fremont. Mr. John McNamee, representative for
Tanner Motor Tours explained that this stand had been taken away from Tanner Motors and re-
quested that they be issued the stand when allocated.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that stand Location No. 6 be withdrawn from the list of
Stands the City has allocated as taxi stands and the matter be tabled until the situation is
cleared up as to the person entitled to the stand and the investigation the Commission is going
to have with reference to taxi stands. Further that this order become effective as of October
1, 1952.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple and Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Peccole
Absent.



Mr. Dave Sirotta appeared before the Board and presented pledges of various business men
in town for the installation of angle parking on 1st and 2nd streets between Fremont and
Stewart.

Mr. Fred Soly stated that the pledges made to Mr. Sirotta were to be withdrawn in lieu of a
more recent proposition sponsored by the Chamber of Commerce.

City Attorney Howard Cannon explained what steps the City could legaly take toward this improve
ment.

Thereafter Richard Ronzone,Cyril Wengert, Fred Soly and W.e. Ferron spoke on behalf of the
Resolution of the Chamber of Commerce.

Commissioners Jarrett, Whipple and the City Manager were appointed to meet with the Chamber
of Commerce representatives and Mr. Sirotta on this matter and report back by October 1,

1952.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the City Engineer be instructed to draw up the,plans, specifications
and estimates of cost on the eight block angle parking project as set forth by the resolution
of the Parking Committee of the Chamber of Commerce as soon as possible and for the committee
to work on. Further the City Manager be authorized to employ additional help for this pro-
ject if it is required.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting ayes; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

The meeting of the above mentioned committee was set for Monday, September 29, 1952 at 8:00 P.M.
with the City Manager and City Engineer to be in attendance.

Commissioner Bunker moved the petition for the vacation of a portion of Fairfield Avenue be
referred to the Regional Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following votes; Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting ayes; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the request of the Boy Scouts for the use of the auditorium free of
charge on October 8, 1952, February 11, April 8 and June 10, 1953 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote Commissioners Bunker,
Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting ayes; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Peccole.