BUILDING HEIGHT LIMITATION Commissioner Bunker asked the Building Department if they were ready to submit a report

on the Building Height limitation.

Discussion was held on this matter and no action taken.

SET PUBLIC HEARING
O.J. Scherer
Rezoning

SET PUBLIC HEARING
L.B. Scherer
Rezoning

BLK 1

Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the application of O.J. Scherer to rezone
from R-3 to M-l of a triangular parcel of land lying within the NW1/4 SE1/4 Section 4, T 21 s,

R 6l E, MDBScM, Located South of New York Avenue between the Truck Highway and west of the
boundary of the Meadows Addition be set for April 15, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission for denial of the application of L.B.
Scherer to rezone Block 4 and 5 of the Boulder Dam Homesites Addn., Tract No. 1 From R-l to
R-2, was presented for consideration. The appeal of Mr. Scherer of the aforementioned
denial was also presented.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the application of L.B. Scherer
to rezone Blocks 4 and 5, Boulder Dam Homesite Addn. Tract No. 1 from R-l to R-2 be set for
April 15, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

At this time the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission denying the application
of property owners for the rezoning of Block 1, BDH ADDITION, Tract No. 1 from R-l to R-2
was considered by the Board. The appeal signed by certain property owners was presented.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the proposed rezoning of Block
1, Boulder Dam Homesite Addn, Tract No. 1 from R-l to R-2, be set for April 15, 1953, at
7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Peccole.

VARIANCE APPLICATION	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Thomas F. Hoban

Thomas F. Hoban	for variance to construct and maintain a two bedroom addition to an apartment building at

1414 South 3rd Street which will extend within five feet of the side property line and five
	feet of the rear property line. Situated at 1414 South 3rd Street between Imperial Avenge

and Utah Avenue on Lot 12, Block 16, Boulder Addition in an R-4 (Apartment Residence) Use
District was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
be accepted with the stipulation that off-street parking be provided and the following resolution
adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 25th day of February, 1953, Thomas F. Hoban filed an application with
the Regional Planning Commission for a variance to construct and maintain a two bedroom
addition to an apartment building at 1414 South third street which will extend within five
feet of the side property, situated at lUlU South 3rd Street between Imperial Avenue and
Utah Avenue on Lot 12, Block 16, Boulder Addition in an R-4 (Apartment Residence) Use District;
and

WHEREAS, on March 12, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on
this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on March 18, 1953,
recommending that such variance be granted.

VARIANCE APPLICATION
G.S. Carroll
Denied by Planning
Commission

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that Thomas F. Hoban be granted a variance to construct and maintain a two bedroom addition
to an apartment building at 1414 South Third Street which will extend within five feet of the
side property line and five feet of the rear property line in an R-4 (Apartment Residence)

Use District, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Mr. G.S. Caroll
to construct and maintain a seven unit apartment house on property located at 133 Chicago Ave.
on Lots 1 and 2, Block 7, Meadows Addition, situated between Fairfield and A Street in an
R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District was considered by the Board at this time.

The Regional Planning Commission recommended the denial of this application of Mr. G.S. Carroll
inasmuch as it was felt that such a use would result in material damage to other properties
in the vicinity and would be detrimental to the Public Welfare.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
to deny this application be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

#390 WHEREAS, on the 2nd day of March, 1953, G.S. Carroll filed an application with the
Regional Planning Commission to construct and maintain a seven unit apartment house on property
located at 133 Chicago Avenue on Lots 1 and 2, Block 7, Meadows Addition. This property is
situated between Fairfield and "A" Street in an R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on March 12, 1953, the Regional Planning Commissi on held a Public hearing on
this application for variance; and

WHEREAS, on March 12, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission voted to deny the application
inasmuch as it was felt that such a use would result in material damage to other properties in
the vicinity and would be detrimental to the public welfare; and