ORDER

A petition, dated the 28th day of August, 1952, signed by three (3)
freeholders residing in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk
of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of certain streets and parts of
streets in H Street and Bonanza Road hereinafter described, and said Petition
having been by Order of this Board referred to the Planning Commission of the
City of Las Vegas for its recommendation in the premises, and said Planning
Commission having filed its report, dated September 11, 1952, with this Board
approving and recommending said vacation;

And this Board, by an order made at its regular meeting held on the 24th day of
September, 1952, set the 5th day of November, 19542, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock
P.M. at the Commissioners' Room of the Board of Commissioners, in the War Memorial
Building, located at the Northwest Corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets, in the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and place for the Public
Hearing on said Petition and recommendation, and Ordered the City Clerk to cause
the aforesaid streets and parts of streets proposed to be vacated to be posted
with a Notice setting forth the time and place of the Public Hearing and the
extent of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the Affidavitt of Charles V. Cudney, filed with the Clerk
of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which notice
is attached to said Affidavit was posted on the 2nd day of October, 1952, in the
manner prescribed by said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the Hearing on said Petition for Vacation and
the recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having
heard evidence in support of and there being no opposition to said Petition and
recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the portions of the
Streets proposed to be vacated are no longer required for the public use and
convenience, that said vacation will inure to the benefit of the City of Las
Vegas, and that neither the Public nor any person will materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portions of streets and alleys
in the area of H Street and Bonanza Road as recorded in Book 1 of Plats, Page 46,
Clark County Records, to-wit:

A portion of the Northeast Quarter (n e 1/4) of the Southeast
Quarter (S E 1/4) of Section 28, T. 20 S.R. 61 E, M D B & M,
more particularly described as follows:

Commencing at a point which is the intersection of the center
line of Bonanza Road (80 feet wide) with the East Line of said
Section 28, said point lying S 88° 35' 30” W a distance of 403.11
feet from the intersection of said center line with the center
line of ”G” Street as shown on Original Plat of Las Vegas Townsite,
on file in Book 1 of Plats, Page 17 B. Clark County, Nevada, records;
Thence N 88° 35' 30" E a distance of 8.11 feet to a point; Thence N
1° 24' 30" W a distance of 40.00 feet to the True Point of Beginning;
Thence, continuing N 1° 24' 30" W, a distance of 55.35 feet to a point
on the East line of said Section 28; Thence S 3° 27' 20" W, along said
Section line a distance of 55.55 feet to a point on the North line of
Bonanza Road (80 feet wide); Thence N 88° 35' 30" E, along the North
line of Bonanza Road, a distance of 4.71 feet to the True Point of
Beginning. comprising 130.35 square feet.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

rezoning.

No objections were voiced or filed.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that Block 7 of Charleston Blvd., be rezoned from R-3 to C-2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Woodbury questioned the Board if their above motion included his request to build the Palm
Funeral Home.

This request had not been discussed by the Regional Planning Commission and was not in their
Minutes.

City Attorney stated that this request had to be presented to the Regional Planning Commission
Health Department and the Fire Chief before this could be brought before the Board.

be and the same are hereby vacated

APPROVED:

C. D. BARER
Mayor

City Clerk

REZ0NIN G
Jerry Woodbury

This being the time set for the Public Hearing on the request for rezoning of Block 7, Charleston
Blvd., from R-3 to C-2, His Honor asked if there was any present who wished to object to this

REZONING
C.E. Ferriel

This being the time set for the Public Hearing on the request for rezoning of Comer of Charleston
Blvd. and Shetland Road from R-A to R-l, His Honor asked if there was any present who wished to
object to this rezoning.