

WHEREAS, the said Board considers it necessary, desirable, and dor the best interests
of the City, to take the steps provided by law for the organization of an assessment district
and the construction therein of said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said Board, by a Resolution duly adopted and approved on the 5th day of November,

1952,ordered the City Engineer to make estimates of the expense thereof, and plats, diagrams
and plans of the work and of the locality to be improved, and to file such estimates, plats,
diagrams and plans with the City Clerk for public examination; and

WHEREAS, said estimates, plats, diagrams and plans were so filed on the 19th day of November,

1952;

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark and
State of Nevada, does hereby declare its determination to make certain public improvements by
paving, curbing and guttering and constructing concrete valley gutters on Oakey Boulevard, to
create a special assessment district therefore, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof
by special assessments made according to frontage against the owners and the assessable lots,
premises and property specially benefited by such improvements and included within said district.

Section 2. That the Board proposes to pave said streets and parts of streets by grading and
constructing thereon an oil bound gravel pavement and by constructing on both sides of said Oakey
Blvd. concrete curbs and gutters and concrete valley gutters wherever said improvements are missing,
including alley approaches, together with such appurtenances as may be required, as more particularly
shown by the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved now on file in the
office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the street which the Board proposes to have improved, wherever said improve-
ments are missing, is the following:

On Oakey Boulevard between Fifth and Tenth Street,
as the same appears upon the records in the office
of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada.

Section 4. That the special assessment district	which it is	proposed to create shall	be

designated Street Improvement Assessment District No.	100-18, and	it	shall include all the	lots,

premises, and property, to the full depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said
Oakey Boulevard.

Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and
locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, on file in her
office for public inspection and examination.

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the City Hall in
said City on Wednesday the 3rd day of December, 1952,	at the hour	of	7:30 o'clock P.M., to

hear and consider any suggestions and objections that	may be made	by	parties in interest to

the proposed improvements, or any matter relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improve-
ments, or any matters relating thereto, may be filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk
at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats,
diagrams, and plans with the City Clerk for examination of the proposed improvements or work,
of the location of the improvements, or the district to be assessed, and of the time when the
Board will meet and consider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest
to the proposed improvements. Said notice shall be given by publication once a week for two
successive weeks in the Las Vegas Morning Sun a daily newspaper published in said City of Las
Vegas, and also by posting said Notice in or near said Post Office of said City and by posting
notices in three public places near the site of said proposed work.

Section 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws,
orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance
shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair
or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation
to the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional
and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of
this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability
and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to
meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it	is	necessary immediately

to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore,	it is hereby	declared that	an	emergency exists, and

that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate	preservation	of the Public	Health, peace and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of	the Board of	Commissioners	of	the City of Las Vegas,

shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Morning Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City,
and this Ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 19th day of November, 1952.

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

SHIRLEY BAlLINGER
City Clerk



BY:_______

Chief Deputy City Clerk