on 16th Street between Marlin and Poplar Streets; and



00 4

	The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission recommending approval of this application.  NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Karl Kaufmann V-91-53, as approved by the City Planning Commission, be and the same is hereby granted, and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none
VARIANCE APPLICATION Harry Short Approved V-92-53	At this time the recommendation of the City Planning Commission approving the application of Harry Short for variance to operate and maintain a Public Accountant office in his residence at 1801 Sweeney Avenue was considered by the Board.  Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be approved and the following resolution adopted:  BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular meeting on the l6th day of December, 1953, having considered the application of Harry Short for a variance to use his residence as an office for a public accountant; and  The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission, recommending approval of this application.  NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Harry Short, V-92-53, as approved by the City Planning Commission, be and the same is hereby granted.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
VARIANCE APPLICATION Vladiner Massovich Approved V-93-53  	At this time the recommendation of the City Planning Commission approving the application of Vladiner Massovich for variance to remodel and maintain a room in an existing carport to within three feet of the side property line at 614 North 10th Street, was considered by the Board.  Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be approved and the following resolution adopted:  BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular meeting on the 16th day of December, 1953, having considered the application of Vladiner Massovich for a variance to remodel and maintain a room in an existing carport to within three feet of the side property line at 614 North 10th Street; and  The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission recommending approval of this application.  NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Vladiner Massovich, V-93-53, as approved by the City Planning Commission, be and the same is hereby granted and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
VARIANCE APPLICATION Richard Gundy Denied V-94-53  	At this time the recommendation of the City Planning Commission denying the application of Richard Gundy for variance to construct and maintain a guest house in an existing garage to within 5 feet of the rear property line at 3601 W Charleston Boulevard was considered by the Board.  Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission that this application be denied, be accepted, and the following resolution adopted:  BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular meeting on the 16th day of December, 1953, having considered the application of Richard Gundy for a variance to construct and maintain a guest house in an existing garage to within 5 feet of the rear property line at 3601 West Charleston Blvd; and  The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission recommending denial of this application.  NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Richard Gundy, V-94-53, be and the same is hereby denied.   Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes none.
VARIANCE APPLICATION  Ruth P. Cristman  V-95-53  	At this time the recommendation of the City Planning Commission approving the application of Ruth P. Cristman for variance to convert an existing two car garage into a two story building consisting of one apartment on each floor with no rear yard set-back in addition to an existing single family residence at 524 North 14th Street was considered by the Board.  Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the application be referred back to the Planning Commission for further study and recommendation.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
REZONING APPLICATION Richard Toleno Z-73-53	At this time the application of Richard Toleno to rezone Lots 1 - 13, inclusive, Block 1,  Lots 16-19, inclusive, Block 2 and Lots 16-19, inclusive, Block 3 of Paradise Park Subdivis ion located between St. Louis and San Francisco Streets was considered by the Board.  Commissioner Whipple moved that a public hearing be set for January 6, 1954 on this application.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
DETECTIVE AGENCY  Jack Barlow	At this time the application of Jack Barlow for license for detective agency was considered by the Board. la-16-53