252

GENERAL ELECTION

See March 3 , 1953
Minutes at end of
March 4.

PROCLAMATION
National Smile Week

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the above mentioned sewer easements be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker and Mayor Baker.

No action was taken on the proclamation of a general election due to the fact that the
necessary information has not been secured to do so.

There being no further business to come before the Board of Commissioners, at this time
the meeting adjourned.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 4, 1953

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners
this 4th day of March, 1953, was called to
Mayor C.D. Baker with the following members

Mayor

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

City Attorney
City Manager
Asst. City Mgr.

City Clerk

Absent: Commissioner

At this time His Honor addressed the public
request of Joe E. Brown that the week commencing
as "National Smile Week."

 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
order at the hour of 7:35 P.M. by His Honor
present:

C.D. Baker
Rex S. Jarrett
Wendell Bunker
William Peccole

Howard W. Cannon
C.W. Shelley
Dora Lord
Shirley Ballinger

Reed Whipple

and the Board stating that pursuant to the
icing March 9th through March 14th be proclaimed

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS



MINUTES



PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning of Biltmore
Addn. Annex No. 3

PUBLIC HEARING

Rezoning of 9th to
14th From Fremont to
Bonneville

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1411 through 1416 inclusive in the
total amount of $37,163.69 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 2385 to 2388 inclusive
in the total amount of $31,846.90 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Peccole moved the Minutes of February 18, and 24, 1953 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the rezoning of the following
described property from R-l and R-3 to C-l said property being described as follows:

Lots 1, 3, 4 and 5, Block 8, Biltmore Annex No. 3.

His Honor stated that this property was generally located at 5th and Stewart Streets, and
asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this proposed rezoning. There
were no objections voiced.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the rezoning of the above described property from R-l and R-3
to C-l, as recommended by the Regional Planning Commission be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the proposed rezoning from
R-l to R-2 and R-3 to R-4 of the property generally located between 9th and 14th Streets
extending south from Fremont to Bonneville Avenue, and being described as follows:

Lots 4 and 5, Block 21; Lot 6, Block 21, Excepting
therefrom from the northerly 50 feet; Lots 9 to 13
inclusive, Block 14, all in Bucks Addition.

Lots 7 to 11, inclusive, Block 10; Lots 1 to 8 inclusive
Block 11; All of Block 2, exception there from the northerly
150 feet; Blocks 3, 4, 5 and Block B all in Ladd’s Addition.

Lots 6 to 15 inclusive and 23 to 32 inclusive, Block 2;

Lots 17 to 32 inclusive, Block 5; Lots 17 to 32 inclusive
Block 13; Lots 1 to 32 inclusive; Block 22; Lots 1 to 8