HIDE PARK TRACT NO. 1
Release of Performance
Bond

BID NO. 53.32 - Award

Motorcycles



REZONING APPLICATION
Anthony Magrini

REZONING APPLICATION
Cunningham Tract

Z-65-53

i

VARIANCE APPLICATION
American Linen
Supply

V-67-53

WHEREAS, on the 28th day of August, 1953 the Southern Nevada Memorial Hospital
filed an application with the City Planning Commission for variance to construct and
maintain an addition to said Hospital within 60 feet of the centerline of Charleston
Boulevard between Shadow and Rose Streets in an R-E Use District; and

WHEREAS, on September 10, 1953 the City Planning Commission held a public
hearing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and
no communications protesting the granting of this variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on September 10, 1953 the City Planning Commission voted to approve
the application inasmuch as it was felt that this use would not prove detrimental to the
surrounding properties; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on September
15, 1953 recommending that such variance be granted; and

WHEREAS,on September 16, 1953 the Board of Commissioners set October 7, 1953
as the time for public hearing on this matter.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED the recommendation of the City Planning Commission
that the Southern Nevada Memorial Hospital be granted a variance to construct and maintain
an addition to said Hospital within 60 feet of the centerline of Charleston Boulevard be
accepted, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp
did not vote for reasons previously stated.

At this time the recommendation of the City Engineer and City Manager regarding the
release of the improvement bond for Hyde Park Tract No. 1 was considered.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation that the St. Paul Mercury Bond No.

986908 in the total amount of $180,000.00, being the improvement bond for Hyde
Park Tract No. 1 be accepted and said bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Not voting, Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the City Managers' office that the
bid of the Willows Cycle Supply for the furnishing of five motorcycles to the Police
Department in the total amount of $6,429.50 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the recommendation of the City Planning Commission on the application of
Anthony Magrini to rezone a portion of the N 1/2 SE 1/4 Sec. 20, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M which is located
west of 5th Street and South of the proposed Washington Avenue from R-l to R-4 was presented
for consideration.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be held in abeyance -until the right-of-way for
Washington Avenue has been secured.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission that the application of the property owners
in the Cunningham Tract for rezoning from R-l to R-2 be denied, was considered at this
time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation for denial be accepted and the following
resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 11th day of September, 1953, Property owners in the Cunningham Tract,
filed an application with the City Planning Commission to rezone this tract which is
located West of "H" Street and South of Madison Avenue, from an R-l (Single Family Residence)
Use District to an R-2 (Two Family Dwelling) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on September 24, 1953, the City Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on
this application for rezoning and voted to recommend denial of this application inasmuch as
this petition was not properly presented and that the streets are to be dedicated and
improved before this petition is to be presented again; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of City Commissioners on October 1,

1953, recommending that such application not be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners that the application
of Property owners in the Cunningham Tract to rezone from R-l to R-2 that property which
is located West of H Street and South of Madison Avenue be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Planning Commission that the appli-
cation of the American Linen Supply Company for variance to construct a two story building
at 1008 South 2nd Street be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 1st day of September, 1953, American Linen Supply filed an application
with the Planning Commission for variance to construct and maintain a two story building
with offices, store room and employees recreation rooms, with provisions for loading and
off street parking, which is located at 1008 Second Street between Coolidge Avenue and
Boulder Avenue in an R-2 (Limited Multiple) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on September 24, 1953, the Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on this
application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications