Nevada

1953

Las Vegas,
March 18,

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners called to order at the hour of
7:45 P.M. by His Honor Mayor C.D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

City Attorney
City Manager
Asst. City Mgr.
City Clerk

C.D. Baker
Wendell Bunker
Rex A. Jarrett
Reed Whipple

Howard W. Cannon
C.W. Shelley
Dora Lord
Shirley Ballinger

Absent: Commissioner

William Peccole

PAYROLL WARRANTS

Commissioner Whipple moved Payroll Warrants Nos. 1417 thru 1422 inclusive in
the net amount of $36,514.39 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Peccole.

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS



Commissioner Bunker moved Service & Material Warrants Nos. 2390 thru 2394 in the total
amount of $33,622.73 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Peccole.

MINUTES	Commissioner Bunker moved the Minutes of March 3, 4, and 6, 1953 be approved by reference

	and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Peccole.

PUBLIC HEARING
Assessment District
No. 100-18

Commissioner Whipple moved the Public Hearing on the Assessment Roll for 100-18
be deferred until April 1, 1953, and the City Clerk directed to give notice when
prepared.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Peccole.

REZONING - R-4 to C-l This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the rezoning of the following
Lots 28 to 32 inc. described property from R-4 to C-l, said property being described as follows:

Block 21, Clarks

Las Vegas Townsite	Lots 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, Block 21, Clarks Las Vegas

Townsite from R-4 (Apartment Residence) Use District
to C-l (Limited Commercial) Use District, located at
the Southwest corner of 3rd & Bridger Streets.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this proposed rezoning.

There were no objections voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be accepted
and the above described property be rezoned from R-4 to C-l.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Peccole.

VACATION	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the vacation of certain portions

Maryland Tract	of Maryland Tract #2, South 11th Street, Bonneville and others listed in the petition filed

#2	January 21, 1953.

Discussion was held with the parties interested in the vacation of these parcels.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that Parcels
1 & 2 described as follows: be approved, be accepted and ordered vacated:

PARCEL 1

The alley extending east in Block 22of the resubdivision of a portion of
Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas, on file in Book 1 of Plats, Page
116, in the office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada, being
directly north of and parallel to the north line of Lots 11, 12, 13 and
14 of said Block 22, resubdivision of a portion of Wardie Addition.