597

USE PERMIT APPLICATION	The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission recommending approval of this application:   NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of LonGene, Inc, V-3-54, be and the same is hereby denied.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.  Commissioner Sharp moved the action of the Board denying the application of Charleston

Charleston Park Mutual Homes Park Mutual Homes, Inc. for a use permit to install a batching plant at Charleston

Inc. 	Park Subdivision be rescinded.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  Commissioner Sharp moved this application of Charleston Park Mutual Homes, Inc. to install a batching plant on Charleston Park Subdivision be approved for a period of 180 days.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following Vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  At the hour of 10:30 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour of 10:55 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.
AUDITOR EMPLOYED Conway, Moe, Hibbs & Funston	Commissioner Whipple moved the City employ Conway, Moe, Hibbs and Funston as the Auditor for the City of Las Vegas for the year 1954 for $4,000.00 to be completed by June 30, 1954.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REDUCTION OF SOLICITORS At this time the Board considered the request of Mrs. Beth Olmsted, solicitor for Scott's

LICENSE FEE Mrs. Beth Olmsted	Studio, for reduction of license fee.  Commissioner Sharp moved the license fee be reduced to $5.00 per quarter.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
LIQUOR APPLICATION Phil's Liquor Store	Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Phil Cummings, Phil's Liquor Store, 521 Carson, for a retail liquor license be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
APPOINTMENT OF GOLF BOARD 	Commissioner Whipple moved the following men be appointed to serve on the Municipal Golf Board subject to their acceptance:  a)	Dr. C. W.Woodbury for a 5 year term.  b)	H.B. Trent for a 4 year Term.  c)	Art Smith for a 3 year term.  d)	/Jim Corey for a 2 year term.  e)	 Knute Kimball for a 1 year term.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
VARIANCE APPLICATION Ruby Ostenson V-6-54  Approved	The application of Ruby Ostenson to construct and maintain a guest house at 820 South 7th Street, as recommended by the Planning Commission, was considered at this time.  Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted, and the following resolution adopted:  BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular meeting on the 17th day of February, 1954, having considered the application of Ruby Ostenson for a variance to construct and maintain a guest house at 820 South 7th Street; and  The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission recom- mending approval of this application.  NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Ruby Ostenson, V-7-54, as approved by the City Planning Commission, be and the same is hereby granted, and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett

VARIANCE APPLICATION John Law V-9-54  Approved	The application of John Law to construct and maintain an apartment at 2223 Marlin Avenue, as recommended by the Planning Commission was considered at this time.  Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and the following resolution adopted:  BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular meeting on the 17th day of February 1954, having considered the application of John Law for a variance to construct and maintain an apartment at 2223 Marlin Avenue; and  The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission recom- mending approval of this application:  NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of John Law, V-9-54, as approved by the City Planning Commission, be and the same is hereby granted, and the inspection departments are hereby authorized to issue the necessary permits.

2-17-54