Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark
County on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County,
acting Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter
the same on the tax roll of said County and to extend the same in a special column for special
assessments on said tax roll, and the County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-Officio City Trea-
surer and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed
to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County taxes
are collected.

Section 16. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when collected, shall
be placed in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-21
Bond Interest and Redemption Fund," and as such shall at all times constitute a sinking fund
for and deemed specially appropriated to the payment of the special assessment improvement bonds
and interest thereon, to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered for the purpose of
paying in part the cost or expense of said improvements; and said fund shall be applied to pay-
ment for the improvements for which said assessments were made, and shall not be used for any
other purpose until said bonds and the interest thereon is fully paid.

Section 17. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved, said Ex-Offi-
cio City Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-Officio City Assessor,
whose name appears on said Assessment Roll, by United States of America Mail, that an assessment
has been levied against said person and the designated property in said Street Improvement Ass-
essment District No. 100-21, and shall state therein when and where said assessment is due and
payable.

Section 18. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this ordinance) here-
tofore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City, directed toward the im-
proving of certain streets and parts of streets by the laying of oil bound gravel pavement (4"

Type 1 Subbase, 4" Type 2 Subbase, Prime Coat 2" A.C. Paving, Seal Coat and Chips) and gravel
surface (4" Type 1 Gravel Subbase and 4" type 2 Gravel Subbase) wherever necessary in Street Im-
provement Assessment District No. 100-21, toward the creation of said District, and toward levy-
ing and effecting special assessments to defray the entire cost thereof, be, and the same is,
hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

Section 19. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, or-
ders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 20. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance
shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair
or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to
the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional
and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of
this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the appli-
cability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

Section 21. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are in-
adequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is
necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared
that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation
of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 22. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately
following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in
said City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publica-
tion hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 27th day of April, 1953

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question being
upon the adoption of said ordinance the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting	"Aye":	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner   William Peccole
Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None. Absent:	None.

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and
adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Peccole and seconded by Commissioner Whipple, that all roles
of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this or-
dinance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby, suspended for the purpose of permitting the
final passage and adoption of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll was
called with the following result:

Those voting	"Aye":	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None. Absent:	None.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the miles suspended.

Commissioner Peccole then moved that said Ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full at
this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion, and the