509

SEWER EASEMENT -
Maryland Tract No. 1



CARNIVAL - Second Baptist
Church

LICENSE ISSUANCE
Condemned Buildings

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEEDS
Clos Road

ITINERANT MERCHANTS
LICENSE

CHARLESTON PARK -
Tract No. 1 & 2
Final Maps

BUILDING PERMIT -
Home - Owner

Mr. Geigley appeared before the Board and requested that this type of parking be allowed.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the recommendation of the City Planning Commission that
the application of Vance A. Geigley for permission to provide angle parking on California
and Second Streets by indenting the curb 7 1/2 feet be denied, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

At this time the easement executed by Murray Wollman et al to the City for a sewer ease-
ment in Maryland Tract No. 1 was presented to the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unani-
mously, the following Resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of October, 1953 by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 28th
day of July, 1953 executed by Murray and Agnes Wollman and Albert & Marian Wollman to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth;
and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of the Second Baptist Church for permission to
hold a carnival on the corner of Washington and F Streets October 24 through 31, 1953
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

At this time the Board considered the following applications for renewal of business
licenses in buildings that have been condemned by the Building Department:

1. Willows Cycle Supply, 10 Ogden, Jack Willows

2. Ethel's Knitting Bar, 122 North 3rd, Ethel Saxon
3. Dr. Walter Fisk, Optometrist, 112 No 3rd

4. Sierra Nevada Hotel, 126 N. 2nd, Alice J. Buntin
(Hotel and Parking Lot)

Commissioner Bunker moved that there be a review of the entire condemnation program and
the Building Inspector be instructed to renotify the owners and licensees of the buildings
that the City expects them to comply by January 1, that there will be no extensions
of time beyond that time; further that the above listed applicants for renewal of license
be approved only until January 1, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.

At this time two deeds for the extension of Clos Road south from Charleston Boulevard
were presented to the Board for acceptance.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unani-
mously, the following Resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of October, 1953, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds dated the 2nd day of
June, 1953, executed by

a)	Desert Sales Corporation by Lee Glenn & Lee J. Glenn

b)	P Peter Clos, Ned T. & Enid S. Ostler, James L. Gordon

G. W. Gotschall, Jim L. & Dorothea Jean Shetakis, Western
Laundry Co., Andrew & Phyliss L. Johnson, and Dan H. &

Alta M. Plunkett.

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time Mr. Jerry Davis appeared before the Board regarding the type of license
issued to the F. Gutcher Piano Company. Mr. Davis related his investigation and stated
that he felt that this Company should be licensed as an itinerant merchant rather than
an established business.

Discussion followed and thereafter Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple were appointed as
a committee to study this matter and make recommendations to the Board as soon as possible.

The final maps for Charleston Park Tract Nos. 1 and 2 were presented for consideration.

Commissioner Whipple moved that said final maps for Charleston Park Tract Nos. 1 and 2
be approved subject to the subdivider entering into an agreement and furnishing a bond
which shall provide performance and protection for material men and contractors.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

At this time the request of a Mr. Terry, who would like to build a home and do the work
himself was presented to the Commission. Mr. Terry explained that he had previously been
issued a "home owner" permit for another house, but since that time he found he needed a
larger home, and would like to receive permission to obtain the necessary building permit.