134

BIDDER	ANNUAL RATE	PREMIUM	NO. OF SETS

OF INTEREST	OF COUPONS

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF NEVADA	4.40$	None	2

TRAILER COURT USE PERMIT Vera Love Public Hearing	Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager and City Attorney for approval and reccommendation.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tern Whipple voting aye; noes, none.  Absent: Mayor Baker.  This being the time set for the public hearing on the appeal of the Use Permit granted Vera Love to operate a trailer park at 1920 Fremont, His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple announced that no action would be taken on this matter since Mrs. Love had withdrawn her application for the Use Permit.  Mr. Truman Hinkle presented a petition from surrounding property owners protesting the operation of a trailer court at this location and asked that it be made a matter of record.  Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the aforementioned petition presented, opposing trailer parks to be filed and made a matter of record.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.  Absent: Mayor Baker.
CHARLESTON VILLAGE REZONING	The public hearing on the rezoning of certain portions of Charleston Village was continued until the next regular meeting August 20, 1952.
BID NO. 52.10 Fence for Cemetery	This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 52.10 for the furnishing of materials and installation of a fence for Woodlawn Cemetery, bids were received from the following firms:  J.A. TIBeRTI CONSTRUCTION CO. $L976.00 SEARS, ROEBUCK & CO. 1543.00  Commissioner Peccole moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Attorney and City Manager for approval and recommendation.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Bid No. 52.11-Street Improve- This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 52.11 for the installation of street improve-
ments, Charleston Boulevard ments on Charleston boulevard intersections, bids were received from the following firms:

Intersections.  	J.M. MURPHY CONSTRUCTION ComPaNY $4,199.64 IDEAL ASPHALT PaVING CO. 7,353.65  Commissioner Peccole moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Attorney and City Manager for approval and recommendation.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.
AGREEMENT-County Fire Protection  	The agreement with Clark County for the furnishing of fire protection in the County, having been approved and signed by the County Commissioners, was ordered filed.
ANGLE PaRKING-Meeting  with County Comissioners	The request from the County Commissioners to meet regarding the five foot cut back on Carson and 3rd Streets to permit angle parking was held in abeyance until August 20, 1952.
CLARK COUNTY HUMaNE SOCIeTY	Commissioners Bunker and Peccole were appointed to meet with the Clark County Humane Society August 11, 1952, regarding their request for a 25 year lease of the animal welfare property.
SIDEWALK PETITION South 11th  	Commissioner Bunker moved the petition from the property owners on South 11th Street requesting that they be allowed to place sidewalks immediately against the curb, be referred to the Regional Planning Commission for recommendation.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.
EMERGENCY LOAN-$25,000 Resolution  	Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution.  RESOLUTION  	  WHeREAS, under date of June 4, 1952 the Board of Commissioners passed a motion declaring that an emergency and great necessity existed requiring a temporary loan for the purpose of meeting such necessity and emergency; and  WHEREAS, pursuant to such motion a notice of the intention of the Board to act thereon was duly published in the Las Vegas, Sun in its issues of June 9,16 and 23, 1952, reciting that at a meeting of the said Board of City Commissioners to be held on the 27th day of June , 1952 at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M. of said day in the Council Chambers in the City Hall in Las Vegas, Nevada, said Board would act upon a resolution reciting the character of the necessity and authorizing a temporary emergency loan in the sum of $25,000.00; and  WHeREaS, said Board of Commissioners did meet at the time and place specified, to-wit; on the 27th day of June, 1952 at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M. on said day in the Council Chambers in the City Hall in Las Vegas, Nevada; and  • WHeREAS, said Board unamimously adopted a resolution reciting the existence of a great emergency and necessity for a temporary loan of $25,000.00 and in which resolution a temporary loan in said amount was unanimously authorized for the purpose of meeting the necessity and emergency existing; and  WHeREaS, pursuant to the resolution last above mentioned, a certified copy thereof was forwarded to the State Board of Finance of the State of Nevada for its approval; and  WHeREaS, at its meeting held July 15, 1952, said State Board of Finance approved the action and resolution of the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, State of Nevada,