ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-19
Public Hearing on
Assessment Roll
NO. 25-1953

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 200-12
Resolution Setting
Date for Public
Hearing on

Assessment Roll

BID NO. 53.19
Coolers for Police
Department

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANT

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any objections, suggestions or comments,
or raise any question concerning said special assessment roll, There were no objections, sugges-
tions or comments voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the hearing on this Assessment Roll No. 24-1953 be recessed until
May 6, 1953, at which meeting the Assessment Roll will be corrected or revised before confirma-
tion to correct typographical or clerical errors and to modify all the assessments if the con-
struction price should prove to be substantially different from the estimated price.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following voter Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to meet and review the assessments and hear any objections to
said assessments which may be made on the proposed improvements in Assessment District No. 100-19,
as shown on Assessment Roll No. 25-1953.

The Mayor then asked if any written objections concerning said assessment roll had been filed in
the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered there had been no objections filed in her
office prior to said meeting.

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any objections, suggestions or comments,
or raise any question concerning said special assessment roll. There were no objections, sug-
gestions or comments voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the hearing on this Assessment Roll No, 25-1953 be recessed until
May 6, 1953, at which meeting the Assessment Roll will be corrected or revised before confirmation
to correct typographical or clerical errors and to modify all the assessments if the construction
price should prove to be substantially different from the estimated price.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following voter Commissioners Bunker*
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution directing that a public hearing on the Assess- 
ment Roll for District No. 200-12 be held May 6, 1953.

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken steps to create cer- 
tain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency Ordinance No. 543, passed, adopted
and approved the 6th day of April, 1953.

WHEREAS, Section 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 543 directs the County Assessor of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
to make an Assessment Roll in accordance with the Charter of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the said Ex-Officio City Assessor has prepared such Assessment Roll in accordance
with said Ordinance and on the 27th day of April, 1953, filed said Assessment Roll with City
Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, all as directed by Section 7 of said Emergency Ordinance No.

543; and

WHEREAS, said roll was numbered by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas as directed by
Section 8 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 543; and

WHEREAS, the time has arrived to direct the notice of Special Assessment to be published
as required by Section 67 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, at 
a special meeting thereof held on the 27th day of April, 1953, that the City Clerk and Clerk of
the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby directed to publish notice of the time and place
when and where the Board and the County Assessor and Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to con-
sider objections to said special assessment roll and to review said assessments.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall be published once a week
for two successive weeks, to-wit on April 28, 1953 and May 5, 1953, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.	

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 27th day of April, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following voter Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the bid of A.R. Ruppert for the installation of coolers in the
Police Department, the same being Bid No, 53.19 opened on April 20, 1953, be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the City Manager be authorized to install coolers in the Police De-
partment on forced-account.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrant No. 2407 in the total amount of
$727.22 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	none.