171

MADSEN MANOR
Final Map



SUNNYSIDE ADDITION
Tract No. 1
Final Map

PARADISE V.Tract No. 4
Final Map

South 5th Place
Right-of-Way

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

t

INSURANCE ON CITY
VEHICLES

SIGN VIOLATION
MacDonald Hotel

PAYROLL WARRANTS

service & Material

WARRANTS 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners

Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Peccole.

Commissioner Bunker moved that action on the final map of Madsen Manor be deferred until
the same has been checked and approved by the City Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner
Peccole.

Commissioner Bunker moved the final map of Sunnyside Addition Tract No. 1 be approved
subject to the proper authorities acquiring the right-of-way across the Southern
Nevada Power Company property and the nameing of the streets and the proper designating
of utility easements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner
Peccole.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Paradise Village Tract No. 4 be approved
subject to the signing of the agreement by the subdivider.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote} Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett andHis Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner
Peccole.

Discussion was held on the right-of-way on South 5th Place, the same being approx-
imately fifty feet between subdivisions, that has not been acquired by the City.

The City Manager was instructed to handle this matter and inform the abutting property
owners that this right-of-way would be accepted if they would install the necessary
improvements.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2318 to 2324 inclusive
in the total amount of $52,769.80 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote}Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner
Peccole.

Discussion was held on insurance requirements on City operated vehicles. It was decided
to turn this matter over to the insurance committee for investigation and recommendation.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the MacDonald Hotel sign be declared a nuisance and the
City Attorney be instructed to serve  notice that the sign is to be removed and placed
on property according to ordinance forthwith.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner
Peccole.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner
Jarrett moved the meeting recess until October 6, 1952 at 8:30 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote;ommissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner
Peccole.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 6, 1952

(Coupon Form)

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City Las Vegas
held this 6th day of October, 1952, was called to order by His Honor Mayor C.D. Baker
at the hour of 8:45 A.M. with the following members present:

Mayor C.D. Baker
Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett
Commissioner Reed Whipple

City Manager C.W. Shelley
Asst. City Mgr. Dora Lord
City Clerk Shirley Ballinger

ABSENT:Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner William Peccole
City Attorney Howard Cannon

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1347 to 1352 inclusive in the 
net amount of $34,639.84 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote Commissioners
Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioners Bunker and
Peccole.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrant no. 2326 in the total
amount of $5,231.88 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.