



Ordinance No. One



An Ordinance fixing the Licenses on Divers Businesses and Occupations pursued in Las Vegas
"The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain"

Section 1. That each and every person, firm or corporation who shall engage on or follow any



of the herein after mentioned business, callings avocations or occupations in the City of Las Vegas, shall
as condition precedent to the doing of any business or pursuing such calling, avocation
occupation or business, pay to the City treasurer as a license fee for such privilege the amount
set immediately following the designation of the various business, occupations avocations
and calling s hereinafter set forth, and such sum of	shall be paid quarterly in advance

and for the purpose of the collection and payment of such license and tax each year is divided
into four quarters, the first quarter beginning January first the second quarter beginning
April first, the third quarter beginning July 1st, the fourth quarter beginning October the
first, and each of such quarters years shall expire on the day preceding the beginning of the
next following quarter year, and no license shall be issued or granted for a less period of time
than one, year, and all licenses shall expire on the last day of the quarter wherein they are
issued.

Section 2, The occupations, avocations, callings ad businesses hereby taxed and licensed
and the rates of licenses and taxation are as follows, viz.

For each and every grocery store, $5.00 per quarter.

For each general merchandise and gents furnishing store $5.00.
For each second hand store $5.00
For each Hotel $5.00 per quarter

For each Jewelary store and watch reparing establishment $3.25 per quarter.

For each rooming house, capable of entering four or more guests, $2.50 per quarter
For each restaurant $2.50. per quarter.

For each confectionery store or cigar store and confectionery store $3.25 per quarter.
For each steam or power laundry $5.00 per quarter
For each livery stable $5.00 per quarter.

For each lumber yard $5.00 per quarter

For each dealer or firm of dealers in real estate, $5.00 per quarter.

For each butcher shop or meat market $.5.00 per quarter
For each shoemaker or cobbler shop $2.50 per quarter
For each delar in wood or fuel, $3.25 per quarter
For each drug store $5.00 per quarter.

For each plumber or plumbing shop, $5.00 per quarter.

For each tin- shop, operating as a separate enterprise, $5.00 per quarter.

For each paint store $3.25 per quarter.

For each general repair shop, $5.00 per quarter.

For each newspaper and job printing establishment, $5.00 per quarter.
For each dealer in Ice, $10.00 per quarter.

For each insurance agent and solicitor , $5.00 per quarter.

For each Surveyor, assyer or civil engineer, $5.00 per quarter.

For each shooting gallery , $5.00 per quarter.

For each Bakery , $5.00 per quarter.

For each Ice cream parlor, $3.25 per quarter.

For each Barber shop, $7.50 per quarter.

For each photographer, $3-25 Per quarter.
For each Blacksmith shop, $3.23 per quarter.

For each tailor and cleaning shop. $3.23 per quarter.

For each millinery establishment, $3.23 per quarter.

For each Banker or broker, $7.30 per quarter.

For each manufacturing of soda water, $3.00 per quarter.



For each patenet medicine agency , $3.00 per quarter.

For each wholesale liquor house , $10.00 per quarter.

For each dray and express wagon, $3.00 per quarter.

For each Building and loan association or agent thereof. , $10.00 per quarter.
For each fruit and lemonade stand, $3.23 per quarter.

For each boot and shoe store, $3.23 per quarter.

For each undertaking establishment, $7.30 per quarter.

For each theater or moving picture show, $7.30 per quarter.

For each boot- black stand occupying street or sidewalk space, $2.50 per quarter.

For each trade or $$$$$ing merchandise paying slot machine, $15.00 per quarter.

For each pleasure resort or swimming -pool, $3.00 per quarter.



For each lawyer or firm of lawyers, $3.00 per quarter.

For each firm or firm of doctors, $3.00 per quarter.

For each dentist or firm of dentists, $3.00 per quarter
For each electrician , $3.23 per quarter.

Sec. 3, Every person or firm of persons whos shall engage in or allow any of the above
mentioned businesses, avocations, callings or occupations within the City of Las Vegas, without
first having procured and obtained from said City, the license so to do, shall be fined in the
sum of not exceeding Fifty Dollars, and shall be imprisoned in the City Jail one day for each
two dollars of such fine, untill such fine be paid, and the judge of the Municipal Court of
the City of Las Vegas shall have jurisdiction of all acts and proceedings for the violation
hereof, The necessity appearing and it being duly moved and seconded and voted unanimously
by all the Board present this ordinance was introduced and passed as an emergency ordinance.

The for going ordinance was read in full to the Board, After due consideration by the
Board it was on motion of Commissioners Coughlin seconded by Commissioner McGovern and duly
carried ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read and the Clerk instructed to
have the same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as Follows, Von Tobel Mayor
pro tem aye, Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern, aye,	Signed Ed  Von Tobel Mayor protem

Attest: Harley A. Harmon Clerk.

 Affidavite of Publication	

Chas, C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is a Citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years, that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 1, of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached
is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper for one week issue on the following
dates to-wit:- July 13th, 1911,	Signed Chas, C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me his 18th, day of July A.D. 1911.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon , City Clerk.
Ordinance No. 2,

An ordinance Fixing a license to be paid to the City of Las Vegas for the Privilege of owning
and operating, bowling alleys, Billiards and Pool Tables.

" The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain".,

Sect:-l. That each and every bowling alley owned or operated in said City of Las Vegas shall
first pay or cause to be paid to the said City a license fee of five dollars per quarter year fo
so doing.

Sec. 2,	 Each and every pool table and billiard table owned, operated for pay or profit in

such City, shall pay a license fee of two dollars and fifty cents per quarter year for so doing .

Any person , firm, or corporation who shall own or operate in the said City of Las v
Vegas, any such bowling alley or billiard or pool table without first paying such license fee
above provided for, shall be fined in any sum less than one hundred dollars and the Judge of the
Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas shall have jurisdiction of all cases brought to enforce
this ordinance. The necessity appearing and it being duly moved and seconded and voted unanimously
by all members present this ordinance was introduced and passed as an emergency ordinance.

The foregoing was read in full to the Board, After due consideration it was on
motion of Commissioner Stewart, seconded by Commissioner Coughlin and duly carried, ordered
that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read, and the Clerk instructed to have the same
published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows, Von Tobel Mayor protem, aye,
Coughlin, aye;, Stewart;, ye, McGovern, aye;.	Signed,  Ed Von Tobel, Mayor pro tem.

: Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

An Ordinance providing for the licensing of Saloons, Barrooms and places where intoxicat-
ing Liquors are Sold.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain

Each and every saloon, barroom or place here malt, spirituous, vinous or intoxicating
liquors are sold or dispensed in quantities less than five gallons shall before engaging in such
business pay to the City treasurer of Las Vegas, a license of thirty dollars for each and very period
of three months or portion thereof which such business is conducted. Such license shall be
due and payable and paid on the first days of January, April, July, and October, each year
for the period of three months or quarter year immediately following and such license shall
expire on the last days of March, June, September, and December, respectively, immediately
following its date of issuance, No. license shall be issued for a less period of time than the
quarter wherein such license is paid. And any person who shall engage in any such business or
who shall sell or give away any such malt, spirituous, vinous or intoxicating liquors without
first having procured the issuance to him, her or them the license above mentioned, shall be
fined in any sum not less than three hundred dollars as the judge of the Municipal Court of the

City of Las Vegas may adjudge and be imprisoned in the City Jail of said City untill such fine

Ordinance No. 3,

Affidavite of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill , being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of he united
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
and that the ordinance No. 2, of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached is a true and
correct copy, was published in said paper for one issue on the following , dates, to-wit:- 
July 15th, 1911.	Chas C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this , 18th, day of July A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.
paid, computing one days imprisonment as equivalent to the payment of $2.00 of such fine, The necessity
appearing before the Beard upon motion duly made and carried unanimously this ordinance was passed
as an emergency ordinance.	The foregoing was read in full to the Board After due 

consideration by the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Coughlin, seconded by Commissioner McGovern
and duly carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read and the Clerk instructed
to have the same published as by law provided, The vote being cast as follows: von Tobel. Mayor
pro tem, aye, Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern, aye, Signed Ed Von Tobel, Mayor pro tem, ay
Attest Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Affidavite of Publication.

Chas C. CorKhill being first duly sworn, deposes as says: that he is A citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Nevada Clark County, and the
that the Ordinance No. 3, of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached is a true and correct
copy, was published on the following dates to-wit:- July 15th, 1911. Chas C. CorKhill.

(SEAL)  Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th, day of July A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 4,

An Ordinance Providing for the licences of telephones, telegraph, and Electric light Companies
" The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain.

Each and every Telephone Company, telegraph company and electric light Company doing business



in the City of Las Vegas, shall as a condition precedent to the doing of any such business pay to the 
treasurer of said City the sum of ten dollars on the first day of January, April, July, and October
as a license fee for the doing of such business for the quarter year next immediately following
suc payment; provided that no license shall be issued for a period of time less than a quarter year
expiring on the last day of March, June, September, and December,	And any person , firm or

corporation violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be subject to am penalty of
not more than three hundred dollars to be recovered in an appropriate action before the Judge of the
Municipal Court of the City of Las vegas. The necessity appearing it was voted unanimously by all
members that this ordinance be passed as an emergency ordinance. The foregoing was read in full
to the Board, After due consideration by the Beard it was upon motion of Commissioner Stewart
seconded by Commissioner Coughlin, and duly carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted
as read and the Clerk instructed to have the same published as by law provided. The vote being
cast as follows:	Von Tobel, Mayor pro tem, aye; Coughlin, aye; Stewart, aye; McGovern, aye;

Attest . Harley A Harmon. Clerk.	Ed Von Tobel Mayor pro tem,

Affidavite of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; That he is a citizen of the United

States, over the age, of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a

weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada



and that the ordinance No. 4, of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached is a true and correct copy
was published in said p per for one issue, on the following dates, to-wit:- July 15th. 1911.

Chas C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th, day of July A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

July 5th, 1911
Ordinance No. 5.

An ordinance to prohibit stock running at large.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Sec.1 It shall be unlawful to allow or permit any meat cattle, horses, mules, donkeys ,
burrows, sheep, goats, geese, ducks, turkeys or hens or chickens, to run at large within the limits
of the City of Las Vegas,

Sec. 2, Any stock or fowls found running at large in said City shall be taken unto the custody
of the Chief of Police and when so taken up shall be kept, fed and cared for at the expence of the
owner, and such owner shall before taking the same away, pay the said officer the reasonable
charges for keeping, caring for and feeding such impounded animals and stock or poultry, and the
further sum of one dollar per head for taking the same in charge.

Sec. 3, The Chief of Police having in charge after they have been impounded any stock or

poultry which has been found running at large in said City, shall within twenty-four hours after



taking up and impounding the same, post in three pubic  and conspicuous places, notices describing such animals or
poultry, giving marks and brands, if any there be, and stating that such stock or poultry so described
is in his custody and charge, and if not taken out by the owner or owners or agent for such owner
or other person having charge there of by paying the charges thereon, will be sold at public auction
at the front door of the City Jail in said City to the highest bidder and such notices shall be posted
at least ten days prior to such sale. And out of the proceeds of such sale, the said officer shall
deduct the cost of impounding and keeping said stock and poultry together with all accuring costs
and charges, and pay the remainder if any into the treasurer of the said City of Las Vegas. The necessity
appearing it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that this ordinance be passed as an
emergency ordinance.

The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board. After due consideration by the Board
it was, upon motion of Commissioner McGovern, seconded by Commissioner Coughlin and duly carried
ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read, and the Clerk instructed to have the
same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows:- Ed. Von Tobel, Mayor pro tem
aye, Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern, aye,

Attest Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.	Signed Ed. Von. Tobel, Mayor pro tem.

Affidavite of Publication
Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
State, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that
the ordinance No. 5, of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached is a true and correct copy
was published in said paper for one issue on the following dates to-wit:- July 15th, 1911.

Chas. C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th, day of July A.D. 1911. Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.
(SEAL)
Ordinance No. 6,

An ordinance to prohibit the use of profane, Vile or obscene Language on the streets or
other Public Places in Las Vegas.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain.

1. The use of profane or obscene language or words upon the Public streets alleys or
highways of the City of Las Vegas is hereby prohibited.

Sec. 2, Immodest, improper, or indecent behavior upon any of public streets or highway, or
in any store, hotel, saloon, or other public place within said City of Las Vegas, is hereby prohibited.

Sec. 3, Any person violating either of the loregoing sections of this ordinance shall be pun-
ished by a fine not exceeding three hundred ($300.00) dollars or imprisonment not more than one
hundred and fifty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment The necessity appearing and it being
duly moved and seconded, and voted unanimously this ordinance was introduced and passed as an
emergency ordinance. The foregoing was read in full to the Board. After due consideration by the
Board, it, was, upon motion of Commissioner McGovern, seconded by Commissioner Stewart and duly
carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read and the Clerk instructed to have
the same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Von Tobel Mayor protem
aye, Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern, aye, .

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.	Signed Ed. Von. Tobel. Mayor protem

Affidavite of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United States
over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Nevada, Clark County, Nevada,
and that the ordinance No. 6, of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true copy, was
published in said paper for one issue, on the following dates towit:- July 13th, A.D. 1911.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th, day of July A.D. 1911. Signed Chas. C. Corkhill

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 7,

Am ordinance for the prevention of Nuisances.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain.

Sec. 1 It shall be unlawful for any person or persons to maintain a nuisance within
the limits of said City.

Sec. 2. A nuisance within the meaning of this ordinance is hereby defined as follows
towit, A. Any manure pile, offal, hog pen, carcass, or dead animal remaining unremoved beyond
the limits of said City for more than twelve hours after death of such animal, any decayed meat,
fruit or vegetables.

B, Any cesspool, privy, water closet or any other receptacle whatsover for human
excrement which is in overflowing foul or filthy condition, or any foul or filthy drain or sewer
pipe.	C, Every act or thing done or every condition created, committed or allowed or any

property that is detrimental to the public health, safety, morals or convenience.

Sec. 3, Any person whether owner or occupant or the agent of any owner or occupant
or any corporation or officer, agent or servant of such corporation that shall create, maintain
allow or permit upon the property, any nuisance enumerated in sub-sections A, B, and C, of Section
1 of this ordinance, shall be punished by a fine not exceeding three hundred ($300.00) Dollars

or by imprisonment not exceeding one hundred and fifty days or by both such fine and imprisonment



Sec. 3. It is hereby made the duty of the Chief of  Police of said City of Las Vegas to
notify in writing any person whether owner, occupant or agent of any such owner or occupant and the
agents, servants and officers of any corporations which may be the owners or occupants of such
property forthwith to abate such nuisance within forty eight hours after being served with such
notice and in event of a failure so to do, such property so served with such notice becomes and
is guilty of a violation of this ordinance and shall be fined in any sum not exceeding Three
hundred dollars or imprisonment for any term not exceeding one hundred and fifty days or by both
such fine and imprisonment. Each day that any such nuisance is permitted, suffered or maintained
after notice to abate the same as provided in this ordinance shall and does constitute an
additional offence, provided that the Chief of Police may provide to abate such nuisance at any

time after the expiration of the period of notice above provided for and the costs of such
abatement shall be a charge gainst the person owning or occupying the premises where such nuis-
ance is maintained, to be recovered by action brought therefore in any Court of competent
jurisdiction. It necessary appearing and it being duly moved and seconded unanimously by all
of the Board present this ordinance was passed as an emergency ordinance. The foregoing was read
in full to the Board. After due consideration upon the part of the Board, it was upon motion of
Commissioner McGovern and seconded by Stewart, and duly carried ordered that the forgoing ordinance
be adopted as read , and the clerk is hereby instructed to have the same published as by law
provided, the vote being cast as follows; Von Tobel, Mayor pro tem, aye, Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye,
McGovern, aye,

Attest: Harley A. Harmon	Ed. Von Tobel. Mayor pro tem.

Affidavite of Publication.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 7, of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true
copy, was published in said paper for one issue, on the following dates towit:-
(SEAL)	Signed Chas, C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th, day of July. A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 8,

An ordinance to prohibit Gross Intoxication in public places in the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada.

The Board of commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Gross intoxication upon the public streets, or in hotels, saloons, stores or other public

Places in said City of Las Vegas is hereby prohibited and any person found upon any public street

in said City or in any public place therein in a state of gross intoxication shall be guilty of



a violation of this ordinance, and upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by a fine not exceeding

one hundred ($100.00) dollars, or by imprisonment not exceeding six months or by both such fine

and imprisonment: and in case of default in the payment of any fine imposed for a violation of this

ordinance it is hereby provided that the person upon whom such fine shall be imposed shall be

imprisoned for one day for each two	($2.00) Dollars of such fine provided further that any person



imprisoned for a violation of the provisions of this ordinance may be compled to work upon any
public work in said City and whenever advisable a chain gang may be formed and worked. It necess-
ary appearing and it being duly moved and duly carried unanimously carried by all present that

this ordinance be an emergency ordinance. The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the
Board. After due consideration by the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Stewart, seconded
by Commissioner McGovern and duly carried ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read
and the Clerk instructed to have the same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as
follows towit:- Von Tobel,	Mayor protem, aye, Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern, aye,

Attest Harley A. Harmon Clerk.	Ed Von Tobel, Mayor protein.

Affiaavite of Publication.

Chas. C. Corkhill being first duly sworn, deposes ana says: that he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years, that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, and that the ordinance No. 8, of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true
and. correct copy, was published in said paper for one issue, on the following dates towit
July 15th, 1911.	Chas C. Corkhill.

(Seal) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th, day of July A.D. 1911

Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Ordinance No. 9,

An ordinance to provide for the ringing of a curfew Bell.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain.:

It is hereby made the duty of the Chief of Police tp provide that a curfew bell shall be

rung at 9:00 O'clock P.M. between June 1st, and September 1st, of each year, and at 8:00 o'clock P.M. each and every day of the year other than those above mentioned, and

upon the ringing thereof all children under the age of sixteen years shall be and remain off from

the public streets of said City. The necessity appearing and it being duly moved and seconded and

voted unanimously by all members present this ordinance was passed as an emergency ordinance.

The foregoing ordinance was read in full before the Board. After due consideration by the

Board it was upon motion of Commissioner McGovern, seconded by Commissioner Coughlin and duly

carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read, and the Clerk instructed to

have the same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows: von Tobel, Mayor

protem, aye, Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern aye,

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.	Signed Ed. Von. Tobel. Mayor protem.

Affidavite of Publication.

Chas c. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the

United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he the publisher of the Clark County Review,
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Nevada Clark County
and that the ordinance No. 9, of the City if Las Vegas of which the attached is a true copy, was
published in said paper for one issue, on the following dates towit:- July 15th, 1911.

(SEAL)	Chas C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th, day of July A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk :
Ordinance No. 10

An Ordinance Defining Vagrancy and Providing Penalties for Vagrancy.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

#1. That every idle and dissolute person with out visible or known means of living
who has the physical ability to work, and who does not for the space of five days use
due diligence to seek employment, nor labor when employment is offered him, also every
idle or dissolute person who roams about the Country from place to place with out any lawful
business: also every healthy begger who solicits alms as a business; also every person who makes
a practice of going from house to house begging food, money or other articles, or seeks admission



to such houses on frivolous pretexes for no other apparent motive than to see who may be
therein, or to gain an insight of the premises; also every idle, or dissolute person or
associate of known thieves who wanders about the streets at late and unusual hours of the
night, or prowels around dark alleys, by-ways, and other dark and unfrequented places at any
hour of the night without any legitimate business in so doing; also every idle or dissolute who
person who lodges in any barn, shop, shed, outhouse, or place other than that kept for lodging purposes,
without the permission of the owner or person entitled to the possesion thereof; also every
lewd or dissolute male person who lives in or about any house of prostitution or ill-

fame; also every lewd and dissolute female person known as a street walker or common prost-
itute, who shall upon the public streets, or in or about any public or general resort for men,
or in any saloon, barroom, or other place, within the sight or hearing of ladies or children, con-
duct and behave herself in an immodest, drunken, indecent profane or obscene manner, either by
action, language or improper exposure of her person; every common drunkard who is in the
habit of lying around the streets, alleys, saloons, barroom, or other public places in a state
of intoxication; also every boy or male person under the age of 21 years who habitually remains
away from his home or place of residence after the hours of nine o'clock P.M. without some lawful
and necessary business or other imperative duty, of other good and sufficient reason or excuse for such
absence from home after such hour, for his own amusement or pleasure, without any legitimate
reason for so doing, frequents and passes his time in pool-rooms, billiard halls, card
rooms, bowling alleys,or saloons, or barrooms, or who without legitimate reason therefor,

	

frequents or loiters around or about any den, house, other place of vice, infamy or immorality, where
thieves or other persons of ill-repute are known to congregate; or who at any hour of the
night prowls about the town and disturbs the peace and quite of the neighborhood by loud or
unnecessary noise, or committing petty depredations, tricks or pranks, upon the person or
property of other people; or by abusive, obscene or insulating language or by any act of rowdyism
whatever shall disturb or annoy any passer-by, any lawful assemblage or person, or the
neighborhood, is a vagrant and guilty of vagrancy and shall upon conviction thereof be

punished accordingly.

#2. Each and very person convicted under the provisions of this ordinance shall be

punished by imprisonment in the City Jail for any period of time not exceeding  sixty days

	

#3. All male persons having physical ability to do so when convicted of violation of this

ordinance, may be required to work upon the streets, public works, buildings and grounds,

of the said City of Las Vegas, or of the buildings and grounds of Clark County, which may be

located within the said City, and the Chief Police, sheriff, or other person having such person in

charge while performing such work may employe any reasonable, humane, and efficient means to

prevent such prisoner form escaping from custody while being so employed.

#4. For each and every days work done by any person he shall receive credit of two

days time which shall be credited upon and deducted from his term of imprisonment

#5. If any imprisoned vagrant convicted under this ordinance shall refuse to work,

having physical ability so to do when required to so work as in this ordinance so provided,
may as a punishement, be compelled to "pack sand" or carry other material from place to place, or
to perform other labor not unreasonable, inhuman or to burdensome, untill he declares himself
 willing to work and does work as required; or in lieu thereof he may, in the discretion

	

of the chief police be confined in a cell and be fed upon no other food except bread and water
until he declare himself ready to work; both methods of punishment for refusing to work shall in
no case be inflicted upon the same person at the same time. In either case of punishment for

refusing to work as required, such person shall have no credit upon his term of work or imprisonment
for such forced labor or solitary confinement.

#6. It shall be the duty of the chief police during fair and reasonable weather, when the
same can be done without extra expence to the City, to procure employment for and set at work
such convicted vagrant who are confined and serving out their term of imprisonment, and to this

end upon the application of the Commissioner of said City having charge and supervision of the	^

streets and alleys therein, and of the public property therein, or upon request of the Sheriff of	j

Clark County he shall deliver into the custody and charge of such person so making such application
 or request, and such prisoner as he may nave in his custody, and any such prisoner shall

be returned by the person so receiving him in custody to the City jail or other place of detention 
to the police or other officer in charge thereof before the hour of 6 o'clock P.M. for safe

keeping until again required for labor.

#7. But persons having such prisoners in charge during the time they are so employed on any public work in the city shall receive no extra compensation by 

reason of any work or services rendered or accomplished by such prisoners.

#8. Whereas in as much as their is no ordinance of said City defining and providing for 
the punishment of vagrants, an emergency is declared to exsit, and this ordinance shall take
effect and be in force from and after its passage by the City Commission and approval by the Mayor.

The vote being cast as follows to wit: Coughlin aye, Von Tobel, aye, McGovern aye,

Stewart aye, his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye.

Dated this 6th, day of September, 1911.

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas C.  Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is citizen of
the United States, over the age of eighteen years of age; that he is the publisher of the Clark
County Review, a weekly newspaper published and printed of general circulation at Las Vegas
Clark County Nevada, and that the ordinance No. 10. of which the attached is a true and correct
copy was published in said paper for a period of one issue on the 9th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Chas C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 11.

An ordinance defining and prohibiting petty larceny.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

1.	Every person who shall feloniously take, and carry, lead or drive away the personal

goods or property of another, under the value of fifty dollars shall be deemed guilty of petty larceny and
upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by imprisonment in the City Jail of the City of Las Vegas

for any time not exceeding one hundred days, or by fine not exceeding two hundred and fifty
dollars.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval
Upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Coughlin, it was unanimously voted by the

entire Board that this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows to wit-:
Coughlin, aye, Von Tobel, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, His honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye,
Dated the 6th, day of September A.D. 1911.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor

Attest :- Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Affidavit  of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill being first duly sworn, deposes and says that he is a citizen over the age

of eighteen years of age; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review a weekly newspaper



of general circulation published and printed at Las Vegas, Clark county Nevada. And that the
Ordinance No. 11 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached is a true and correct
copy, was published in said paper for one issue, on the following dates September 9th, A.D. 1911.

Chas C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 12.



An ordinance providing for the Collection of a dog license or tax.

The City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

1. That from and after the first day of October, 1911, there be and is hereby levied,
upon and against each and every dog, now in or which may hereafter comes into the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, the following sum of money as license fees or taxes, viz:

For each male dog, two dollars.

For each female dog five dollars.

Which said sum of money must be paid annually on the first day of October of each and every

year, for each dog coming or brought into the said City after the days fixed for the payment and
collection of such license fee and tax, there shall be collected proportionate portion of such
license for the portion of the year remaining.

2.	That it is hereby made the duty of every person owning or keeping, entertaining or

harboring any dog or owning, or keeping the premises whereon any dog makes its home or place of
residence to call upon and pay the City Clerk and ex-officio license Collector of said City,
the license and tax hereinbefore provided for and fixed and upon so paying said fee and tax to

the said official, he shall give to the person so paying the same a receipt therefor together with

a metal tag bearing the legand  Dog Tax for--------( the current year) Paid, Las Vegas, Nevada, which

tags shall be consecutively numbered and record thereof kept by the official distributing and

issuing the same. And such tag shall be firmly affixed to a leather or metal collar and constantly
worn by the dog upon which the tax and license has been paid.

3.	Any person who after the first day of October, 1911, shall own keep, entertain, or
harbor any untaxed, dog, or who shall own or keep or occupy the premises whereon or wherein any
untaxed dog shall be maintained or kept, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and fined in any
sum not exceeding the sum of Ten Dollars.

4. On and after the first day of October, 1911, it shall be the duty of the police or the
member of the police force of Las Vegas to shoot, kill, or otherwise destroy any canine which may
be owned, kept, harbored or maintained in Las Vegas, Nevada, and upon which the license and tax for
the current year has been paid which does not wear a collar and tag advertising such fact: and

for each and every animal so killed or destroyed by any such police official, he shall b paid by

said City of Las Vegas, the fee of one dollar in addition to any salary he may at the time of
such killing or destruction he may be receiving and which fee shall cover ail expenses of carrying 
away and disposing of the remains of any such canine or dog.

Upon motion of McGovern seconded by Coughlin unanimously voted by the entire Board that

this Ordinance be adopted as read. Coughlin, aye, Von Tobel, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye,
and his His Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye,

Dated this 6th, day of September A.D. 1911.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor

Attest:-- Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says that he is a citizen of the
United states over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County ,Nevada
and that the ordinance No. 12, of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, of which the attached
is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper for one issue on the September 9th A.D. 1911

Chas C. Corkhill.

(BEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A, Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 13,

Ordinance To amend ordinance No. l, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Being an ordinance entitled "An ordinance fixing the Licenses on Divers Businesses and
Occupations pursued in Las Vegas, Nevada"

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

That section 2, of Ordinance No. 1, of said City of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby
amended by adding thereto the following, viz:

For each dealer in coal oil, gasoline or other derivative or by product of petrolum, $3.25
per quarter.	

For each pawn shop, $5.00 per quarter.	

For each employment agency $7.50 per quarter.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval

Upon motion of  of Stewart, seconded by Coughlin, it was unanimously voted by the entire
Board that this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, the vote being as follows to-wit:- Coughlin,
aye, Von Tobel aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye,

Dated the sixth day of September A.D. 1911.

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says that he is over the age of 18
years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation
 printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada, and the the ordinance No. 13,
of which the attached is a true copy was published & said paper for one issue on the September 9th, A.D. 1911.	Chas C. Corkhill.

Subscribed ad sworn to me before me this 9th day of September A.D. 1911

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance, No. 14,



An ordinance to license shows, circuses, menageries and other exhibitions in the City of
Las Vegas,

The Board of Commissioners' of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

1,	Any proprietor, lessee or manager of any show, menagerie, hippodrome or circus intending
 to exhibit any performance or exhibition in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall pay to the
City Treasurer of said City the sum of twenty five dollars as a license fee for the privilege of
showing and exhibiting such shows, menagerie, hippodrome or circus for one day.

2,	Any person, firm or corporation who shall hold or exhibit any show, menagerie circus 
or hippodrome in the City of Las Vegas without first having paid the license mentioned and
provided for in section 1, hereof, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and be subject to a fine
of not more than three hundred dollars and not less than one hundred dollars and be imprisoned
in the City Hall of said City for any period not exceeding one hundred days.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval

On motion of Stewart, seconded by McGovern, it was unanimously voted that this ordinance
shall be passed as an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows to-wit:- Coughlin, aye
Von Tobel, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye.

Dated this 6th, day of September A.D. 1911.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor.

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill being first duly sworn, deposes and says; that he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years: that he is the publisher of the Clark County,
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and that the ordinance No. 14, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the
attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper for one issue on the 9th, of
September A.D. 1911.

Chas. C. Corkhill.	

(SEAL)

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 15.

An ordinance to prevent the carrying of Concealed weapons in the City of Las Vegas.

The Board of  Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Any person who shall within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, carry concealed upon his or
her person, any revolver, pistol, dagger, dirk or brass or metal knuckles or other weapons
capable of inflicting bodily injury upon the person of any person, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor
, and upon conviction thereof, shall be fined in any sum not exceeding two hundred Dollars
or be imprisoned in the City Jail for any period of time not exceeding one hundred days.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval.
Upon motion of Stewart, seconded by Coughlin, unanimously voted by the entire Board that
this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows: Coughlin aye,

Von Tobel, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart, aye his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye,	

Dated this 6th, day of September A.D. 1911	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor

(SEA) Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas c. Corkhill being first duly sworn deposes and says that he is a citizen over the

age of 18 years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper of

general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that the

Ordinance, No. 15. of which the attached is a true and correct copy was published in said paper



for one issue on the 9th day of September A.D. 1911.	Chas C. Corkhill.

(SEA) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon

City Clerk.
Ordinance No. 16.

An ordinance to preserve the peace and good order of Las Vegas, Nevada.

The Board of Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas, do ordain:

Any person or persons who shall engage in any fight or who shall challenge another
person to fight or who shall use profane, indecent, obscene or inappropriate epithets or language
in addressing any other person or persons in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, or any person who
shall be guilty of any disorderly conduct in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished by fine in any sum not exceeding one hundred dollars
or be imprisoned in the City Jail of said City for any period not exceeding fifty days.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approve
Upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by McGovern  it was unanimously voted by the
entire Board that this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, The vote being cast as follows to-wit:
Coughlin, aye, von Tobel, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, and his honor the Mayor aye.

Dated September 6th, A.D. 1911.	Peter Buol. Mayor

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; That he is a citizen 
of the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County

	

Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark

County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. l6, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the

attached is a true and correct copy was published in said paper on the 9th, day of sept ember 1911.

(SEAL)	Chas. C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th, of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.



Ordinance No. 17.

	An ordinance defining and prohibiting assault and Battery.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain:

1, An assault in an unlawful attempt coupled with the present ability to commit a violent
 injury to the person of another and any person convicted thereof, shall be subject to a 
fine not exceeding one hundred dollars.

2,	Assault and battery is the unlawful beating of another person, and any person convicted

 thereof, shall be fined in any sum not exceeding two hundred and fifty dollars, or imprisonment
 in the City Jail for any period not exceeding ninety days or by both such fine and	

imprisonment.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its approval and

passage.			

Upon motion of von Tobel, and seconded by McGovern, it was unanimously voted by the
	  		   	

entire Board that this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows

Coughlin, aye, Von Tobel, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye,

Dated the 6th, day of September A.D. 1911.

(SEAL) Attest; Harley A. Harmon. Clerk.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.
Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn deposes and says that he is a citizen of the
United States over the age of eighteen years, that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, and that the ordinance No. 17, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached is
a true and correct copy, was published in said paper for one issue on September 9th, A.D. 1911.
(SEAL)	Chas C. Corkhill.

subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 18.

An ordinance to provide for the installation of a sewerage system Las Vegas, Nevada,
and to provide for issuing of bonds of said City of Las Vegas for the purpose of raising money
necessary for such enterprise.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain:

That, whereas, it is the opinion of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, that the sanitary condition of said City present a great and urgent need for the 
establishment of an adequate system of sewerage in said City, and whereas, it is the opinion of the
said Board of Commissioners that $40,000.00 will serve to construct and install a presently adequate
system of sewerage in said City:

Section, 1, Therefore be it ordained by said Board of Commissioners that due notice be
given of an election to be held in said City of Las Vegas which election is hereby called to
beheld in said City on the 10th, day of October, 1911,  and that such election there be submitted
to the electors of said City the question "shall the City of Las Vegas issue Las Vegas Sewerage
bonds in the sum of $40,000.00 for the purpose of installing and establishing an adequate system
of sewerage in said City?" Said bonds to bear interest at the rate of 6 per cent per annum
from the date thereof.

Section 2, That the said City of Las Vegas hereby proposes to build, establish and
install an adequate system of sewerage in said City, and the estimated cost thereof as shown
by the report of the Commissioners heretofore selected and  delegated by said Board of City
Commissioners to ascertain such cost, will be approximately $40,000.00.

Section 3. That it is proposed by the said City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada, 
to incure and create an bonded indebtedness of not to exceed $40,000.00 to provide a fund for
the building, establishment and installation of such adequate system of sewerage, such bonds
to be issued in denomination $1,000.00 each and to bear interest at the rate of 6 per cent per
annum, payable semi-annually and said bonds to be numbered consecutively from No. 1. to 40
inclusive and to become payable as follows to-wit, that is to say, numbers 1 to 4 inclusive to
become due on or before 10 years after date thereof, and numbers 3 to 8 inclusive to become
due 11 years after the date thereof, and numbers 9 to 12 inclusive to become due on or before
12 years after the date thereof, numbers 13 to 16 inclusive to become due on or before 13 years
after the date thereof, numbers 17 to 20 inclusive to become due on or before 14 years after
the date thereof, numbers 21 to 24 inclusive to become due on or before 15 years after the date

thereof, numbers 25 to 28 inclusive thereof to become due on 	or before 16 years after the date

thereof, numbers 29 to 32 inclusive to become due on or before 17 years after the date thereof,

33 to 36 inclusive to become due on or before 18 years after the date thereof, and numbers 37

to 40 inclusive shall become due on or before 19 years after the date thereof,

And each of the said Bonds shall bear upon the face thereof the solemn promise and 
agreement of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to pay to the holder thereof the sum of one thousand
dollars in gold coin of the United States of America of the present standard of weight and
fineness together with interest thereon as herebefore provided.

Such bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the said City and attested and 
countersigned by the City Clerk thereof over the seal of said City and shall have attached and appended
thereto, interest coupons which shall be the promise of said City of Las Vegas to pay the amounts
therein specified in gold coin of the present standard of weight and fineness at the semi-annual
time mentioned.

Section 4, And to the end that such bonds may legally be made, executed and issued
by the said City of Las Vegas, the said City Commissioners thereof does hereby ordain that an
elect ion be and is hereby called to be field in the said City of Las Vegas on the loth, day of
October, 1911. and at such election there shall be submitted to the qualified electors of said
City tide question, shall the City of Las Vegas issue Sewerage Bonds to the sum and extent of
$40,000.00 ?" which question so to be voted upon shall be placed upon the ballot in tide form
provided by paragraph 5 of section 31 of Chapter 132 of the Statutes of Nevada passed at the

session of 1911 and which chapter was approved by the Governor on March 16th, 1911.

Sect ion 5. And be it further ordained: that notice of holding of such election be
given to the public by advertising the holding thereof in the newspapers commonly known and
called the Las Vegas age and the Clark County Review both whereof are published in the City of
Las Vegas, for the period of four weeks and by posting notices thereof in at least three public
Places in said City for at least four weeks prior to the holding of such election, such notice
to be so drawn and drafted that their contents shall advise those who may read them of tide time
Place and purpose of holding the ejection therein specified.

Section 6, And the municipal judge is hereby directed to forthwith open books of
registration and register all electors, competent and qualified to vote at the elect ion by
this ordinance called to be held, and such books of registration are to be kept and held open
by the said municipal judge untill 6:00 o'clock P.M. of the 11th, day next proceeding the day
upon which the elect ion provided for in this ordinance is to be held.

Section 7. And E. Fenner and John W. Tuck and George Swadner are hereby chosen and
designated and appointed by the said Board of City Commissioners to act as inspectors at such
election so called as aforesaid, and they shall, and are hereby authorized to select and appoint
two competent and qualified persons to act as Clerks at such election.

Read the first time September 6th, 1911.

Read the second time September 6th, 1911.

Passed and adopted by the following vote on the question; "Shall the foregoing become
a by-law an ordinance of the City of Las Vegas?" Commissioners Coughlin aye, McGovern aye,

Stewart aye, von Tobel aye, his honor the Mayor aye, and by virtue thereof the said ordinance
- and by law is passed and carried.	Peter Buol Mayor

Alt est:- Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

And Whereas, the said Board of Commissioners by amotion duly made, seconded and carried
unanimously and duly entered

Affidavit of Publication

Chas C. Corkhill. being first duly sworn, deposes and says; that he is a citizen of 
the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 18 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached
is a true copy was published in said paper for one issue, on the following date to wit September
6th, A.D. 1911.	Chas C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th, day of September A.D. 1911

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.
Ordinance No. 19.

An ordinance amending ordinance No. 12. of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An ordinance
providing for the collection of a dog license or Tax"

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

That ordinance No. 12, of the City of Las Vegas, passed on the 6th, day of September 1911.
and entitled. "An ordinance for the collection of a dog license or tax" be and the same is hereby
amended so that the same shall read as follows:

Section. 1, That from and after the first day of October, 1911, thereby and is hereby
levied upon and against each and every dog now in or which may hereafter come into the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, the following sums of money as license fees or taxes viz:

For each male dog, two dollars,

For each female dog, five dollars.

Which said sums of money shall be due and must be paid annually on the first day of
October of each and every year, for each dog coming or brought into the said City after the
day fixed for the payment and collection of such license fee of tax the full annul license or
tax for the current year shall be immediately collected and paid.

Sect. 2, That it is hereby made the duty of every person owning or keeping, entering
or harboring any dog or owning or occupying the premises wherein any dog makes its home or
Place of residence, to call upon and pay to the City Clerk and ex-officio license Collector of
said City the license hereinabove provided for and fixed, and upon so paying said fee or tax

to the said official he shall give to the person so paying the same a receipt therefor together

with a metal tag bearing the legend "Dog Tax for-----(the current year) Paid, Las Vegas, Nevada.

which tag shall be consecutively numbered and record thereof kept by the official distributing
and issuing the same, And such tag shall firmly fixed to a leather ornamental collar and 
constantly worn by the dog upon which the tax or license has been paid.

Section 3, Any person who after the first day of October, 1911 shall own keep, entertain
or harbor any dog upon which the said license fee or tax has not been paid for the current year	

or who shall own, or keep or occupy the premises whereon or wherein any dog pon which the said
license fee or tax has not been paid for the current year shall be maintained or kept, shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and find in any sum not less than five dollars and not 

exceed the sum of ten dollars, for each and every such offence.

Section 4, After the first day of October, 1911, it shall be the duty of the police or
the member of the police force of the City of Las Vegas to immediately shoot, kill, or otherwise
destroy any dog which may be owned, kept, harbored or maintained in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
and upon which the license or tax for the current year has not been paid or which does not wear
a collar and tag advertising the fact of such payment; and for each and every animal so killed

or destroyed by any such police official, he shall be paid by the City of Las Vegas a fee of one

Dollar in addition to any salary he may at the time of such killing or destruction be receiving
and which fee shall cover all expenses of carrying away and disposing of the remains of any such
canine, or dog. This ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and advertisement.

The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board,

After due consideration upon the part of the Board, it was upon motion of Stewart, and

seconded, by von Tobel, and duly carried ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as
read and as an emergency ordinance, and the Clerk instructed to have the same published as by
law provided. the vote being as follows to-wit:- McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye,

Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye,

Dated this 1st, day of November, 1911.	Peter Buol Mayor.
attest:-- Harley A Harmon, Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill being first duly sworn deposes and says that he a citizen of the United
States over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper published and printed at Las Vegas Nevada, of general circulation, and that the
ordinance No. 19. of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada was published in said paper for one issue on
the 4th, day of November A.D. 1911.

Chas C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th, day of November A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No, 21.

An ordinance Relating to amend regulating the appearance of Minors on the public streets
Avenues and alleys and other public places in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada providing for the
ringing of curfew bell and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith
The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1. That it hereby made unlawful for any child under the of sixteen years
and not accompanied by its patents or guardian or other adult person having legal custody and
control of said child to loiter wander or stroll in or about any of the public streets, avenues
alleys or any public place in the City of Las Vegas at any time between the hours of 8 o'clock
P.M. and 5 o'clock A.M. of the succeeding day, in or during the months of September, October,
December, January, February, March, April, and May; or at any time between the hours of 9 o'clock. P.M. and 5 o'clock A.M. of the succeeding day nor during the months of June, July, and
August.

section 2. That it is hereby made unlawful for any parent, guardian or other person

having legal care and custody of any child under the age of twelve years, to allow or permit

such child or ward to loiter, wander or stroll in or about any public streets, avenues, alleys, or

other public place in the City of Las Vegas not accompanied by such parent, guardian or other

person having legal care and custody of such child. At any time between the hours of 8 o'clock

P.M. and 5 o'clock A.M. of the succeeding day. in or	the months of September, October,

November, December, January, February, March, April, and May; or at any time between the hours

of 9 o'clock, P.M. and 5 o'clock, A.M. of the succeeding day in or during the months of June, July

and August. Section 3. That it is hereby made the duty of the City Marshall to ring or cause to

be rung a curfew bell at 9 o'clock P.M. of each and every day between June first and September 1st.

of each years, and at 8 o'clock P.M. of each and every day of the year other than those mentioned

in this section for the purpose of giving notice of the hour. Section 4, That it is hereby

made and declared to be the duty of the City Marshall and of every police officer of the City of

Las Vegas to enforce or cause to be enforced each and all of the provisions of this ordinance.

Any Marshall or police officer finding or observing a child under the age of sixteen years

not accompained by its parent, guardian or other adult person having legal custody and control



of such child, loitering, wandering or strolling about in any public streets, avenues,

alleys, or other public places in the City of Las Vegas contrary to or in violation of any of
the provisions of this ordinance, shall place such child under arrest and shall take, or cause
to be taken, or send such child to its home or place of abode, or to its parent or guardian,
and shall notify such parent, guardian, or person having legal custody and control of such child
to be and appear with said child at and before the Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas on the
next succeeding day at the hour of ten o'clock. A.M. and it is hereby made the duty of such parent

guardian or person having the legal custody and control of such child to be and appear with said
operate the same. Section 3. That it shall have the right to lay down mains and distributing
pipes and supply pipes in all or any of the streets, alleys or public grounds of the said City
as it may deem necessary or expedient, under the supervision of the proper authorities of the
City of Las Vegas. Section 4. The Municipal authorities shall have the power to regulate
and change rates from time to time as may seem just and proper, the same not to exceed the 

maximum rate of Two dollars for each one thousand cubic feet of gas, and a minimum rate of one
Dollar per each calendar month, provided, however, that no rate shall be changed during a period
of less than one year after being fixed (except as hereinafter provided for) and that notice of
intention to change rates shall be given to the local agent of the Consolidated Power & Telephone
 Company thirty days prior to the date set for the consideration of such changes, at which
time the said Consolidated Power & Telephone Company may appear and have a hearing. The grantee
herein may apply at any time upon thirty days previous notice to the Board of City Commissioners

of Las Vegas for a change in rates, and said Board may upon such hearing change the rates.

	The Municipal authorities shall further have the power to make all necessary rules and

 regulations for the laying and maintaining of all gas pipes or apparatuses, and to require that,
proper and efficient service is given to all consumers from whom gas and changes are collected.
The Municipal authorities shall have the power to change the rules and regulations from
 time to time as in their judgement may seem just and proper and all rules formulated by the
	Consolidated Power & Telephone Company shall be approved by the municipality before being put

	into effect.			

	The said Consolidated Power & Telephone Company shall have the right to charge, receive

 and collect, subject to the changes and regulations of prices herein provided for, the sum of
Two Dollars for each one thousand cubic feet of gas furnished or supplied by it, and a minimum
rate of one Dollar per each calender month. Section 5. That said gas works shall be completed
 and lighted within one year from the date of the passage of this ordinance, and a failure
to comply with this provision shall operate as a forfeiture of this franchise. Section 6. The
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas may from time to time, as said Board of 
Commissioners may elect, appoint some competent person or persons to make an examination as to the
manner of measurement of gas and as to the correction of meters in which gas is measured, and
to report the result of the same to the said Board. Section 7. That the said, Consolidated Power
& Telephone Company, its successors or assigns, shall commence the construction of said gas
works within three months from and after the approval and passage of this ordinance. Section 8.

That in case of failure or non-compliance upon the part of said Consolidated Power & Telephone
Company, its successors or assigns, to fulfill and carry out any and all of the stipulations 
mentioned in this ordinance and franchise, then the same shall be null and void and of no effect
and shall work as a forfeiture of all rights and privilege granted or intended to be granted
hereby. Section 9. That in case the said Consolidated Power & Telephone Company, its 

successors or assigns, discontinue, refuse or neglect to manufacture and supply gas to the said
City or its inhabitants at any time for and during the term of six months then this ordinance
and franchise shall be null an void, and the City Commissioners may order the removal of pipes
and lamp-posts, so laid or put up by Consolidated Power & Telephone Company or its successors
or assigns in any of the public streets alleys or public grounds of said City of Las Vegas, and
may declare the same a public nuisance. Section 10. Within sixty days after the passage of
this ordinance the said Consolidated Power & Telephone Company, its successors or assigns shall
	 file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a plat of tide mains proposed to

be laid, showing proposed location and position thereof. section 11, No charge shall be made
for tapping any main in excess of Five dollars for each tap. Section 12. That at the expiration
 of twenty five years after the passage of this ordinance, and at the expiration of each

succeeding five years thereafter, the said City shall have the right to purchase said works and
child at and before the Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas at said time and place at which
he or she is notified, then and their to answer to any charge that may be pending or may be
Placed against said parent or child under the provisions of this ordinance. Section 5. That
every violation of this ordinance, or of any of the terms or provisions thereof, shall constitute
 a misdemeanor, and every person found guilty of any such violation thereof shall be punished
by a fine of not less than $2.00 nor more than $5.00 or by imprisonment in the City Jail of the
City of Las Vegas for a term not exceeding five days, or by both such fine and imprisonment; 
provided, however, that the Court or Judge before whom any person is found guilty of violating
any of the terms or provisions of this ordinance may, for the first time or offence, in lieu of
a fine or judgement of imprisonment, reprimand such person for his or her violation of this

ordinance, and admonish him or her against any further violation thereof. Section 6. All
ordinances and part of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are hereby recalled. Section
7. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately on and after its passage and
publication. First reading November 1st, 1911. Second reading December 6th, 1911.

The foregoing ordinance was then passed with the following vote to-wit:- Coughlin, aye, McGovern
aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye.

Attested. Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; that he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark
County Nevada, and that the ordinance No. 21. of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the 
attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue on the following dates
to-wit:- December 16th, 1911.	Chas. C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22nd, day of January A.D. 1912.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon,

City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 22.



An ordinance authorizing Consolidated Power & Telephone Company, a corporation, its

successors or assigns, to construct, operate and maintain gas works in the City of Las Vegas,
Clark Count, State of Nevada.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section l. That a franchise be and the same is hereby granted to Consolidated Power and 
Telephone Company, a corporation and to its successors or assigns to supply the said City of Las
Vegas and its Citizens and residents with gas for lighting and heating and for generation of power.

Section 2. That the said Consolidated Power & Telephone Company shall have the right to erect
on the lots of the Company at the corner of Main and Garces streets of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite
gas works for the manufacture of gas for lighting and heating and for generation of power, and
system, provided it notify the said persons to whom this franchise is granted, or their assigns
of its intention so to do at least one year before the expiration of said period or period of

years in order to establish the value of said gas works and system the persons to whom this

franchise is granted, or their assigns, and the said City of Las Vegas shall appoint one person
and the two appointees shall choose a third, and the three persons thus chosen, who shall be
practical gas men, shall constitute a board to determine the value of said works and system.

The said Board in fixing the value of said works and system shall take into consideration

the cost of the erection and installation of said system and works, the cost of erection or

installation of a new system and works of like character, the earning capacity of said works and

system, and all other facts and considerations legitimately connected with the said works and
system. And for that purposes it shall have access to the books of the persons to whom this
franchise is granted, of their assigns, to ascertain the fact above mentioned. The City shall
within sixty days after the said Board has rendered its decision, pay the amount awarded, in cash
and upon such payment, said Consolidated Power & Telephone Company, its successors or assigns
shall transfer to said City of Las Vegas all their sale, rights and privileges and property
included in said appraisement.

Section 13. The privileges hereby granted to Consolidated Power and Telephone Company,

shall insure to the benefit of said Consolidated Power & Telephone Company, its successors or

for the period of fifty years from and after the passage of this ordinance. Section
14. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and publication
and acceptance, and the grantee herein shall pay the expenses of publishing the same. Acceptance

hereof by said Company shall be filed in writing with the City Clerk within thirty days from
the date of passage of this ordinance.

Passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance upon the consent of the entire Board of 
Commissioners first had and obtained, the vote on ordinance being as follows: Ayes, Commissioners
McGovern, Von Tobel, Stewart, Coughlin, and Mayor Buol. Passed December 9th, 1911.

Approved

Attested: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.	Peter Buol. Mayor.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas, C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and that the ordinance No. 22, of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached
is true copy was published in said paper one issue on the following dates to-wit: January 6th
1912.	Chas C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22nd, day of January A.D. 1912.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.



	Ordinance No. 23.

An ordinance providing for the keeping of Certain Moneys in a fund to be known as
"Street Fund".

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las vegas do ordain as Follows:

Section 1. The money derived from the appointment of the Las Vegas Road District Funds



deposited as provided for in section 32, of the charter of the City of Las Vegas shall be deposited in the

City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas to be there credited to what shall be known as the

"Street Fund", and such moneys and all other moneys in said special fund shall be expended
only for work and improvements upon the streets, alleys and public highways of the City.

Section 2, No moneys shall be drawn by the City Treasurer, or any other official,
from said "Street Fund" except upon a warrant authorized by the Board of City Commissioners at
a meeting in the same manner as other warrants are required to be drawn against the various
funds of said City. Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

this 3rd, day of January 1912. as an emergency ordinance upon consent of the entire Board of
Commissioners upon the first reading thereof upon the following vote. Ayes: Commissioners
Coughlin, McGovern, aye, Stewart, von Tobel, and Mayor Peter Buol.

Approved Peter Buol. Mayor.

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

(SEAL)

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is citizen of
the United States, over the age of eighteen years, that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and that the ordinance No. 23, of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached
is a true copy, was published in said paper for one issue on the following date to-wit: January
6th, 1912.		Chas. C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22nd, day of January, A.D. 1912.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 24,





An Ordinance regulating the shutting off of water in systems supplying the City of Las
Vegas and the inhabitants thereof with water.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to ordain as follows:
Section 1. It shall be the duty of any person or corporation supplying water to the City
of Las Vegas and its inhabitants through hydrants located upon the streets, alleys and public
Places in this City, whenever by reason of repairs or work, or from any causes, the water is
turned off from any such hydrants to notify the chief or other head of the Fire Department
of the City thereof, before the water is turned off, and the length of time such hydrant will
remain without water, and in case of the alarm of fire in the City, it shall be the duty of such
persons or corporation to turn into all mains and hydrants all the water necessary or available
if possible. A failure to comply with the provisions of this section relative to notice shall
render such persons or corporation liable for by damages accruing to the City or to any of its
citizens or inhabitants by fire or otherwise due to the water being shut off.

Section 2. It shall be the duty of any person or corporation supplying water to the City
of Las Vegas and its inhabitants through mains or pipes located upon the streets, alleys or public 
places in this City, whenever by reason of repairs or, work, or from any cause, the water is
turned off from any of such mains or pipes, to notify all the water usages to be affected thereby,
before the water is turned off, and the length of time they will remain without water from the
mains or pipes theretofore supplying them with water, ana such notice shall in all cases, except
in cases of great necessity, be given to such user of water at least one hour before the water
is turned off, a failure to comply with the provisions of this section relative to notice shall
render such persons or corporation liable for all damages accruing to such water users due to
the water being shut off.

Section 3. In case such persons or corporation mentioned in the preceding two sections
be engaged in work upon any line of pipe necessitating the turning off of water, no such line of
pipe shall be left open or empty during the night, or when work is not actually going on therein

and if any line or pipe be open at the time of quitting work, or when an alarm of fire is given

a cap or thimble shall immediately be placed closely over the mouth of such pipe, and the water

be left in as far as possible for the use of the Fire Department of the City. Any person,

superintendent, foreman or agent having charge or control of any pipe or hydrant, in doing or

ordering work done in or upon the same, who shall violate any provision of this section shall

be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall for each offence be fined not less

than ten not more the three hundred dollars.

Section 4. Regulation No. 7, appearing water franchise granted by the Board of County
Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada to Las Vegas Land & Water Company on November 1st, 1909.
and reading as follows: "The grantee reserves the right to shut off water without notice for
the purpose of making repairs or extensions," is hereby repealed and annulled.

Section 5. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 6. This ordinance shall take effect from and after its passage and publication
according to law.

Read first time December 9, 1911.

Second reading January 3, 1912.

Passed this 3, day of January, 1912. upon the following vote.

Ayes: Commissioners Coughlin, McGovern, Stewart, Von Tobel, and Mayor, aye,

( SEAL)	Peter Buol. Mayor.

Attest:	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is a Citizen of the
United States over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Nevada,
and that the ordinance No. 24, of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached is a true and
correct copy, was published in said paper one issue on the following date, to-wit: January 13,
1912.	Chas. C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22nd, day of January, A.D. 1912.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 25.	

	

	

An ordinance relating to the planting of Trees on the streets of Las Vegas.	

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. From and after the passage of this ordinance it shall be unlawful for any person
or persons, society or corporation to plant cause to be planted on any of the sidewalks or
other places in the City of Las Vegas, outside of the property line, any tree or shrub, so that
the center of the tree or shrub shall be more or less than two and one half feet from the inside
of the street curbing. Section 2, any person or persons, society or corporation plating trees

or shrubs upon the sidewalks or other places in the City of Las Vegas, outside of the property
lines, in violation of this ordinance shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction
thereof shall for each offence be punished by a fine not less than five Dollars nor more than Ten
Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail until such fine is paid, not exceeding one day for
each two dollars of such fine in case such fine is not paid. Passed as an emergency ordinance

on first reading upon the consent of the entire Board this 7th, day of February, 1912, upon the
following vote: Ayes Commissioners von Tobel, Stewart, Coughlin and Mayor Buol.
Attest:-	Approved:

(SEAL) Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.	Peter Buol. Mayor.

Affidavits of Publication

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that
the Ordinance No. 25, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached is a true and correct
copy, was published in said paper one issue on the following dates, to-wit: February 10th, 1912.

Chas C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th, day of April A.D. 1912.

(SEAL OF THE CITY)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 26.

Franchise granting to Philip K. Buck, his successors and assigns, to install, maintain and
operate a system of water works in Bucks sub-division of Las Vegas, and to make extensions thereto
from time to time, and prescribing the terms and conditions under which this franchise is granted.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. A franchise, right and privilege hereby given and granted by the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to Philip K. Buck, and to
his successors and assigns, to construct, install at operate, maintain and manage for municipal
agricultural, household and other purposes a system of water pipe lines and water mains, and 
connections and laterals thereto, and all necessary and proper appliances in connection therewith,

or appurtenant thereto, in, through, over, across, under or along each and all of the avenues,
streets and alleys of Bucks Sub-division of Las Vegas according to the official and recorded plat
of survey thereof, for the purpose of supplying the said sub-division and its inhabitants with
water for all necessary and useful purposes; with the right to said grantee to extend said water
system into any and all additions or sub-division of the Town of Las Vegas or the City of Las Vegas
which now exists or which may hereafter be laid out and created within the boundaries of the City
of Las Vegas; and the franchise and privilege hereby granted shall also extend into and over Clarks
Las Vegas Townsite, Section 2. That for the purposes of maintaining said system of water

works, and of extending the same from time, as necessity may require, the said grantee is and his
successors and assigns are hereby given and granted a right of way over and through the streets and
alleys in said sub-division and in all of the territory within the limits of the City of Las Vegas
covered by this franchise, with the right to make the necessary excavations in said streets and alleys
in order to lay its water pipes therein, and to make all necessary repairs to said system of water
works, or any part thereof. Section 3. In consideration of the grant of the franchise right
and privilege hereby given, the said grantee, its successors and assigns, agree to;	(A) in all

cases, after making any excavations in the streets or alleys, to restore such streets or alley to
its former condition. (B) Hold said City of Las Vegas harmless from any and all liability

for damages to persons or property caused by excavations made in the streets and alleys within the
territory to which this franchise extends. Section 4. (A) The municipal authorities shall

have the power to regulate and change from time to time as may seem just and proper the water rates
charged to consumers, Provided, that the rate shall be changed during a period of less than one year
after being fixed, and that notice of intention to change rates shall be given to the grantee or his

legal representative thirty days prior to the date set for the consideration of such changes, at
which time the grantee or his representative may appear and have a hearing. (A) The municipal

authorities shall further have the power to make all necessary rules and regulations for the
laying and maintains of allwater pipes and apparatuses, and specify the sizes laid under the
streets, alleys, roads, highways or sidewalks and to order extensions of mains made within the
City limits as in there judgement they shall deem just and proper, and to require that proper
and efficient service is given to all consumers from where water rentals and charges are collected
(c) The municipal authorities shall have the power to change the rules and regulations from time
to time as in their judgement may seem just and proper, and all rules formulated by the grantee



shall be approved by the municipality before being pit in effect. Section 5. The

rights and privileges herein granted shall continue in force and effect for the term of twenty-

five years from and after the date of the granting of this franchise. Sections 6. There may

be a charge of not to exceed Five dollars allowed for each tapping of water mains, and such 

tapping shall include carrying pipe and water to property lines. Section 7. Water for all public

municipal buildings and grounds and public parks, for flushing of public sewers, for streets

sprinkling, for one public drinking fountain, for one public water through for the extinguishing

of fires, and for fire practice or testing of fire plugs shall be free; provided, however, that

there may be a charge agreed upon for each fire hydrant of not to exceed Six Dollars per year,

when a minimum pressure of Seventy five pounds per square inch shall maintained. Section 8.

That the expiration of fifteen years after the passage of this ordinance, and at the expiration

of each succeeding five years thereafter the said City shall have the right to purchase said works

and system, provided it notify the said person to whom this franchise is granted or his assigns

of its intention so to do, at least one year before the expiration of said period or periods of years.

In order to establish the value of said water works and system the person to whom this franchise

is granted, or his assigns, and the said City of Las Vegas shall appoint one person each, and the

two appointees shall choose a third, and the three persons thus chosen shall be practical water

system men, shall constitute a board to determine the value of said works and system and works,

the cost of erection or installation of a new system and works of like character, the earing

capacity of said works and system, and all other facts and considerations legitimately connected

with the said works and system. And for that purpose it shall nave access to the books of the person

to whom this franchise is granted, or his assigns, to ascertain the facts above mentioned. The

City shall within sixty days after the said board has rendered its decision, pay the amount awarded

in cash, and upon such payment the said Philip K. Buck, his successors or assigns shall transfer

to the said City of Las Vegas all their said rights and privileges and property included in said

appraisement. Section 9. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after

its passage an publication and acceptance, and Philip K. Buck shall pay the expense of publishing

the same. Acceptance hereof by said grantee shall be filed in writing with the City Clerk

within thirty days from the date of passage. Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this

sixth day of March, 1912. upon the following vote: ayes: Commissioners Coughlin, Stewart, McGovern



Von Tobel, and Mayor Peter Buol. aye. First reading February 7th, 1912. second reading March
6th, 1912.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor

(CITY SEAL)

ATTEST: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publisher.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; that he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years, that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review

a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
and that the ordinance No. 26. of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, of which the attached is a true
copy was published in said paper one issue on the following dates to-wit:- March 9th, 1912.

	Chas. C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2oth, day of April A.D. 1912.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.
	Ordinance No. 27.

	

An ordinance Fixing the Fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction
and the keeping and storage of combustibles and explosives.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That all that portion of the City of Las Vegas embraced within the limits of Blocks
 Nos. 2,3,14,15,16, and lots numbering 11-22 inclusive in block 18 and lots numbers 1-12 inclusive in
block No. 19, all in Clarks Las Vegas Townsite, Clark County, Nevada according to the official and
recorded plat of the survey thereof, shall be hereafter known as the fire limits of the City of
Las Vegas. Section 2. No building, shed, stable, feed yard or out building of any description
or any part of any such building, shed, stable, barn, feed yard or outbuilding of any description,
shall be erected within said limits, except as otherwise hereinafter provided, unless all the 
outside walls and party walls thereof shall be built of stone, concrete, brick or adobe, and all 
wooden joists, beams or other wooden timbers placed in the outside or party walls shall be separated
from each other at least four inches, with stone or brick laid in mortar or by concrete or adobe
and all wooden lintels or plate pieces placed in front, rear or side walls, shall recede from
the outside of the walls at least two and one half inches, or when they shall not so recede shall
be covered, with fire-proof material. All outside, end and party fire walls of any brick, stone
concrete or adobe building shall extend above the roof of s aid building at least two feet and the
planking or sheeting of any such roof shall not exceed across the fire wall of such building,
shed, stable, barn, feed yard or other out-building of any description.

Section 3, All roofs and gutters hereafter placed on any brick, stone, concrete or adobe
building, shed, stable, barn, feed yard or other outbuilding of any description already erected
or to be erected within the fire limits, shall be covered on the outside surface with metal,
slate, tile, concrete or composition fireproof material, and all wooden cornices placed

upon any such buildings shall be covered with like fire proof material and shall be separated
from the wooden cornices or other wooden part of any adjacent structure by a brick or other
fire-proof partition of at least four inches, and any of the outer timbers or wood work of any such
structure shall not connect with any of the interior timbers or wood work.

Section 4. No such structure or any part of such wooden structure within the fire limits
shall be erected, nor shall any such wooden structure, or any part of the same within the fire
limits be removed to any other place within the same, nor shall any such structure, or any part
of such structure, be removed within the fire limits from without the same.

Section 5. No such wooden structure within the fire limits which may become damaged to the
extent of fifty per cent of the value thereof by fire, decay or other causes or by any or all
of said causes combined, shall be repaired or rebuilt, nor shall any such structure when the 
damage thereof is less then fifty per cent of its value be so repaired as to be raised higher than
the highest point left standing after such damage shall have occurred, or so as to be in better
condition or state of repair then before such damage, or so as to occupy a greater space than
before the injury thereto.

In the event of a dispute between the owner and the Board of City Commissioners as to the
amount of damages caused to any said building by fire or other casualty or by said dispute

shall be determined by arbitration of competent mechanics the owner to select one arbitrator,
the Board of city Commissioners the other. They shall select a third, and the decision of the
majority shall be final and conclusive; all expenses of the arbitration to be paid by the party
gainst whom the decision shall be rendered.

Sections 6. Nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to prohibit the erection of
 coal houses and privies provided they are detached from other buildings and not of a size to

exceed 10 feet wide by 12 feet long and 8 feet sides.


	Section 7. Any such wooden structure or part of the same, which may be erected, enlarged or
or removed or which may be in the process of erection or enlargement or removal contrary in either

case to the provisions hereof shall be deemed and is hereby declared a nuisance. And the owner

or owners of any such structure and any and all persons employed or assisting about the same shall

be	fined in a sum of not less than fifty dollars nor more than two hundred dollars for each and

	every such offence, and the sum of not less than twenty-five dollars nor more than two hundred



     dollars for every twenty four hours any such structure shall afterwards remain within the fire
limits. The fine or fines above provided for shall be recovered in any court having competent
jurisdiction, and in the event of the failure to pay such fine the person convicted shall be 
imprisoned in the City Jail at the rate of one day for each Two Dollars of such fine.

Section 8. It shall be unlawful for any person to keep any petroleum, gasoline or any 
product of petroleum or hydro-carbon liquid within the fire limits of said City in quantities in excess
	of one hundred and fifty gallons, and not more than a total of one hundred gallons shall be kept

in	iron tanks nor more than fifty gallons in cases, such liquid shall not be kept in receptacle

other than the kinds above described, and the same shall be kept in a safe and clean condition.

Section. 9, It shall be unlawful for any person to keep within the fire limits any dynamite
giant powder nitroglycerine or similar explosives.

Section 10. Any person violating or wilfully non-complying with any of the provisions of

	

section 8, or 9, of this ordinance is guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall upon conviction thereof, be
punished by a fine not less than ten dollars, nor more than three hundred dollars, or imprisonment
in the City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of one day for each two dollars of such fine.

Section 11. It shall be unlawful for any person to stack hay, straw or any other highly
combustible material within the fire limits of said City of Las Vegas, and any person violating
this section shall upon conviction be fined in any sum not exceeding fifty Dollars.

Section. 12. All arrangements and devices for heating or warming any room or rooms, or
buildings, or for any purposes of work whereby a fire is needed or used, shall be so constructed
put up and operated as will secure safety from fires.

Section 13. Stoves pipes shall not be allowed to be put out through the roofs of buildings

or the sides thereof, or through floors or partitions without being made perfectly secure by the

use of non-combustible material around said pipe where it passes through either the roof, floor



sides or partitions of any building, and in no event shall the pipe be placed nearer than six inches

of any wood work or other combustible material. Provided that registers may be put in floors, said

register to be of modern manufacture, and the air chamber around the pipe shall be at least

two inches in diameter. And all chimneys shall be safely and securely constructed so as not to

endanger any building or be the cause of the setting or communicating of any fire.



Section 14. Lights or fires in any manner shall not be carried in places where any kind of
combustible material may be liable to be ignited or set on fire, without such lights or fire is
properly and safely secured in such a way as to not endanger the setting of fire.

Section 15. Ashes shall not be kept or stored in any place within twenty feet of any building
not in any building, without the receptacle in which said ashes are stored shall be made fire proof.
Nor shall any hay, or straw or other combustible material be stacked within sixty feet of any
building in which a fire is kept or used, nor shall straw, shavings or rubbish of any kind be
burned nearer than thirty feet of any building, nor shall any such fire be kindled or permitted
except between the hours of six o'clock A.M. and five o'clock P.M., nor except in a still time
when the wind is not blowing, or when the surroundings are wet or damp; nor shall any fire be made
or used for any work whatever out of doors within fifteen feet of any building, except the same
be fire proof, and in all cases after use the fire and all coals shall be throughly extinguished
Section 16. Shavings shall not be allowed to accumulate in any shop, building or other
place where shavings are made, but such shop, building or other place shall be kept as near clean

of such shavings or other combustible material as the nature of the case will permit, and all stoves
furnaces or lights used in any such place shall be kept in good condition and be so arranged as
to be secure from communicating fire.

Section. 17. Sections 12,13,14,15, and 16, of this ordinance are hereby declared to apply
generally throughout the City of Las Vegas as well as within the fire limits and any person
violating any of the provisions of wether of said sections shall upon conviction be fined in any
sum not less than Five nor more than fifty Dollars for each offence.

Section 18. It shall be the duty of the Mayor, either in person or by a committee of the
Board of Commissioners whom he may appoint (which Committee shall include the Chief of the Fire
Department), to visit and inspect during the month of November in each year, all the buildings
and rooms within the Fire limits and see that all chimneys, stoves, furnaces and pipes are in safe
and secure condition. And it shall be the duty of the Mayor or the committee, as the case may
be, to call the attention of the owner or occupant of any building or room, to the condition of
any chimney, stove, furnace or pipe that shall be deemed unsafe or insecure and request and direct
such owner or occupant to remedy the defect at once. Any such owner or occupant who shall

refuse to comply with such request and remedy any such defect shall upon conviction be fined in any
sum not less than ten nor more than one Hundred dollars, and each day he shall refuse to
comply with such request shall be deemed an separate offence.

Read the first time February 1, 1912.

Read the second time March 6th, 1912. Passed on the second reading.

Vote cast as follows to-wit:- Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye,
and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye.	Peter Buol Mayor.

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

(CITY SEAL).

Affidavit of Publisher.	

Chas C. Corkhill being first duly sworn deposes and says; that he is  a citizen of the

United States, over the age of eighteen years, that he is the publisher of the Clark County

Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County

Nevada, and that the ordinance No. 27, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached

is a true correct copy, was published in said paper one issue on the following dates to-wit:- March 9th, 1912.

Chas C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th, day of April A.D., 1912.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 28.

An ordinance Regulating and Prohibiting Displays in Moving Picture shows.

  	

 The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. From and after the passage and publication of this ordinance it shall be
unlawful for any owner, manager, lessee or anyone having charge of or conducting a moving picture
show in the City of Las Vegas to show, display project or exhibit within a show house or place
of business frequented by the public, upon a curtain, canvas or other object by means of a moving
picture machine or similar contrivance, or allow to be shown displayed, projected or exhibited
within a show house or place of business frequented by the public upon a curtain, canvas or
other object by means of a moving picture machine or similar contrivance, and by means of slides
films or similar devices, any picture, sign, announcement or advertisement relating to or 
advertising any saloon, saloon business or house of ill-fame, situated or conducted within the City
of Las Vegas. Section 2. Any person violating or wilful non-complying with any of the

provisions of this ordinance shall be punished by a fine of not less than ten dollars
nor more than Fifty Dollars for each offence, or by in the City Jail until such fine

is paid, not exceeding one day for each two dollars of such fine, in case such fine is not paid

.

and upon complaint and proof that any owner, manager, lessee or anyone having charge of or 
conducting any such place above described repeatedly violates this ordinance or any of the provisions
thereof, the license for such place of business may be revoked by the Board of City Commissioners.

The necessity appearing to the Board that an emergency existed it was upon motion of McGovern
and seconded by Stewart ordered that this ordinance be passed as an emergency ordinance, the vote
being cast as follows to-wit.: Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and
his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, voting aye.

Passed by the Board of Commissioners this 3rd, day of April 1912, upon the following vote
Commissioners Coughlin, aye, Stewart aye, McGovern aye, Von Tobel aye, and his honor the Mayor
Peter Buol aye.

First reading April 3rd, 1912.

Second reading April 3rd, 1912.	Approved, Peter Buol. Mayor.

Attest:	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

(SEAL)

Affidavit of Publisher.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says, That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years, that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
and that the ordinance No. 28, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached is a true



copy, was published in said paper one issue, on the following dates, to-wit April 6th, 1912.

Chas c. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th, day of April A.D. 1912.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

	Ordinance No. 29.

An ordinance to prevent Minors from Frequenting Saloons and Disreputable places.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1, It shall be unlawful for any minor to frequent or loiter around any saloon,
gambling house, bar room, billiard room, cigar store, bowling alley or house of ill-fame or to

purchase any beer, wine, spirituous liquors or other intoxicating beverage from any such place,
any minor violating the previsions of this section shall be punished by a fine of not
than five dollars ($5.00) nor more than twenty five Dollars ($25.00), or in the City

Jail until such fine is paid, not exceeding one day for which two dollars of such fine, in case
such fine is not paid.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any saloon keeper to sell or permit to be sold to minors
any beer, wine, spirituous liquors or other intoxicating beverage, or to permit minors to frequent
or loiter around his saloon. Any violations of this section shall be punishable

by a fine of not less than Five dollars ($5.00) nor more than twenty five Dollars ($25.00) for each
offence, and upon complaint and proof that any saloon keeper repeatedly violates this section
of the ordinance his license may be revoked by the Board of City Commissioners,

Section 3. Any proprietor, keeper, bartender, Clerk, or any other person having charge or

control of any saloon, bar room, billiard room or pool room, cigar store, bowling alley, or any
other public place within the City of Las Vegas, who permits any minor to play or engage in, or
be prevent at any game of billiards, pool bowling or of cards, without the express consent of the

parent or guardian of such minor, is guilty of a misdemeanor who plays or engages

in it present at any game of billiards, pool, bowling or of cards in any public place
within said City of Las Vegas, without the express consent of his parent or guardian, is likewise

guilty of a misdemeanor. Any person violating or wilfully non-complying with the provisions
of this section shall be punished by a fine of not less than five Dollars, ($5.00) nor more than
Twenty five Dollars ($25.00) for each offence, or by imprisonment in the City Jail until such fine
is paid, not exceeding one day for each two dollars of such fine, in case such fine is not paid
and upon complaint and proof that any proprietor, keeper or person in charge of any of the places
mentioned in this section repeatedly violates this section of the ordinance the license for such
place of business may be revoked by the Board of City Commissioners.

Passed by the Board of Commissioners this 3rd day of April 1912, upon the following vote
Aye, Commissioners Coughlin, Stewart, McGovern, Von Tobel, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol.

First reading March 6th, 1912.

(SEAL) second reading April 3rd, 1912.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor,

	Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publisher.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says that he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years, that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review 
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
and that the Ordinance No. 29, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached is a true
an correct copy was published in said paper one issue on the following dates to-wit:- April, 6th, 1912.

Chas C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th, day of April A.D. 1912.

Harley A, Harmon, City Clerk.





Ordinance No. 30.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Regulating the Fire Department providing for the 
protection against fires, and other matters relating thereto.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall fix and determine the
salaries and compensations to be paid to the officers, assistances and all other employees and
members of the Department. Section 2. The officers of the Las Vegas Fire Department shall
be the Police and Fire Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, who shall be the executive
Officer of the Fire Department, with the powers and duties granted and provided for under the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas, There shall also be a Chief and Assistant Chief, and such
other officers as may be here after provided for. Section 3. The Chief of the Fire Department

subject to the supervision of the Police and Fire Commissioner and of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, shall have authority and control over the governing officers elected by
the Companies and such officers, members and employees as are in the Fire Department shall be
subject to the orders and directions of the Chief of the Fire Department. Section 4. The Chief
or in his absence or inability to act, the assistant Chief, shall have command at all fires, drills
parades, etc, over all officers, members and employees of the Fire Department, and all apparatus
and appurtenances of the same. It shall be his duty, and he is hereby authorized and empowered,
to take any steps, and to perform any act, which in his judgement, is necessary for the 
preservation of life and property. He is hereby vested with the power and authority to suspend and
subordinate officer or any employee of the Department, who, during the progress of  any fire
refuses or neglects to perform the duties assigned to him, He shall subject to the orders of
the Police and Fire Commissioner have, full control and general supervision of all fire apparatus
at all times, inspect all hydrants and order all drills of the firemen at such times as he may
see proper. He must enquire into the cause of every fire occurring in the City and keep a record

of the same and make a report thereof once in three months, or oftener if required, to the police

and Fire Commissioner. He shall enforce all fire ordinances, examine all buildings

in the progress of erection, report violations of ordinances relating to the prevention and

extinguishment of fires, institute prosecution for the enforcement of ordinances when necessary

and perform such other duties as may by proper authority be  impose on him. Section 5.

Every person who at any time at the burning of any building shall be guilty of any disobedience to the

lawful orders of a public officer, the fire Chief, or Assistant or any firemen, or of resistance to or

	 		

interference with the lawful efforts of the Fire Chief or Assistant or any firemen, or company of
firemen, to extinguish the same, or of disorderly conduct likely to interfere with the 
extinguishment thereof, or who shall forbid, prevent or dissuade others from assisting to extinguish such
fire, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by 
imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than six months, or by a fine of not to exceed three

Hundred Dollars or by both. Section 6. It is the duty, strictly enjoined upon each and

every member of the police force of this City, to enforce, or cause to be enforced every provision

of the ordinances of this City, looking to the protection against and preventing of fire and 
accident; and to cause to be prosecuted in the proper Courts each and every violation thereof, and
any such officers who shall knowingly and wilfully neglect or refuse to diligently prosecute
any person violating any of such provisions, or who shall neglect, or refuse diligently to 
investigate any alleged violation thereof which may come to his knowledge, is guilty of a misdemeanor
and upon conviction there shall be punished by imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than
six months, or by a fine of not to exceed three hundred dollars, or by both. Section 7.

The duly appointed, qualified and acting Chief of the Fire Department of the City of Las Vegas
is hereby vested with and empowered to make arrests for the disobedience of or breach of any
ordinance of said City looking to the protection against and preventing of fires and accidents.

 Section 8. It shall be unlawful for any person or persons, corporation or corporations to carry
on or conduct within the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas the business or occupation of

		

cleaning clothes by the use of gasoline, benzine or any other highly volatile or combustible
liquid or substance, unless the process of cleaning with or by the use of such substance is
conducted in fire proof building and in a building situated at least fifteen feet from any other
building or outhouse, or unless such process is conducted in the open air at least fifteen from
any building or outhouse. Any person or persons, corporation or corporations violating the 
provisions of this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished
by a fine of not less than $25 nor more than $100, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not more

than sixty days, or by both. Section 9. It shall be the duty of each and every person or
corporation or the agent, servant or employee of any person or corporation who uses or is entitled
 to use water from the water system which is used or entitled to used by the City of Las
Vegas for the extinguishment of fires, to shut off and prevent the flowing and use of any water for

sprinkling or watering of lawns, trees or gardens upon the premises of such person, immediately
after the alarm of fire is sounded or given in the City of Las Vegas, and the above mentioned
persons shall refrain from the use or allowing of the water to flow for such purposes until the
fire, if any, is fully extinguished. Any person or corporation, or the agent, servant, or employee
of any person or corporation above mentioned who shall violate any of the provisions of this
section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by
imprisonment in the City Jail for not more then thirty days, or by a fine of not 	

less then $5.00 and not to exceed twenty five dollars, or by both.

Passed by the Board of Commissioners this 1st, day of May 1912, upon the following vote:
Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern, Von Tobel, and his honor the Mayor, aye. First
reading April 3,1912. Second reading May, 1st, 1912.	Approved, Peter Buol. Mayor.

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.
 Affidavit of Publisher.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the

United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 30 of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached
is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one issues on the following dates to-wit
May 4th, 1912.	Chas c. Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th, day of June A.D. 1912.

Harley A,. Harmon, City Clerk.

	Ordinance No. 31.

An ordinance providing for the issuance of bonds of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the
amount of Forty thousand dollars ($40,000) for the purposes of constructing a sewerage system
for said City, prescribing the form of said bonds and the interest coupons to be hereto attached
and taking provisions for the levy of a tax to pay the interest as the installments thereof fall
due and to pay the principal at maturity.

		

Whereas, pursuant to and in strict compliance with the provisions and authority of the
Constitution and Laws of the State of Nevada, including the provisions of Chapter 132 of the laws
of 1911 of the State of Nevada, being an act of the Senate and Assembly of the State of Nevada,
entitled "An act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas, in Clark County, and defining the boundaries
 thereof, an to authorize the establishing of a City government therefore, and other matters
relating thereto." approved March 16, 1911, the City of Las Vegas was authorized to issue its
bonds for the purposes of constructing a sewerage system for said City; and Whereas, pursuant to
each of the requirements of subsection 5 of section 31 of said chapter 132 of the laws of 1911
of the State of Nevada, a special election by the regular qualified electors of the City of
Las Vegas was duly called and held to determine whether or not bonds of said City in the
total sum of Forty thousand dollars ($40,000) as hereinafter described, shall be issued, notice
of which election having been first duly given strictly as therein provided, at which election
more than a majority of the votes cast were in favor of the issuance of said bonds; and Whereas

	

said bonds have been duly advertised for sale and sold to the American Light and Water Company

of Chicago, Illinois, at a price in excess of the par value thereof, they being the highest and

best bidders for said bonds; and Whereas, all conditions precedent to the lawful issuance of

said bonds have happened and been duly observed in all things strictly as required by law,

therefore, The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain. That for the

	

purposes aforesaid there shall be and there be hereby ordered and directed to be issued the

negotiable coupon bonds of said City in the aggregate amount of Forty thousand dollars ($40,000)

Said bonds shall be designated "Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds", and shall be of the denomination
of S1,000 each numbered one to forty (1—40) inclusive, dated January 1, 1912, and mature and
become payable as follows: Bonds numbered 1 to 4 inclusive shall become due and payable on or
before ten years from the date thereof, bonds numbered 5 to 8, inclusive shall become due and
payable on or before 11 years from the date thereof; bonds numbered 9, to 12 inclusive shall
become due and payable on or before 12 years from the date thereof, bonds numbered 13 to 16 inclusive
to become due and payable on or before 13 years from the date thereof: bonds numbered 17 to

20	inclusive to become due and payable on or before 14 years from the date thereof; bonds numbered

21	to 24 inclusive to become due and payable on or before 15 years from the date thereof.
bonds numbered 23 to 28 inclusive to become due and payable on or before 16 years from the date



thereof; bonds numbered 29 to 32 inclusive to become due and payable on or before 17 years
from the date thereof; bonds numbered 33 to 36 inclusive to become due and payable on or before
18 years after the date thereof; bonds numbered 37 to 40 inclusive to become due and payable on
or before 19 years from the date thereof; Each of said bonds shall have coupons attached 
representing each interest installment to date of maturity of the principal. Both principal and
interest of said bonds shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of America at the
office of the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, or at the option of the holder of
said bonds or interest coupons thereto attached at the Importers & Traders National Bank, City

of New York, state of New York. Be It further ordained that said bonds and coupons with the
necessary variations as to numbers and maturities shall be in substantially the following forms
respectively, to-wit;

United States of America
State of Nevada
County of Clark
Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds.

No.		$1000.00

Know all men by these present that the City of Las Vegas a municipal corporation duly 
organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, acknowledges its self to be indebted and
	

for value received hereby promises to pay to bearer on or before the first day of January, 1932
the principal sum of one thousand dollars together with interest thereon from the date hereof
until paid, at the rate of six per centum (6%) per annum, payable semi-annually on the first day
of July and of January of each year, which interest to the date of the maturity of the principal
is evidenced by and payable upon presentation and surrender of the annexed interest coupon as
they severally become due. Both principal and interest of this bond are payable in lawful money
of the United States at the office of the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, or,
at the option of the holder of this bond or the interest coupon thereto attached at the Importers
A Traders National Band, City of New York, State of New York. And for the prompt payment of
the principal and interest of bond as the respectively become due, the full faith, credit and
resources of the said City are hereby irrevocably pledged. This bond is one of a series of like
date, tenor and amount but different maturities, issued for the purpose of constructing a sewerage
system for said City, and pursuant to an election duly called and held at which more than a
majority of the qualified electors voted in favor of the issuance of said bonds, and proceedings
of the Board of City Commissioners duly, passed and adopted, and is authorized by and issued
full conformity with the requirements of the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, 
including Chapter 132 of the session laws of said State for the year 1911, and all acts of the
Legislature amendatory thereof and supplemental thereto. And it is further certified and
Recited that all acts, conditions and things required by the Constitution and Laws of the State
of Nevada to exist, happened and performed precedent to and in the issuance of this Bond, have
existed, happened and have been performed in regular and due form, time and manner as required
by law, and that the amount of this bond, together with all other indebtedness of said City, does
not exceed any constitutional or statutory limitation. In Testimony whereof said Board of
City Commissioners of said City have caused this bond to be signed by the Mayor of said City and
the City Clerk, and its corporate seal to be hereto affixed, and the interest coupons hereto
annexed to be authenticated with the lithographed facsimile signature of said Mayor and City
Clerk, and this bond to dated the first day of January, A.D. 1912. Peter Buol Mayor.

(SEAL) Countersigned: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk

(Form of Coupon)

No________ $30.00

On the first day of July) )January) A.D. 19_____ the City of Las Vegas, in the County of

Clark and State of Nevada, will pay to bearer thirty dollars, lawful money of the United States
of America at the office of the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, or, at the

option of the holder of this interest Coupon at the Importers & Traders National Bank, City of

New York, State of New York, being the semi-annual interest then due on its sewerage bond, dated

January 1, 1912. No.______	Peter Buol Mayor

Countersigned, : Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Be it Further Ordained and Ordered that for the purpose of making provision, for the prompt

payment of the installments of interest as they fall due and to create a sinking fund to pay the



principal of said bonds at maturity, there shall be and there is hereby levied an annual tax until

principal and interest of said bonds are fully paid, sufficient to pay the annual interst on the

outstanding bonds as the installments thereof accrue, and the further sum as follows:	In each

of the years 1912 to 1921, both inclusive, the further sum of $1500.00; in each of the years 1922

to 1930 the further sum of $2777.88, which amounts shall be placed in a sinking fund and shall

be used exclusively to pay the principal of said bonds at maturity. Be it further ordained that

the Mayor an City Clerk hereby authorized to execute said bonds for and on behalf of the

City substantially in the manner and form aforesaid, and to deliver the same to American Light

and Water Company the purchasers thereof, upon payment of the purchase price thereof, the 

proceeds of the sale of said bonds shall be placed in a special fund and shall be used exclusively

for the purpsoses above specified in such manner and to such extent as the Board of Commissioners

may by ordinance, order or resolution from time to time direct. Be it Further Ordained that

it is found and determined by the Board of Commissioners that the health and welfare of the people

of the City of Las Vegas make it necessary that the sewer system be constructed at the earliest

possible time, and therefore an emergency exists, and that the unanimous consent of the entire



Board of Commissioners be given that this ordinance be immediately passed and that all rules 
otherwise preventing its passage be and they are hereby ordered suspended and that this ordinance by
unanimous consent be immediately passed. Be it further ordained that any and all former

ordinances or resolutions of this Board inconsistent with the foregoing are to the extent of any
such inconsistency hereby rescinded. The motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance was thereupon
seconded by Commissioner W.J. Stewart and upon call of the roll the vote thereon was unanimous
as follows: Ayes," Commissioners W.J. Stewart, Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Von Tobel, aye,
and his honor the Mayor. "Nays" None. Thereupon the Mayor declared said ordinance adopted.
(SEAL) Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor.	

Affidavit of Publisher.

Chas C. Corkhill, being frist duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review a
weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
and that the Ordinance No. 31, of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true and
correct copy was published in said paper one issues, on the following dates to-wit: June 8th, 1912.

	Chas C. Corkhill	

subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th, day of June A.D. 1912.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.
	Ordinance No. 32.

An ordinance Creating certain funds for the City of Las Vegas, Regulating the Finances and
taxes thereof, defining the duties of officers, and other matters relating thereto.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

section. The revenues of the City shall be apportioned by the Treasurer, as paid in, to
the respective funds to which they belong, as far as possible and there are hereby established
in addition to funds allready created the following named funds, to-wit:- General fund, General
Expence fund, Cash Bases fund, Salary fund, City Light fund, Police Department fund, Fire 
Department Fund, Sewerage Bond fund, Las Vegas Sewerage Interest fund, Las Sewerage sinking fund, and
City Farm fund. All sums which the Treasurer cannot identify, or which shall not be directed to
particular fund by the Board of City Commissioners or by the City Clerk, shall be apportioned to
the General fund. The cash basis fund shall a permanent revolving fund, for the purposes of putting
the payment of running expenses of the City on a cash basis. For this purpose it is hereby provided
that, from the money collected from the annual tax levy and from moneys received from ether sources
a sum equal to not less than five cents on each one hundred dollars of the assessed value of said
property shall be placed in such fund until the accumulated amount in such fund shall be 
sufficient to meet all legal demands against the treasury for the first three months or ether necessary
period of the succeeding fiscal year. The provisions of this paragraph shall not relate to or
affect the moneys provided for the street Fund under Ordinance No. 23. The Board of City
Commissioners shall have power to transfer from such Cash Basis Fund to any other Fund or Funds
such sums or sums as may be required for the purpose of placing such funds or funds as nearly as
possible, on a cash basis. It shall be The duty of the Board of City Commissioners to provide
that all money so transferred from the cash basis Fund be returned thereto before the end of the
fiscal year.

Section 2. The fiscal year of the City shall commence upon the First day of January and end on

the thirty first day of December of each year.



Section 3. On or before the first Monday in November in each year the heads of departments shall
send to the commissioner of Finance and Revenue a careful estimate in writing of the amounts,
specifying in detail the objects thereof, required for the business and proper conduct of their
respective departments during the next ensuing fiscal year.

Section 4. On or before the First Monday in December in each year, the Commissioner of Finance
and Revenue shall submit to the Board of City Commissioners an estimate of the probable 	

expenditures of the City government for the next ensuing fiscal year, stating the amount required
to meet the interest and sinking funds for the outstanding funded indebtedness of the City, and
the wants of all the departments of the municipal government in detail, and shewn specifically
the amount necessary to be provided for each fund and department; also an estimate of the amount
of income from fines, licenses and other sources of revenue exclusive of taxes upon property, and
the probable amount to be levied and raised by taxation.

Section 5. The Board of City Commissioners shall annually net later than at their regular meeting

in January in each year make a budget of the estimated amounts required to pay the expenses of



conducting the business of the City Government for the next ensuing fiscal year. The budget shall be 
prepared in such detail as to the aggregate sum and items thereof allowed to each department
office, board, fund or commission as the Board of City Commissioners may deem advisable. No part
of the items so allowed each department, office, board or commission shall be transferred to
any other department, office, board or commission, unless by unanimous consent and the consent
of the department, office, board or commission affected.

Section 6. The Beard of City Commissioners shall on or before the first Monday of March of each

year, fix the rate of City taxes, designating as to each fund the number of cents on each hundred
dollars of valuation sufficient to raise the amounts estimated to be required for each fund provided

for in the annual budget less the amounts estimated to be received from fines licenses and



other sources of revenue, and shall levy the City taxes upon the taxable property therein in the
manner as provided by law.

Section 7. If during any year after the equalization of taxes it shall appear that the levy
previously made by the Board of City Commissioners for City purposes will result in the collection
of a revenue either in excess or a deficiency of the requirements for the current year of any fund
or funds, department or departments, provided for in the annual budget for that year, the
Board of City Commissioners may authorize the reduction or raising of the rate of taxation 
previously levied for such fund or funds to such a sum as such board in its judgement may consider



sufficient to insure the collection of such an amount of revenue as will answer all the requirements
of such fund or funds for such current year.

Section 8. The revenue derived from fines, licenses, license taxes and business or trades taxed
shall be applied by the Treasurer to the various funds as other moneys collected for taxes.

Section 9. It shall not be lawful to transfer money from one fund to another except as herein
provided, or use the money in the Las Vegas Sewerage Interest Fund or Las Vegas Sewerage Sinking
Fund otherwise than in payment of the principal or interest on the bonded indebtedness; provided
however, that in case of urgent need, after the cash Basis Fund has been exhausted, money may be
transferred from the general Fund to another fund sufficient to supply the need.

Section 10. Every person having a claim against the City of Las Vegas shall within two months
after the last item of the account accrues, present a demand therefor in writing to the Board of
City Commissioners of Las Vegas, against which such claim or demand, is held, verified by the
affidavit of himself or agent, stating minutely what the claim is for, and specifying each special
item, and the date and amount thereof.

Section 11. No demand on the City of Las Vegas shall be allowed by the Board of City 
Commissioners in favor of any person in any way indebted to the City of Las Vegas without first deducting
such indebtedness, nor in favor of any officer, whose account shall not have been rendered and a
approved, or who shall have neglected or refused to perform any of the duties of his office.

Section 12. The Board of City Commissioners must not hear or consider any claim in favor

of an individual against the City unless an account, properly made out, stating all items of

the claim properly verified as to its correctness, and that the amount claimed is justly due
is presented to the Board of City Commissioners within the time specified in section 10 of
this ordinance.

Section 13, No account must be passed upon by the Board of City Commissioners unless made	out

as prescribed in the preceding section and filed with the City Clerk by twelve o'clock noon on

the day on which it is required to be heard.

Section 14. The form of demand against the City of Las Vegas together with the affidavit
that the account is correct, and no part of it is paid, shall be as follows:

City of Las Vegas, To,--------------- - — — ------ -Dr.

Las Vegas, Nevada- --------- 191 —

(setting forth demand as herein described)

State of Nevada) ss.

County of Clark) 

________________________________________________, being duly sworn, deposes and says that

the within is a true and just account against the City of Las Vegas, and that the same has not
been presented or allowed or rejected, nor any part thereof.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this_____________ ____________________________________________

day of___________________________191_______.

Clerk



By	Deputy Clerk.
 Section 15. No claim which has once been presented and rejected, shall ever again be considered
or allowed by the same, or any subsequently elected or appointed Board of city Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 16. The City Attorney shall attend the sittings of the Board of City commissioners when
engaged in auditing accounts claims brought against the City, and in all cases shall oppose such
accounts or claims as he may deem unjust, illegal or extortionate. The City Attorney, except for
his own services, shall not be allowed to present any claim, account, or demand for allowance
against the City, or in any way advocate the relief asked on a claim or demand by another.

Section 17. The Commissioner of Finance and Revenue shall have charge of and supervision over all
accounts and records of the City, and all officers, boards or departments required to keep
or make accounts, records or reports. He shall inspect or cause to be inspected all records or
accounts required to be kept in any of the offices or departments of the City, and shall cause
proper accounts and records to be kept and proper reports to be made. He shall audit or cause to
be audited at frequent intervals the accounts of every officer or employe who does or may receive
or disburse money. He shall have charge of the purchase, care and distribution of all supplies
and other articles not otherwise provided by law. He shall have charge and supervision over all
printing by or for the City, unless otherwise provided by law. He shall examine or cause to be
 examined, and report to the Board of City Commissioners, upon all bills, accounts, pay rolls

and claims before they are acted upon or allowed, unless otherwise provided by law.

The assessor, Treasurer, City Clerk, and License collector, and their respective offices
or departments, and all employees therein, and all bookkeepers and accountants are distributed
and assigned to the Department of Finance and Revenue, and shall be under the supervision and
direction of the commissioner thereof.

The Commissioner of Finance and Revenue shall procure from all persons and corporations 
operating public service utilities in the city such reports as they are by law or ordinance or 
otherwise required to make to the City, or any of its officers, and procure copies of such reports 
as are made to the State or any public office or department, and shall collect, or cause or to 
be collected, all license fees, franchises taxes, rentals or other moneys which may be due or
become due to the City. He shall report to the Board of City Commissioners any failure to make

reports or to pay moneys due to the city, with such recommendations in relation thereto as
he may deem proper. He shall whenever the city has authority so to do, cause to be examined
the accounts and records of any person or corporation operating a public service utility in the
City, and shall report to the Board of City commissioners any refusal to permit such examination
with such recommendations in relation thereto as he may deem proper. The commissioner of

Finance and Revenue shall have under his special charge the enforcement of all laws for the
assessment and collection of taxes of every Kind and the collection of all revenues belonging
to said City, from whatever source the same be derived.	

   Section 18. The Marshall, Chief of Police and police Department, and all policemen,
officers and employes therein, and all police stations and property and apparatus used in said
police Department; the Chief of Fire Department, and the Fire Department, and all fireman
officers and employes therein, and all fire stations and property and apparatus used in said
Fire Department; the fire and police alarm system, and all property and apparatus belonging
thereto; the City Physician, Board of Health, health officers, and all officers and employes
in their respective offices or in the Health Department of the City, and the City Hospital
and employes therein, and all buildings, property and apparatus belonging to or used in said
offices and departments; the inspector of Plumbing, City Electrician, Electrical inspector
and their offices, and all property and apparatus used therein, are all distributed and assigned
to the Department of the Police and Fire Commissioner. The police and Fire commissioner shall
 have charge of and supervision and direction over all officers and employes aligned to said

department, and over all said buildings, property and apparatus. He shall have charge of all


purchases of horses, apparatus and supplies for said departments, or the offices and departments
assigned thereto. He shall have supervision over the construction and repair of all buildings
assigned to said department, and may on application, receive assistance therein from other
officers and departments of the City. He shall also have and exercise all the powers and perform
all the duties prescribed for him by the Charter of the City.

   Section 19. The Commissioner of streets and Public property shall and exercise all the powers
and perform all the duties prescribed for him by law or the ordinances of the City, not in
conflict with the provisions of this Ordinance. He shall superintend the entire erection, making
and reconstruction of all streets improvements, side walks, bridges, viaducts, and public buildings
and other improvements, and the repair thereof, where not otherwise assigned. He shall have charge
of enforcing the provisions of law or ordinance relating to billboards and street signs. He shall
have charge of and supervision over the removal and disposition of garbage. He shall have control
and supervision over all public dumping grounds and dumps. He shall have charge of and supervision
over all boulevard and street parkings and park ways.

Section 20. The water works, sewerage and Light Commissioner shall have and exercise all the

powers and perform all the duties prescribed for him by law or the ordinance of the City, not in
conflict with the provisions of this ordinance. He shall have control and management and direction

of the lighting of streets and alleys, all public grounds and buildings not otherwise assigned,
and of all lamps, lights, lighting materials and persons charged with the care thereof. He shall
have supervision over all public service utilities, and all persons or corporations rendering
service in the City under any franchise, contract or grant made or granted by the City or its
predecessor in interest or state, and shall report to the Board of City Commissioners or other
proper officer any failure of said person or corporation to render service or to observe the
requirements or conditions of the franchise, contract or grant under which such public service
utility is operated.

    Section 21. The Mayor shall have and exercise all the powers and perform all the duties
provided or prescribed by law or ordinance of the City, not in conflict with the provisions
of this ordinance. The Mayor shall have general supervision and oversight over all 
departments and offices of the City; he shall have charge of and cause to be prepared and published
all statements and reports required by law or ordinance or by resolution of the Board of City
Commissioners, the city Attorney, Municipal Court, the police Judge, and all other officers
or functionaries not by law or ordinance distributed or assigned to some other department
are distributed and assigned to the Mayor.

Section 22. The City Attorney shall be legal adviser of the Board of City Commissioners and
all offices of the City, in all matters respecting the affairs of the City. He shall act as
attorney for the City in any and all legal proceedings in any and ail Courts in which the
City is a party or interested. He shall prosecute in the proper court for all offenses against
the provisions of the charter, the ordinances of the City and shall perform such other and
further duties as may be required of him by the Board of City Commissioners or prescribed by
ordinance. He shall be present at all meetings of the Board of City Commissioners, draw all
ordinances, orders, resolution and resolutions required by the Board of City Commissioners
he shall verify and file for record all claims of the City for leins for assessments imposed
for street improvements which remain unpaid, and shall preserve, protect and enforce the rights
of the City by prosecuting suits for the foreclosure of the same in the proper Courts, and shall
receive all moneys paid in by delinquent or otherwise realized in such proceedings, and shall,
without delay, pay over all such moneys to the City Clerk.

The foregoing having been read to the Board in for two meetings it was then upon
motion of McGovern and seconded by von Tobel and duly carried ordered that the same be passed
as read as an ordinance of said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the vote being cast as follows to-wit:-

Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern, aye, von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol
voting, aye,

Read the first time June 5th, 1912.

Read the second time July 3rd, 1912.	Approved, Peter Buol. Mayor.

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

( SEAL)

Affidavit of Publisher.





Ordinance No. 33.

An Ordinance Regulating the Distribution of Intoxicating Liquors, 

and Regulating places
where such Liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses, and repealing Ordinance No. 3, and all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. For the purposes of this Ordinance a retail liquor establishment and a 
wholesale liquor establishment are defined as follows:

A retail liquor establishment is defined to be a place where spirituous, vinous, malt or
mixed intoxicating liquors are sold, served or given away to be consumed only upon the premises;
provided that such liquors may be sold or given away in quantities not to exceed four and
nine tenths gallons to the same person or for the same persons use at any one time, to be
consumed off the premises, and contained in sealed or corked packages or in buckets.

A wholesale liquor establishment is defined to be a place where spirituous, vinous, malt
or mixed intoxicating liquors are sold, served or given away, or distributed from, in quantities
not less than five gallons, contained in sealed or corked packages or kegs, and not to be consumed
upon the premises where so sold, served, given away, or distributed from.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, corporation, social club or association

of persons of any kind whatsoever, to sell, serve or give away, or cause, or permit to be



served or given away, any spirituous, vinous, malt or intoxicating liquors in the City of Las
Vegas without a license so to do; provided, that such liquors may be served by a private family
in its home as a part of it's family life; and provided further, that the provisions of this 
section shall not apply to the sale or giving away therein by a druggist or druggist's clerk,
entitled to practice pharmacy under the laws of the State of Nevada, of pure alcohol (with or
without a physician's prescription) for medicinal, mechanical or scientific uses; nor shall
the provisions of this section extend to physicians, surgeons, apothecaries, or Chemists, as to
any wines or spirituous liquors which they may use in the preparation or compounding of medicines.

Proof of the possession by the person or persons charged with a violation of this Section
of a license, commonly called a Federal Liquor License, covering the selling, serving, giving
away, or distribution of spirituous, vinous, malt or mixed intoxicating liquors, issued by the
Internal Revenue Department of the United States to the said person or persons charged as
aforesaid with a violation of this Section, and in effect at the time and place alleged in the
complaint charging said violation, shall be prima facie evidence that the person or persons so

charged were at the time and place so charged, engaged in the business of selling, serving,

giving away, or distributing spirituous, vinous, malt or mixed intoxicating liquors, without a



license from the City of Las Vegas so to do, unless the holder of said so-called Federal Liquor
License shall satisfactorily establish by proof that he was actually engaged in conducting the
business of a drug store at the time and place charged, or that he held a license from the City
of Las Vegas so to do.

Any violation of any provision of this Section shall constitute a misdemeanor and shall be
punishable by a fine of not less than fifty dollars nor more than three hundred dollars, or by
imprisonment in the City Jail of Las Vegas for a period of not less than thirty days nor more
than six months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.	

Section 3. Whenever any person desires to open, Keep or conduct a wholesale or retail liquor
establishment in the City of Las Vegas, or engage in the business thereof, such person shall
make an application in writing to the Board of Commissioners of said City for permission to
obtain a liquor license and said application shall contain and set forth the following:

(a)	The name and residence of the applicant or applicants, and how long he or they have
resided in the City of Las Vegas.

(b)	The Kind of license desired (whether a wholesale liquor license or a retail liquor
license), and the particular place for which such license is desired, and the name of the owner
of the premises.

(c)	That the applicant or applicants are the only persons interested in the business asked
to be licensed, and that no other person or persons shall in any way be interested therein

during the continuance of the permission.	

(d)	Whether or not the applicant or applicants have had a permission for a license for the
sale of liquor in said City of Las Vegas, or in any other city or county, revoked during any time





preceding his or their application, and if so the cause of such revocation.

(e)	A statement that if such permit is granted and license issued, same shall be accepted
by applicant subject to the terms and provisions of this ordinance and to such other rules and
regulations as may at any time be adopted or enacted by the Board of Commissioners of said City
of Las Vegas.

(f)	Said application must be verified by the applicant or applicants therefor.

Section 4. The Board of City commissioners shall, if the applicant or applicants for permission
to obtain a liquor license is or are, in the opinion of the said Board, a proper person or persons
to carry on a liquor business, as mentioned in the ordinances of the City of Las Vegas, make an 
order that the City Clerk issue a license to such person or persons upon the payment to him of the sum

required for the particular kind of license applied for.



Sec. 5. When an applicant for a permit for a liquor license is a corporation or association, the application
may be verified by its president, secretary or manager; and in addition to the matters and things
by this ordinance herein before required to be set out in the application, there shall be set forth
the name of the person or persons who snail have the management of its business for which or in
connection with which a liquor license is desired, and the names of the persons composing its
Board of directors or governing body.

Section 6. Any permit for a liquor license at any time granted by the Board of City Commissioners
shall continue in force until the first day of January of the next succeeding year unless such
permit shall prior to such date have been rescinded, revoked or cancelled, or the license issued
thereunder declared forfeited; but the Board of City Commissioners may at any time, in its 
discretion, without notice, revoke, rescind or cancel any permit for a liquor license theretofore



granted and may cancel and declare forfeited any license issued, and every such licensee accepts
the permit and license subject to such right of revocation without notice; provided, however,
that if any such liquor license is declared forfeited or cancelled without the preferring of charges
against or charges against or the giving of notice to the holder thereof, there shall be on the
cancellation or forfeiture of such license, be returned to such former licensee, on his application
therefor, the pro rata portion of the license for the balance of the quarter year for which payment
 was theretofore made in advance, if neither the permit received nor the license granted under
the provisions of this ordinance be rescinded, revoked or cancelled, the licensee may receive his
license on the first day of each quarter during the year for which the permit was granted by paying
on said day the rate or amount of the license tax as herein above specified, such payment to be in
advance for such quarter and to be made in lawful money of the United States, at the office of the
City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 7. The holder of any permit shall be entitled to have the same renewed for any ensuing
year by the said Board of City Commissioners before the same so expires, upon the filing with said
Board of City Commissioners by the said holder of the verified application required by Sections
4 and 5 of this Ordinance. Upon the filing of such verified application, if the said Board of

City Commissioners find that the statements therein contained are true, and if the applicant or
applicants for renewal of permit is or are in the opinion of said Board, a proper person or persons
to continue to carry on said liquor business, shall re-issue the permit of the liquor establishment,
 the renewal of which is so applied for.

Section 8. The liquor licenses provided for in this Ordinance shall when issued be issued for a
quarter of a year and for the quarters ending on the 31st day of December, 31st day of March,

30th day of June and 30th day of September, and shall not be issued for a less period than a quarter
of a year, nor shall any license be issued to any person or persons, corporation, firm or

association which has not first procured a permit for license as herein before provided for.

 

Section 9. The rates for the liquor licenses provided for in this ordinance shall be and the

same are hereby fixed and established and the same shall be paid by all persons receiving such
licenses respectively as follows:

For a Retail Liquor License the sum of Thirty Dollars ($30.00) per quarter; provided that
retail drug stores shall not be required to pay more than Six Dollars ($6.00) per quarter for such
retail liquor license when the privilege only is desired the reunder of selling, serving or giving
away of liquors not to be consumed upon the premises of such retail drug store. When such license
 is desired the application for permit and the permit shall indicate that the license is applied

 for or granted, as the case may be, under the provisions of this Section relative to retail drug

		

stores, and the license issued shall also indicate that the same is granted to a retail drug
 store under the provisions of this Section. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation,
 owning, in charge of, or employed in a retail drug store handling liquor under such license
at such reduced price, to sell, serve, or give away, or cause or permit to be sold, served or
given away therein, any liquor to be drunk or consumed upon the premises; and it snail be unlawful
for any person, firm or corporation owning, in charge of, or employed in such retail drug store
handling liquors under such license at such reduced price, to cause, permit or allow any liquor
to be drunk or consumed upon the premises thereof.

For a Wholesale Liquor License the sum of Ten Dollars ($10.00) per quarter.

No license shall be issued for any quarter until the payment for such quarter has been made.

Section 10. It shall be unlawful for any person or firm owning, conducting or having charge of the
business of a retail liquor establishment, or any employee of the same, to sell, serve, or give
away, or cause or permit to be sold, served or given away in such establishment at any one time
and to or for the use of the same person, any spirituous, vinous, malt or mixed intoxicating

	

		

liquors in excess of four and nine tenths gallons to be consumed off the premises of such 
establishment.

It shall be unlawful for any person or firm, owning conducting or having charge of the business
of a retail liquor establishment, or any employee of the same, to sell, serve or give away, or
cause or permit to be sold, served or given away any intoxicating liquor in such establishment,
to be consumed off the premises except in sealed or corked packages or in buckets.

Section 11. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation conducting or having
charge of the business of a wholesale liquor establishment, or any employee thereof, to sell,
serve or give away, or cause or permit to be sold, served or given away, on the premises of such
wholesale liquor establishment any spirituous, vinous, malt or mixed intoxicating liquors except
in sealed or corked packages or in kegs.

Section 12. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation owning, in charge of, or
employed in a wholesale liquor establishment, to sell, serve or give away, or cause or permit to
be sold, served or given away therein, any liquor to be drunk or consumed upon the premises; and
it shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation owning, in charge, of, or employed in a 
wholesale liquor establishment to cause, permit or allow any liquor to be drunk or consumed upon
the premises thereof.

Section 13. It shall be unlawful within the City of Las Vegas, in the night time, after twelve

o'clock midnight, for any person to play or make a noise upon or caused to be played any musical

instrument of any kind whatsoever in any drinking saloon or in any room used or conducted in

connection with such saloon, or in the premises where such saloon is conducted or to permit or

allow the same by the proprietor, agent, employee or manager thereof.

Section 14. Any violation of this Ordinance, or any of the provisions thereof, or any of

the prohibitions thereof, or any of the requirements thereof, shall constitute a misdemeanor, and

unless punishment is otherwise prescribed in this ordinance, shall be punishable by a fine not

to exceed Three Hundred Dollars ($300.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail of Las Vegas for

a period not to exceed six months, or by both such fine and imprisonment; and any owner or 

proprietor of any kind of liquor establishment, place or drug store subject to the provisions of this

Ordinance who shall violate or permit a violation of this Ordinance, or any of the provisions thereof, 

in such liquor establishment, place or drug store, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and

unless punishment is otherwise specifically provided in this ordinance, shall be punishable by

a fine not to exceed Three Hundred Dollars ($300), or by imprisonment in the City Jail of Las Vegas

for a period not to exceed six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 15. Whenever it appears or has been shown to the satisfaction of the Board of City

Commissioners that any licenses under the provisions of this ordinance, or any of his servants

or employees has been in an intoxicated condition while in or about the premises or business for

or in connection with which a liquor license has been issued, or has sold or served liquor to any

minor or to any intoxicated person, or that any game or other transaction in violation of any

state law or city ordinance, or any gambling of any kind has been conducted, carried on or suffer

or allowed to be conducted, or has existed or been done in or about such premises, or that any such

licenses, or any of his servants or employees, has committed or permitted any breach of the peace

or any disorderly conduct at or about said premises, or that such licensee has violated or failed



to keep any of the terms of this ordinance, or that any holder of a liquor license has sold, furnished, served



or given away intoxicating liquors in manner or time other than is allowed by such license held by

him, then such license shall by resolution of said Board be declared forfeited and cancelled, and

the permit therefor be rescinded and revoked, and thereupon and thenceforth it shall be unlawful



for such person or former licensee to sell, furnished, serve or give away any of the liquors whatsoever



in this ordinance mentioned in said City.

Section 16. Wherever under the terms of this ordinance the Board of City Commissioners are
invested with the power to punish violations thereof, or to revoke permits because of such
violations, said Board, should it deem revocation of the permit as punishment for the case

in hand too severe, shall have the authority to impose the punishment of suspending the offender's
 right to carry on the kind of liquor establishment specified ill his permit for a period of
not exceeding sixty (60) days.

Section 17. No permit granted nor license issued under this ordinance can be assigned except to a
bona fide purchaser of the business to which it relates or in connection with which it was granted
or issued, and after the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said City upon an application
therefor filed, containing in addition to the requirements herein before specified for obtaining an
original license, a statement setting forth such transfer, or proposed transfer, of the business.
Such application must be verified by both assignor and assignee.

Section 18. A separate liquor license must be obtained for each branch establishment or separate
place of business in which the business is carried on for which or in connection with which the
license is issued, and each license shall authorize the party obtaining it to carry on the business
or to do the acts thereby permitted only at the location or place of business designated in the
permit therefor and indicated in the license.

Section 19. That Ordinance No. 3, entitled "An ordinance providing for the Licensing of Saloons
Barrooms and Places Where intoxicating Liquors are sold," and all ordinances amendatory thereto
or thereof and all other ordinances in conflict with this ordinance be and the same are hereby
repealed; provided, that any such repeal shall not affect or prevent the prosecution or punishment
 of any person, firm or corporation for any act done or permitted in violation of any ordinance
which may be repealed by this ordinance, and shall not affect any prosecution or action which
may be pending in any court for the violation of any ordinance repealed by this ordinance.

Section 20. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force after its passage and publication
for one week in the Clark County Review.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting
of the City Board of Commissioners held on the 7th day of August, 1912, and read for the second
time and passed at its meeting on the 4th day of September, 1912, by the following vote, to-wit:
Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern, Von Tobel, and Mayor Peter Buol voting aye. Noes none.
(SEAL)

Attest Harley A. Harmon

City Clerk	Approved this 4th day of September, 1912.

Peter Buol
Mayor.

Affidavit of Publisher.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 33 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached
is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue, on the following date, to-wit
September 14, 1912.

Chas. C Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th day of November, 1912.

Harley A. Harmon

City Clerk.
Ordinance No. 34.



An Ordinance granting to Las Vegas Land & Water Company, its successors and assigns, a Franchise
to construct, Operate and Maintain Transmission Lines for Electric Light and power Purposes and
for Telephone and Telegraph Purposes in portions of the City of Las Vegas.

The Board of commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. A franchise, right and privilege is hereby given and granted by the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to Las Vegas Land &

Water Company, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, its
successors and assigns to construct, install, operate, maintain, repair and manage transmission
lines in, through, over, along and across each and all of those certain streets and alleys of the
City of Las Vegas, in Clark County, State of Nevada, viz:

Beginning at a point in the westerly side of Main street at its intersection with Bridger
street; thence easterly along Bridger street to the alley in Block 21 of said Townsite; thence
southerly along the alleys and across the intersecting streets to the northerly line of Garces
street.

Also beginning at a point in the alley of Block 26 of said townsite at its intersection with

the southerly line of Clark street; thence southerly along the alleys and across the intersecting

streets to the northerly line of said Garces street.

Also beginning at a point in the alley of Block 39 of said townsite at its intersection
with the southerly line of said Clark street; thence southerly along the alleys and across the
intersecting streets to the northerly line of said Garces street.

Also beginning at a point in Bonneville street at its intersection with the alley in Block 24

of said townsite; 	thence easterly along said Bonneville street to an intersection with the

alley in Block 40 of said townsite, for the purpose of conducting electric energy for light and
power purposes, and for telephone and telegraph purposes, together with connections, laterals
and all necessary and proper appliances used in connection therewith that it may be necessary

or desirable to install to furnish light and power and telephones for private, household, and
other purposes, to residences, buildings or other structures that may be situated upon blocks
23, 24, 25, 26, 39, 40, and the westerly half of block 22 of Clarks Las Vegas Townsite, City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and to the inhabitants and users thereof for
all necessary and useful purposes.

Section 2. That for the purpose of maintaining said transmission lines and of extending the same
from time to time as necessity may require, the said grantee is, and his successors and assigns
are, hereby given and granted a right of way over and through the streets and alleys heretofore
described in Section 1 of this franchise with the right to make the necessary excavations in
the said streets and alleys in order to place their poles therein and to make all necessary
repairs to said transmission lines or any part thereof.

Section 3. in consideration of the grant of franchise, right and privilege hereby granted,
the said grantee, its successors and assigns agree:

(A)	That all poles used for the purpose of said transmission lines shall not be less than
30 feet in height and the wire strung thereon shall not be less than 25 feet above the ground,
and that said lines shall be installed with good material and in a workman-like manner and at
all times kept in good repair, and all wires strung after the passage of this ordinance shall
be, and shall at all times be kept, fully and properly insulated; and all wires now upon said
poles shall be fully and properly insulated within one year after the passage of this ordinance.

(B)	To make at its own expense any openings in lines necessary at any time to permit the
moving of houses or other property along the public streets or alleys.

(C) Move at its own expense any pole or poles or other appurtenances that it may be necessary

 to move to best serve the interests of the public, when ordered to do so by said city.
(D) That said City of Las Vegas shall be saved harmless; and shall not be held liable for
any damage to persons or property, caused in any manner by said transmission lines except as
hereinafter provided.

Said City of Las Vegas shall have the right during the term of this franchise to install
and maintain upon said transmission line, wire or wires and necessary appurtenances to operate
fire and police alarm systems, provided, however, that said City shall hold said Las Vegas Land &
Water Company harmless for accident or injury to persons or property that may be caused by
such police or fire alarm systems, and any accident or injury to persons engaged in the installation
operation or maintenance of said alarm system.

Section 4. The rights and privileges herein granted snail continue in force and effect for
the term of 25 years from and after the time this ordinance goes into effect.

Section 5. The grantee under this franchise will not furnish, charge or collect for electric
current except to the inhabitants or structures situated on Blocks 23, 24, 25, 26, 39, 40 and
the westerly half of block 22 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite of said City of Las Vegas, except
for public school purposes, and the maximum rates which may be charged and collected for 
furnishing electric current for lighting and power purposes to the inhabitants thereof snail be as
follows:

For electric current consumed up to, but not in excess of twenty (20) Kilowatt hours during
one month, twenty cents per Kilowatt hour.

CURRENT IN EXCESS OF	AND	NOT IN EXCESS OF

20 KWH	 40 KWH	$ .19

40	50	.185

50	60	.18

60	70	.175

70	80	.17

80	90	.165

90	100	.16

100	110	.155

110	120	.15

120	130	.145

130	140	.14

140	150	.135

150	160	.13

160	170	.125

170	180	.12

180	190	.115

190	200	.11

Over 200	.10

However if the grantee so desires, it may charge a flat rate per month for electric current

       consumed, the maximum rates to be charged and collected to be as follows:

For dwellings of four rooms or less $4.00 per month

For dwellings in excess of four rooms $1.00 per month per room.

Section 6. The grantee herein, its successors and assigns are further hereby authorized and
empowered to establish and enforce among others the following rules and regulations pertaining
to light and power system:

First. All bills for service snail be due and payable on the first day of each month for



light or power furnished during the previous month and shall be delinquent on the 15th of each
month.

Second. The grantee reserves the right to shut off light and power without notice for the
purpose of making repairs or extension.

Third. Bills will become delinquent on the 15th of each month and if not paid at the 
company's office before the 15th, 25 cents will be added for delinquency and a collector will call
at the premises and receive payment or leave formal notice, and if bill remains unpaid five days
after date thereof the light and power will be shut off and will not be turned on again for the
same occupant of the premises, except on payment of the full amount due and one dollar (1.00)
added thereto for collecting and turning on, and delinquency.

Fourth. The rate for any service not herein specifically enumerated, by the month or 
otherwise, shall be fixed by the grantee: Provided, however, that the City of Las Vegas shall have
the power to regulate and change the rates from time to time as may seem just and proper, the
same not to exceed the maximum rates provided herein, but no rate shall be changed by the said
City of Las Vegas for one year after the same has been fixed, and that notice of intention to
change rates shall be given to the local agent of the grantee thirty days prior to the date set
for the consideration of such changes, at which time the grantee may appear and have a hearing.

Fifth. In case of failure or non-compliance upon the part of the grantee to fulfill and
carry out any and all of the provisions mentioned in this franchise, then and in that event, the
same shall become null and void and of no effect, and shall work a forfeiture of all rights
and privileges granted or intended to be granted.

Sixth. Subject to the provisions of this grant and to the foregoing schedule of rates and
charges, the grantee herein, its successors and assigns, may make any and all reasonable rules
and regulations covering the use of light and power transmission service and to prevent any waste
thereof by consumers or any damage to its transmission lines or appurtenances during the life of
this franchise, provided, however, that the City of Las Vegas shall have the power to change the
rules and regulations from time to time as in their judgment may seem just and proper.

Seventh. It is further provided that whenever said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, its 
successors or assigns, wholly abandons the use and operation of said transmission lines for the
purposes covered by this grant, or upon the forfeiture of this franchise, as provided herein
then the said grantee snail remove said lines, poles and appurtenances from the streets and alleys
of said city within sixty days from the date that said company so abandons the use and operation

of said lines, or within sixty days from the declaration of forfeiture, as the case may be.

Eighth. The franchise hereby granted supersedes the permit to construct and maintain a
pole line along certain streets and alleys described in this franchise granted by the board of
city commissioners of the said City of Las Vegas on the 26th day of March, 1912.

Ninth. This ordinance shall be in force and effect from and after its passage and publication

 for the period of one week as required by law, and the filing with the city clerk of Las
Vegas of an unconditional acceptance by the grantee of the conditions contained herein, 
provided same is filed within thirty days after the passage thereof. The cost of publishing this



ordinance shell be paid by the grantee.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners and approved this 2nd day of October, 1912 upon
the following vote:

Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern, Von Tobel and Mayor, Aye.

First Reading, September 4th, 1912.

Second Reading, October 2nd, 1912.

Approved:	Peter Buol.

Mayor.

Attest:	Harley A. Harmon.

City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publisher.

*

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the

United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County

		

Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark

County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 34 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada of which the

attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue, on the following

date, to wit:	October 14, 1912.

Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 20th day of November, 1912.

Harley A. Harmon.

City Clerk.
	Ordinance No. 35.

An ordinance amending section 2 of ordinance No. 1, of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "an
Ordinance fixing the licenses on Divers Businesses, and occupations pursued in Las Vegas,"

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1, Section 2, of ordinance No. l, of the city of Las Vegas, entitled "An ordinance
Fixing The licenses on Divers Businesses and Occupations pursued in Las Vegas," is hereby
amended to read as follows:

Section 2, The occupations, avocations, callings and businesses hereby taxed and licensed

and the rates of licenses and taxation are as follows, viz:

For each and every Grocery store	$5.00 per quarter

For each general merchandise and gents furnishing store.	$5.00	"	"

For each second store hand	$5.00	"	"

For each hotel	$5.00	"	"

For each Jewelry store and watch repairing establishment	$3.25	"	"

For each rooming house, capable of entering four or more guests	$2.50	"	"

For each restaurant	$2.50	"	"

For each confectionery or cigar store or cigar and confectionery store	$3.25	"	"

For each steam or power laundry	$5.00	"	"

For each livery stable		$5.00	"

For each Lumber yard	$5.00	"

For each dealer or firm of dealers in real estate	$5.00	"	"

For each butcher shop or meat market	$5.00	"	"

For each shoemaker or cobbler shop	$2.50	"	"

For each dealer in wood or fuel	$3.25	"	"

For each Drug store	$5.00	"

For each tin shop operated as a separate enterprise	$5.00	"	"

For each paint store	$3.25	"	"

For each general repair shop	$5.00	"	"

FOr each newspaper and job printing establishment	$5.00	"	"

Fop each dealer in Ice	$10.00	"	"

For each insurance agent and solicitor	$5.00	"	"

For each surveyor, assayer or civil engineer	$5.00	"

For each shooting gallery	$5.00	"	"

For each bakery	$5.00	"	"

For each ice cream parlor	$3.25	"

For each Palmist, Astrologer, Fortune Teller, Clairvoyant and phrenologist	$5.00	"	"

For each Merry Go-round or carousel	$5.00	"	"

For each barber shop	$3.25	"

For each Photographer	$3.25	"	"

For each blacksmith shop                                                                                                        $3.25	"	"

For each tailoring and cleaning shop	$3.25	"	"

For each millinery establishment	$3.25	"	"

For each banker or broker	$7.50	"	"

For each manufacturer of soda water	$5.00	"

For each patent agency medicine	$5.00	"	"

For each dray and express wagon	$5.00	"	"

For each building and loan association or agent thereof	$10.00	"	"

For each fruit and lemonade stand	$3.25	"

For each boot and shoe store		$3.25	"	"

For each undertaking and establishment		$7.50	"

For each theatre or moving picture show	$7.50	"	"

For each boot black stand occupying street or side walk space	$2.50 "	"

For each trade and merchandise paying slot machine	$15.00 " "

For each lawyer or firm of lawyers	$5.00	"	"'

For each firm or firm of doctors.	$5.00	"	"

For each dentist or firm of dentists	$5.00	"	"

For each electrician	$3.25	"	"

This ordinance shall take effect from and after its passage and publication for one week in

the Clark County Review.

Passed by the Board of Commissioners this 4th, day of December A.D. 1912. upon the following



vote; Commissioners Coughlin, Stewart, McGovern, Ed Von Tobel, Mayor Peter Buol. Noes, None.

First reading November 6th, 1912.

SEAL Second reading December 4th, A.D. 1912.

Attest: Harley A. Harmon Clerk	Approved: Peter Buol. Mayor.

Affidavit of the Publisher.

Chas C. Corkhill being first duly sworn, deposes and says; That he is a citizen of he United
States over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review a
weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
and that the ordinance No. 35 of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, of which the attached is a true
and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue on the following date to-wit; December

21st, 1912. Subscribed and sworn to before me this 8th, day of January A.D. 1913. C. C. Corkhill

Harley A. Harmon, Clerk
	Ordinance No. 36.		 

 An ordinance providing for the issuance of plumbing and sewer connection permits, for the inspection

 of plumbing and sewer connections and for the regulation and construction of plumbing work in
 the City of Las Vegas.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do ordain as follows;

Section 1. Any person or persons carrying on, conducting assuming control of, constructing

or causing to be constructed, either as owner or otherwise, any plumbing or house drainage

affecting the sanitary conditions of any house or building within the limits of then City of Las

Vegas, shall apply to the plumbing inspector of said City for a permit so to do, at the same

time filing with said plumbing inspector a plan or drawing and description of the work proposed

to be constructed before any part of said work shall be commenced, and no part of said work shall

be done until after the plumbing inspector has approved of the plans and drawings and description

and issued a permit for the proposed work to be done, in accordance with the rules and regulations

hereinafter set forth and provided for. In case where a building permit is necessary, the

plumbing permit will not be issued until after the building permit has been issued.



Section 2. All work done shall be subject to inspection, and notice must be given to the plumbing
inspector by the contractor or owner doing said worK or having the same done, as soon as said work
 is ready for inspection, the plumber to have a competent man on the work at the time of inspection.



A charge of one dollar will be made for every extra visit made by the inspector. A charge of fifty

cents will be made for the inspection of rough work and also for the inspection of finished work

and fifteen cents for each opening, but no work will be accepted by the inspector until the

above mentioned charges are paid into the office of the plumbing inspector. All work must be left

uncovered convenient for examination until inspected and approved by the plumbing Inspector.

Such inspection shall be made within forty-eight hours of such notification being received by the

 said plumbing inspector, and no plans shall be changed without the permission of said plumbing

inspector. The inspecting officer may apply the water pepperment or smoke test; and all necessary

tools, labor and assistance for such test shall be furnished by such person or persons assuming

control of the work, and such person or persons shall remove or repair any defective material

or work when  so ordered by the inspecting officer. Any soil pipe, drain pipe, trap, water closet,

urinal, sink, or other fixtures set up or fitting or fittings laid, used or constructed otherwise

than in accordance with these regulations, or which shall in the opinion of the Plumbing

Inspector, be or become of bad or defective quality shall, upon notice, either verbal or in writing,
	

from said plumbing inspector, be removed or repaired in the manner determined, and within the time fixed
by the inspecting officer, and it shall be unlawful for any person or persons to occupy or make use

of any house or buildings where the plumbing work has been constructed in accordance with the	





regulations of this ordinance, unless the owner, agent or lessee of said building, shall have

secured a final certificates of acceptance from the plumbing inspector duly signed by such officer.

Section 3. The plumbing inspector shall not issue a permit to any person or persons to do any

plumbing or house drainage work until said person or persons has or have registered his or her

name or names and addresses or address in a book kept for that purpose. It will not be necessary

to obtain a permit in case of repairs, which are defined as follows; leaks in drains, soil, waste

or vent pipes; but should any trap, soil pipe, waste or vent pipe be or become bad and defective



and it be necessary to remove and replace with sound material in any part or parts a permit must be
procured and inspection made as herein provided.

Section 4. Every house or building in, or for which any house drainage or plumbing arrangements
are constructed, shall be separately and independently connected with an accepted City sewer, 
when such sewer is constructed upon the street or alley upon which the property abuts or when	

such house or building is within 200 feet of such sewer, provided that in case it is impractical
or burdensome to so connect each house separately, the plumbing inspector shall designate the

manner of connection in conformity with necessary sanitary precaution, and, in case there is



no sewer constructed on such street or alley, said house or building may be connected with a 
cesspool not less	than 4x4 feet wide and 10 feet deep or of not less than 160 cubic feet capacity

If no water closet is connected to said cess pool, and if a water closet is connected, said
cess pool shall not be less than 6x6 feet wide and 10 feet deep or of not less than 360 cubic
feet capacity, or larger, at the discretion of the owner of the property; said cess pool, to
be located at a distance of not less than five feet from any property line and not less than l0

feet from any dwelling, and shall be covered with a strong and firm brick arch or a red wood

cover dipped in crude oil or tar, not less than 12 Inches below the surrounding surface of the
ground: provided however that when a building is on the rear of a lot on the front of which
another building, the plumbing work of the building, which is on the rear may be connected
with the plumbing work of the building in front, and it shall be unlawful for any person or
persons to use or occupy any house or building in the City of Las Vegas in or for which any house
draining or plumbing arrangements are constructed, unless such house drainage or plumbing 
arrangements are connected with an accepted cesspool, or sewer.

Section 5. Every outside dry closet shall be placed over a vault of at least 160 cubic feet
capacity, which shall be vented by a stack not less than 4x4 Inches and extending one foot above
the highest point of the roof, and all openings between the closet and the vault shall be kept
effectively covered.

Section 6. Each and every cesspool shall be vented through a main stack which must be 
constructed for that purpose, or by such means as may be directed by the plumbing Inspector.

Section 7. All soil and waste pipes to a point three feet outside the exterior wall of the
 building shall be cast iron, not less than four inches internal diameter, and shall be carried
in undiminished size up to the highest point of the roof or fire walls, in all new work, and
in an old building when it is impractical to reach the highest point of the roof, to a point
as nearly central of the lot and as high as practical as designated in writing by the plumbing
Inspector, and shall not terminate within eight feet of any window, air shaft or opening off
any house or building and the same shall be further removed if the inspecting officer shall
 consider it necessary. All drains outside of the building and to the street sewer or cesspool
shall be first grade vitrified pipe, or cast iron pipe, internal diameter not less than four
  inches. Stoneware piping shall not be allowed within two feet of the exterior walls of any
  building, neither shall any vitrified pipe come within twelve inches of the surface of the
  ground throughout its entire course. The jointing of each and every section of vitrified piping
 must be completely and uniformly filled with the best Portland Cement, two parts of cement and
one part of sand, and every joint throughly cleaned from the inside, so as not to form and
obstruction. The different sections must be laid in perfect line on the bottom and on the

sides with a fall of not less than one-quarter of an inch per foot toward the street sewer
or cesspool. This piping must be made perfectly water-tight; it shall not be covered or 
concealed in any way until it has been properly tested by the inspecting officer. All changes in
direction shall be made with curves of Y branches and all connections with Y branches and
one-eight bends.

Section 8. Every sink, water closet, slop hopper, bath tub, and each tray, or set of wash

trays or other vessel or vessels connected with the drain pipe directly or indirectly must

be separately, independently and effectually trapped and vented, the trap must be placed as



 near the fixture as possible, and on no case further than two feet from the fixture. All sinks
 in kitchens and also all wash bowls or trays in engine rooms, factories foundaries, machine
  shops and railroad round houses shall be provided with a suitable and approved grease trap. No

 wooden wash trays or sinks or slop hoppers shall be maintained, constructed or used inside of
___


any building or porch. All wash trays and sinks maintained, used or constructed in any building
 shall be of non-absorbent material. No union coupling of any description shall be used in



or connection with concealed work. No rubber connection shall be used. Drum trap may be used



     only in bath tub connections.

Section 9. All traps or fixtures shall be separately and effectively vented and all special air
pipes within a radius of twelve feet, should converge into one pipe; the size of the same to be
governed by the provisions of sections Eleven hereof, and to be extended up to the
highest point of the roof or at such point as the plumbing inspector may designate, or be 
conducted into the main stack, not less than six inches above the top of the highest fixture in
the system, or not less than three feet above the floor line, water pipes from refrigerators
or other receptacles in which provisions are stored, shall not be connected with a drain, soil
pipe or other waste pipe, unless such waste pipes are provided with trap, suitably ventilated
and in every case there shall be an open trap between trap and refrigerator. Water closets
apartments shall be open in to the open air, or be ventilated by means of a window, air shaft or
duct.

Section 10. No brick, sheet metal, earthenware or chimney flue shall be used as a sewer
ventilator or to ventilate any trap, drain, soil or waste pipes except by special permission
of the Board of City Commissioners.

Section 11. The plumbing inspector, in approving or accepting work of any and all persons
carrying on or conducting, assuming controlconstructing or causing to be constructed, any
plumbing or house drainage affecting the sanitary condition of any house or building in said
City shall be governed by the following regulations, and it shall be unlawful for any person to
fail, neglect or refuse to comply with the same, upon notice so to do, where work is already
constructed and not in the construction of new work;

                                                                  																																																																																																										  First: No water closet excepting 

Flushometer closets shall be put into, or upon any property,

house or building except those flushed by a tank containing not less than four gallons of water.



plunger closets, Philadelphia hopers, Pan closets, or any other closets where the supply to the bowl
is direct from the street service or building supply, are prohibited from being installed in
all cases upon and after the passage of this ordinance.

Second: A Fixture that is a top fixture on a vertical stack, and not more than two feet from
the inlet to the stack need not have its trap re-vented, provided it does not discharge into the
stack, below the level of its seal. All traps shall set true to their water seals.

Third: All soil pipes and fittings in buildings, four or more stories, shall be cast iron,
and of the grade known as extra heavy, and the following weight per linear foot; Four inches,

13 pounds, five inches, 17 pounds; six inches, 20 pounds. Houses of three stories or less may
have standard pipe fittings, all soil pipes shall be carried up full size up to the highest
point on the roof and left without cowl or cap.

Fourth: No fixture shall be trapped by having its outlet connected with the trap of another
fixture.

Fifth: All soil or waste pipes, three inches or more in diameter, must be of cast iron
coated inside and out with tar or lead.

Sixth: Before the fixtures are placed in connection with the plumbing of any house or
building, or any portion of the drainage system is covered or concealed from view, the outlet
of the soil pipe and all the openings into it below the top shall be hermetically sealed; the
pipe shall then be filled with water to the highest point in the system. Defective pipes and
fittings of their different kinds, must be removed and replaced by sound material; cement
work of any description is prohibited except for grease traps and every part of the work shall
conform to these rules and regulations, and shall be subject to the approval of the plumbing
inspector.

Seventh. All joints in cast iron soil pipes, whether inside of the building or otherwise
shall be made with pig lead and oakum and throughly caulked.

Eight: All vents pipes and their fittings must be either cast iron, or wrought iron or standard
  weight or extra heavy. All vents and extensions above the highest fixture, if cast iron, may
  be standard pipe.

Ninth: All vertical stacks or soil and waste pipes shall be provided with a brass trap screw

ferrule at the foot and also in other places where the inspecting officer may think necessary.

The screw ferrule shall be the same diameter as the waste stack or lateral run. All changes
	

of direction of soil or water pipes shall be made with full Y branches and one eight bend; sanitary
T's shall not be used except in perpendicular stacks. All clean outs shall be extended to outside
of walls of some convenient point satisfactory to the Plumbing Inspector.

Tenth: All connection between lead piping shall be joined by wiped joints, connections between
soil pipes and lead or wrought iron pipe and lead, shall be made with brass ferrules or brass
solder nipples, their joints shall be wiped. Bolted or copper bit, cup or flush solder joints
arc prohibited in all cases.

Eleventh: Waste pipes in all cases shall be of lead, or cast iron, of the following sizes: for
		

  bath tubs, laundry trays,  urinals, wash basins, each not less than one and one half inches, a



  sink two inches and to have clean out plug slop hoppers not less than two inches. A water closet

placed in an isolated building shall be vented by a pipe the top of which is not less than

fifteen feet above the ground.



Twelfth: All traps and vents shall be the same size as the wastes, provided that if more than
one fixture shall be vented, the size of such pipe snail be as follows: for mere than one and
not exceeding two fixtures, one and one-half inches; for more than two and not exceeding eighty
two inches; for more than eight and not exceeding twelve, two and one half inches, for more
than twelve and not exceeding twenty three inches.

Thirteen: Crown vent pipes from water closets, slop hoppers or slop sink shall not be less

than two inches, and where more than one water closet, slop hopper, or slop sink is vented
through the same pipe the size shall be as follows: For more than one and not to exceed four

closets, slop hoppers or slop sinks, two inches; for more than four and not to exceed eight,
two and one half inches; for more than eight and not to exceed fourteen, three inches; for more
than fourteen and not to exceed twenty four, four inches. Any vent pipe running in a horizontal
direction shall not exceed fifteen feet in length, and shall have a fall of not less than one-quarter
 inch per foot.

Fourteen: All vents shall rise perpendicular to six inches above fixtures to prevent backwater
entering vents. In no case shall any fixture waste be erected in the bend of the trap.

Fifteen: No private vault, cesspool, exhaust from engine or blow off from boiler shall be
connected with a house drain or sewer.

Sixteenth. Every water closet, sink, bath tub, basin or other fixture maintained within any
house or building that are of bad or defective quality, and are removed and replaced with other
fixtures of their representative class, shall have their traps vented in accordance with this
ordinance.

Seventeenth: All plumbing or house drainage work done replace any that may be condemned by
the Board of health or the Board of City Commissioners or by the Plumbing inspector shall be
considered as new work and constricted in conformity with the requirements of this ordinance;
and no person or persons shall connect or cause to be connected any plumbing or house drainage
work with any public sewer unless the said plumbing and house drainage work conforms to the
requirements of this ordinance.

Eighteen. No building other structure shall be used or occupied as a factory, laundry,
tenement or lodging house or place on which or where human beings reside or work, unless such
building is provided with one or more water closets, for every twenty-five occupants, workers

employes or residents or fraction thereof, in such building or structure. There shall be separate
water closets provided for two (2) sexes. Where vent pipes branch into one another, and where
they branch into soil pipes, the branch fittings must not be less than three feet from the floor
line. Nineteenth: When anything is prohibited in this ordinance, not only the person actually
doing the prohibited thing, but also the employes, and all other persons actively concerned

therein, shall be liable upon conviction to be prescribed.

Twentieth: Upon the removal or alteration of any building or the making of any audition thereto,

if any new plumbing fixtures are placed in such building, either in the old or new part of such
building, then both such original and additional fixtures and any altered plumbing whatsoever,
must comply in all respects with the rules and regulations prescribed in this ordinance.

Twenty first: All openings into house connections where water is admitted, except through water
closets, must be protected by screens with meshes of not to exceed one half (½) inch.

Twenty second. No privy vault or cesspool shall be maintained or allowed after one year from
the date of the passage of this ordinance, in any part of the City where a sewer exists in the
street or alley upon which the property abuts. In case a new sewer main is laid no privy vault

or cesspool shall be maintained or allowed after one year from the date of its completion upon
any property abutting thereon.

Section 12. No connection shall be made with any public sewer of the City of Las Vegas until
a permit therefor be first obtained from the plumbing inspector of said City.

An application for such permit shall be made on blanks furnished by the plumbing Inspector by
the owner of the premises sought to be drained, or by his duly authorized agent, and it shall
certify the location of the premises, by lot and block, or other accurate description, and
the character of the building with which the connection is desired, its condition as do plumbing
and the name of the plumber to be employed to so said work. If such is desired for a building
for which a certificate of acceptance of the plumbing therein has been theretofore issued under

this ordinance then the plumbing inspector may issue such permit upon the conditions herein
specified; but if no such certificate of acceptance has been theretofore issued for such premises
sought to be connected, then it shall be the duty of the plumbing inspector to carefully examine
all the plumbing to be used with said sewer connection, and if such plumbing be found to be

		

properly and effectively vented with at least one and one-fourth (1¼) inch pipe, and all the
openings into the house connections protected by screens, as required by subdivision 21 of 
section 11, hereof, and if such plumbing be found to be in a sanitary condition, the plumbing
inspector shall issue a certificate of acceptance of such plumbing, and the permit for the

sewer connection may then be granted; but if such plumbing does not substantially conform to
said requirements the plumbing inspector shall notify the applicant for such permit wherein it
is defective, and upon such defects being remedied he may issue his certificate of acceptance
thereof and grant the application for a permit for a sewer connection.

All permits for sewer connection shall be designated the position of the "Y" branch of the
street where such connection s may be made, as shown by the records of the office of the City
Clerk's office, and shall be granted only upon conditions to be inserted therein that the drainage
and plumbing connections therewith shall be executed, and at all times maintained and used
strictly in accordance with the provisions of this ordinance, and the amendments thereto, and
upon the further condition that the permit may be revoked and forfeited by the Board of City
Commissioners at any time after due notice given upon the refusal, failure or neglect of the
owner or any tenant or occupant of said premises to observe the provisions of this ordinance

including the amendments thereto, the plumbing inspector shall charge and collect two dollars



($2.00) for each permit for a sewer connection.

Section 13. All connections made with public sewer of the City of Las Vegas shall



be made under the supervision of the plumbing inspector and he shall be notified when any
such work is ready for inspection, and the same must be left exposed for examination until
inspected and approved by him. He may apply the water test or any such test as he may deem

necessary, and the plumber who has done the work shall furnish tools, labor and assistance
necessary for such test; and he shall remove or repair any defective material or work
when so required by said plumbing inspector.

Section 14. All excavations and trenches in any public street or alley for sewer connections
 shall be made subject to and in conformity with existing ordinances relating thereto, and to
any other ordinances or regulations that may be hereafter made concerning the sewer or excavations
in public streets or alleys.

Section, 15, All connections made with public sewers of said City shall be made in the following
manner and with such materials as are hereinafter set forth, to-wit:-

Pipe. All pipe shall be first class vitrified, salt glazed, socket of not less than four (4)

 inches in internal diameter and in pieces of two feet in length.

Bends. Proper bends shall be used in connecting the pipe leading to the house with the "Y"
said bends shall have an internal diameter of four (4) inches.

Materials. The material used shall be equal in quality and the manner of laying shall be up to
the standard for laying public sewers in the City of Las Vegas.

Grade and Line, the grade shall be straight from the property line to the public sewer and no
flatter than one quarter (¼) inch to the foot, unless otherwise allowed by the plumbing inspector.
Where laid within the limits of a street or alley it shall not be less than three (3) feet below
the established grade of the same, or below the surface if no grade is established, unless by special
permit in writing from the plumbing inspector in all cases the line of pipe must be straight from
the property line to bend at "Y".

Section 16. It is hereby declared unlawful for any person to make any connections with a public
sewer of said City of Las Vegas, without first having obtained a permit from the plumbing inspector
so to do, as herein provided, and any person who shall make any connection with a public sewer of
said City, in any manner other than hereinbefore prescribed, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished as hereinafter provided.

Section 17. It is hereby declared unlawful for any contractor or any person to make any connection

with any public sewer of the City of Las Vegas, until such sewer is fully completed and accepted:

provided, however, that when such contractor or person shall file with the City Clerk of said

City the written request of any owner of property abutting on the street in which said sewer is being

constructed, asking that the laterals from said sewer to the property line be laid, the Board of City

Commissioners may by resolution allow such work to be done, subject to the foregoing provisions of



this ordinance, as to the acceptance by the plumbing inspector of the plumbing to be connected therewith.
Section 18. It shall be unlawful for any person to wilfully injure, break, destroy, obstruct,
or remove or in any way interfere with any manholes, flushes or sceptic tank, tank or public
sewer of the City of Las Vegas, wether constructed on private ground or any streets, side walk,
or public park in said City, or to throw, deposit, or cause to be thrown or deposited in any manner
in any opening of such sewer, or any receptacle connected with such sewers, or to place or to suffer,
or cause to be placed in any house connections or in any private drains connected with such public
sewers, any garbage, offal, dead, animals, vegetables parings, grease, oil, ashes, rags or the
contents of any cesspool, or any bulky or solid substance of any kind whatever having a tendency
to obstruct the free flow of sewers, or in any wise to damage the same, and the plumbing Inspector
shall have the power to prevent the discharge into the public sewers any private sewer or drain
through which substance are discharged liable to injure the public sewer or to prevent the action
of the sceptic tank or to obstruct the flow of sewerage, and it shall be unlawful for any person
firm or corporation to connect any roof conductor, yard drain, carriage or automobile wash, area
drain, or any vehicle used for carrying off rain or surface water with any public sewer the
  City of Las Vegas or house drain leading thereto. It shall be unlawful for any person to connect
or cause to be connected with any public sewer of the City of Las Vegas, either directly or through
one or more of the private sewers, any property that is not in included in permits duly issued by

the proper authorities of the City of Las Vegas for the making of connections with public sewers.
	19	

Section The office of the plumbing Inspector shall and the same is hereby created. The

plumbing Inspector shall be appointed by an order of the Beard of City Commissioners, duly entered

      on the minutes of said Board, and shall hold office during the pleasure of the Board. He must qualify

 within ten days from the time of his appointment by taking the constitutional oath of office and

 filing of a bond in the sun of One thousand dollars and filing the same with the City Clerk. The

 plumbing Inspector compensation shall be one Hundred and twenty five dollars ($125.00  per month,

 payable monthly. All fees collected by the plumbing inspector shall be the property of the City of

Las Vegas and shall be turned over to the City by said plumbing Inspector monthly, rendering a

detailed statement and report thereof.

Section 20. Any person, firm or corporation who shall either violate or neglect or refuse to
comply with the provisions of this ordinance shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction
thereof shall be fined not less than five dollars nor more than One hundred Dollars, or be imprisoned
for not less than five days not more than fifty days, or be both fined and imprisoned; and every day
during which the work of plumbing or drainage is continued in violation of the provisions of this
Ordinance shall be considered as constituting a new offence and be punishable as in this section

provided.

 Section 21, All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 22. This ordinance shall take effect from and after its passage and publication for a

period of one week, one issue, of the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper printed and published

in the City of Las Vegas.	

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.	Approved Peter Buol. Mayor.

(SEAL) Passed on second reading on January 7th, 1913. upon the following vote; Commissioners

T.J. Stewart, J.J. Coughlin, Ed Von Tobel, Mayer Peter Buol, voting aye. Noes None.

December 4th, 1912.	Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

(SEAL)

Affidavit of Publication.

@ @ @ @ @ @ @ @  @

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
and that the Ordinance No. 36, of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true and correct
copy was published in said paper one issue on the following dates, to-wit January 11th, 1913.

(SEAL)	Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st, day of March A.D. 1913.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.


		Ordinance No. 37.

		

 An Ordinance Regulating Excavations in streets, alleys, sidewalks, highways, public squares
and places in the City of Las Vegas, and other matters relating thereto.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as Follows;

Section 1. Any person, firm or corporation, making any excavation in any street, alley, sidewalk,
highway, public square or place in the City of Las Vegas, whether under permit or otherwise, shall,
before beginning such excavation, notify the Commissioner of streets and Public property of the
place where, and the time when such excavation is to be made, and such excavation and the refilling
thereof shall be made under his direction; and as a regulation for damages and indemnity for damages
such person, firm or corporation, before making such excavation, shall deposit, with said 
Commissioner of Streets and Public places, a sum of money equal to seventy five cents for each square
foot of surface to be excavated on paved streets; twenty five cents per square foot on macadamized
or petrolithic streets; and fifteen cents per square foot on all other streets, alleys, sidewalks,
highways, public squares or places.

Section 2. It shall be the duty of any person, firm or corporation making any such excavation
to promptly restore the portion of such street, alley, sidewalk, highway, public square or place
where such excavation has been made to as good condition as existed before the same was made, as

far as practicable, and to keep the same in such condition for at least six months thereafter,

	

reasonable wear thereof excepted, refilling such excavation during such time, whenever and wherever it may

sink or settle below the surface of the street, alley, side walk, highway, public square or place

and without notice so to do from said Commissioner of Streets and Public property.

Section 3. The money so deposited with said Commissioner of Streets and public property shall
be retained by him until such excavation shall be refilled, and the street, alley, sidewalk,
highway, public square or place surface restored as provided in the foregoing section, and when
so restored one-half of such deposit shall be returned and the other half shall be retained for



a period of six months after the completion of said excavation and at the expiration of such time
shall be returned to the person, firm or corporation depositing the same; provided that said
Commissioner of Streets and Public Property may use any part or all of such deposit in restoring
"and in maintaining, at a reasonable cost, such street, alley, sidewalk, highway public square
or place, as required by the foregoing section, whenever the person, firm or corporation, making
such excavation falls or neglects to comply with the requirements of said section.

section 4. Whenever any excavation as mentioned in the preceding sections is made for the
purposes of connecting a drain with a public sewer or repairing a drain connected with a public
sewer, the notice above specified shall be given to the City Plumbing Inspector, and such excavation
 and filling shall be made under his direction, in such cases the provisions of the foregoing
sections and of this ordinance shall apply in all respects, except as to the maxing of the deposit
as therein specified, no deposit being required in such cases, but in addition to the penalty 
hereinafter in this ordinance provided the City may recover against the person, firm or corporation
in a civil action in a court of competent jurisdiction for all damage or injury, direct or indirect,
which the City may suffer by reason of the failure, neglect or refusal of the person, firm or
corporation making such excavation to strictly comply with the provisions of this ordinance.

Section 5. Every City officer, contractor, person, firm or corporation who shall make any
excavation in any street, alley, sidewalk, highway, public square or place within the City of
Las Vegas shall provide during every night, from sunset to daylight, while such excavation remains
unfilled, either a sufficient light or temporary fence, or suitable obstruction around or in front
of the same, in order to prevent animals, vehicles and persons from falling into the same.

Section 6. Any person, firm or corporation violating any provisions of Section 1,2,3,4 or 5,
hereof shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
	

and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than



thirty days, or by a fine of not less than $5.00 nor more than $100.00, or by both.

Read the first time February 5th, 1913.

Read the second time March 5th, 1913.

Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern, aye; and his honor the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, None
Approved this 5th, day of March A.D. 1913.	Ed. Von Tobel. Mayor pro tem.

Attest; Harley A. Harmon Clerk.

Seal

Affidavit of Publisher
@ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes any says; that he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
and that the Ordinance No. 37 of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true and
correct copy, was published in said paper one issue on the following dates to-wit; March 15th, 1913.
(SEAL)	Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2lst, day of March A.D. 1913.

Harley A. Harmon. City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 38.



An Ordinance amending section 7 and sub-division "Eleventh" of section eleven of Ordinance
No. 36. of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An ordinance Providing for the issuance of Plumbing and
sewer Connection permits, for the inspection of Plumbing and sewer connections and for the 
regulation and construction of Plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas," passed January 7, 1913.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section seven of the above entitled ordinance is hereby amended so as to read as
follows:

section 7. All soil and waste pipes to a point three feet outside the exterior wall of the
building shall be cast iron, not less than four inches internal diameter, and shall be carried



in undiminished size up to the highest point of the roof or fire walls, in all new work, and in an
old building when it is impractical to reach the highest point of the roof, to a point
as nearly central of the lot and as high as practical, as designated in writing by the plumbing
Inspector, and shall not terminate within eight feet of any window, air shaft or opening of any
house or building and the same shall be further removed if the inspecting officer shall consider
it necessary. Provided, however, that in all plumbing or house drainage work installed prior to
the passage of this ordinance, and which in all other respects complies with the provisions of this
Ordinance, it shall not be necessary to carry soil or waste pipes to the highest point of the
roof or fire walls or for venting purposes in the manner provided in this section or other portions
of this ordinance, where the combined venting area of the vent pipes extending to the highest point
of the roof or fire walls from separate fixtures shall equal the venting area of the soli or

waste pipe, as above provided for in this section. All drains outside of the building and to the
street sewer or cesspool shall be first grade vitrified pipe, or cast iron pipe, internal diameter
not less than four inches. Stoneware piping shall not be allowed within two feet of the exterior



walls of any building, neither shall any vitrified pipe come within twelve inches of the surface
of the ground throughout its entire course. The jointing of each and every section of vitrified
piping must be completely and uniformly filled with the best Portland Cement, two parts of cement
and one part of sand, and every joint throughly cleaned from the inside so as not to

form an obstruction. The different sections must be laid in perfect line on the bottom and on the
sides with a fall of not less than one quarter of an inch per foot towards the street sewer or
cesspool. This piping must be made perfectly water tight; it shall not be covered or concealed in
any way until it has been properly tested by the inspecting officer. All changes in direction shall
be made with curves of Y branches and all connections with Y branches and one-eighth bends.

Section 2. Sub-division Eleventh of section eleven of the above entitled ordinance is hereby
amended so as to read as follows: Eleventh. Waste pipes in all cases shall be of lead, wrought
iron with Durham or shoulder fittings only, or cast iron, of the following size: for bath tubs,



sinks, laundry trays, urinals, wash basins, each not less than one and one half inches; slop

hoppers not less than two inches. A Water closet placed in an isolated building shall be vented

by a pipe the top of which is not less than fifteen feet above the ground.

	

     Section 3. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 4. This ordinance shall take effect from and after its passage and publication for a period

of one week (one issue), in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper printed and published in

the City of Las Vegas.	Approved . Ed. Von Tobel Mayor pro tem.

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

(SEAL) passed on second reading on March 5th, 1913. upon the following vote: Commissioners
Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern, and Ed. Von Tobel, Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes None.

First reading February 12, 1913.

 (SEAL) Attest: Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.



Affidavit of publisher
@ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he as the publisher of the Clark County Review
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
and that the Ordinance No. 38 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Of which the attached is a true
and correct copy was published in said paper one issue, on the following dates to-wit: March 3th, 1931.
(SEAL)	Chas. C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and scorn to before me this 21st, day of March A.D. 1913.	

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

	Ordinance No. 39.



An Ordinance to Regulate and Prevent the Discharge of Fire Arms,

Air Guns, etc., within certain portions of the City of Las Vegas.

The Beard of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful within the limits of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in the City
of Las Vegas, except in a regular licensed shooting gallery, to wilfully discharge any pistol, firearm,
 air gun, musket, or instrument of any kind, character or description, which throws a bullet or
missile, for any distance by means of the elastic force of air or any explosive substance.

Section 2. Any person violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be punished by a
fine not exceeding Three hundred dollars ($300.00) or imprisoned in the city Jail not more than
one hundred and fifty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 3. This ordinance shall be published for a period of one week (one insertion) in the
Clark County Review, and thereupon and thereafter it shall take effect and be in force.

The foregoing Ordinance was passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 2nd day of April

1913, upon the following vote: Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern, von Tobel, and His

Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye, Noes None.

'

First reading March 15th,

Second reading April 2nd, 1913.	Approved peter Buol. Mayor.

Attest: Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

(SEAL)

Affidavit of Publication
@@ @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@

Chas C. Corkhill being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years: that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper of general circulation and printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
and that the Ordinance No. 39, of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true and correct
copy, was published in said papers one issue, on the following dates to-wit: April 5th, 1913.

Chas. C. Corkhill.

(SEAL)	Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22nd, day of April A.D. 1913.

Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@

Ordinance No. 40.

 An Ordinance Relating to the Obstruction of Streets, sidewalks, Alleys and Crossings in
the City of Las Vegas.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That any person, firm or corporation who shall in any manner obstruct any of the
sidewalks, streets, alleys or crossings of this City with boxes, barrels, lumber or other article,
by leaving the same on said sidewalk, or in any street, alley or upon any crossing for more, than
four hours, without first obtaining a permit so to do from the Board of City Commissioners; or shall
lead, ride or drive any horse, mule, cow, or oxen upon any sidewalk of said City, or shall step
with or leave, any horse, mule, oxen, cart, carriage or wagon or other vehicle upon any sidewalk,
or regular crossing over any street or alley in said City so as to obstruct such sidewalk, crossing
or alley, shall be deemed the author of a nuisance, and upon conviction be fined in a sum of not
less than five nor more then twenty five dollars for each offence, and twenty dollars additional
for every twenty four hours that any such obstruction shall be continued after the first conviction
or notice from the City Marshal or commissioner of Streets and Public property to remove the same,
providing that when a building is to be ejected, the necessary material to construct that same
may occupy so much of the street or alley in front of the sidewalk before such building as shall
not exceed one fourth of the width of such street or alley for a reasonable time, not exceeding
sixty days, unless by special permit: of the Board of Commissioners of the City and provided
further that all such obstructions by material provided herein to be permitted shall be unlawful
unless during the night time the person, firm or corporation maintaining such obstruction shall



provide and maintain thereon a sufficient number of lights to afford adequate protection to the
public against injury by reason of such obstruction.

Section 2. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for a period of one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

(SEAL)	Approved: Ed. Von Tobel.

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk. 	Mayor pro tem

Passed on Second reading on May 7th, 1913, upon the following vote: Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin
Von Tobel voting aye. Noes None.		

First reading April 2nd, 1913.

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

@ @ @ @@

Affidavit of Publication

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 40 of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true
and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue, on the following dates, to-wit: May 10th,
1913.		Chas. C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22nd, day of May A.D. 1913.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

@@ @@@@@@@@@@@@ @@@@@

Ordinance No. 41.

@ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas amending section 19 of Ordinance No. 36 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled "An ordinance providing for the issuing of plumbing and Sewer Connection
   Permits, for the inspection of plumbing and sewer Connections and for the regulation and construction
 of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That section 19 of Ordinance No. 36 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An
Ordinance Providing for the issuance of Plumbing and sewer connection permits, for the inspection
of plumbing and sewer connections and for the Regulation and Construction of plumbing work in

the City of Las Vegas," be and the same is hereby amended so that the same shall read as follows:

	Section 19. The office of the plumbing inspector snail be, and the same is hereby created,

  The Plumbing Inspector shall be appointed by an order of the Board of City Commissioners duly
  entered on the minutes of said Board, and shall hold office during the pleasure of the Board.

He must qualify within ten days from the time of his appointment by taking the constitutional
oath of office and filing of a bond in the sum of one thousand dollars and filing the same with
 the City Clerk. All fees collected by the plumbing Inspector shall be the property of the City
of Las Vegas and shall be turned over to the City by said plumbing Inspector monthly, rendering
a detailed statement and report thereof. The Plumbing Inspector shall be entitled to receive and
shall be paid monthly an amount equal to the fees collected hereunder during such month,
and such amount shall 	be full compensation for all services rendered.

	      Section 2. It appearing to and being found by the Board that the health and welfare of said

City requires the immediate passage of this ordinance as an emergency ordinance, and that such

emergency exists, the game is hereby passed as an emergency ordinance upon the consent of the
entire Board, to take effect upon its passage and publication for one week (one issue) in the
Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

	Section 3. All ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time and passed as
an emergency ordinance at an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, held
on the 14th day of May, 1913, by the following vote, viz: Commissioners Sullivan, Smith, Griffith
and Curtiss and His Honor the Mayor. W.E. Hawkins, voting aye. Noes None.

(SEAL) Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Approved this l4th day of May, A.D. 1913.

W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Affidavit of Publisher.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the
Unites States, over the age of eighteen years: that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada and that the Ordinance No. 41, of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true
and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue on the following dates to-wit: May 17th,
1913.	Chas. C. Corkhill

(SEAL)  Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22nd, day of May A.D. 1913.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

@@@@@@@@

		Ordinance No. 42.



  An ordinance Requiring all persons, who, within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, buy,
sell, exchange, or otherwise deal in and with second-hand goods as a business, to keep a register
The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as follows:

Section l. All persons, firms, companies, or corporations, who, within the limits of the
City of Las Vegas, buy, sell, barter, exchange, or otherwise deal in and with second hand commodities
 of any kind or description, in a regularly fixed place of business, shall immediately enter,
in the English language, in a register, to be kept by him, them, or it, the date any piece or
portion of second hand property is purchased, and an accurate description of the property so
purchased, together with the name and address, age, and a general description of the dress,
complexion, color of hair, and facial appearance of the person from whom it is purchased.

Section 2. Every person, firm, company, or corporation, who fails or refuses to produce
his register for the inspection of, or to exhibit all articles purchased by him in his business
as a second hand deader to the District Attorney of Clark County, the City Attorney of Las
Vegas, or to the City Marshall of the City of Las Vegas, or to any peace officer of the City of
Las Vegas, or of the Las Vegas township or of the County of Clark, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

Section. 3. The violation of this ordinance shall constitute a misdemeanor and the punishment
therefor shall be imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than ninety days or by a fine of
not more than $300.00, or by both such fine and imprisonment. Upon complaint and proof that
any second hand dealer repeatedly violates this ordinance or any of the provisions thereof, the
license for such place of business may be revoked by the Board of City Commissioners.

Section 4. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon and after its
passage and publication for one week (one insertion) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 2nd day of July, 1913, upon the following vote:
Commissioners Curtiss, Griffith, Smith, Sullivan, and Mayor W.E. Hawkins, voting aye, Noes, None.

First reading June 4th, 1913.	Second reading July 2nd, 1913.

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.	Approved W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.
Affidavit of publisher.

State of Nevada)

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 42, of the City of Las
Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 5th, day of
July, 1913. inclusive, being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit-July 5th,
1913. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named
that the charge for publishing the same was $7.00

Signed:	C.P. Squires.

(Seal) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th, day of July A.D. 1913.

Geo. B. Clark

Notary Public.

 

	Ordinance No. 43

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas prohibiting obstructions of the streets, alleys, sidewalks
and sidewalk spaces by fences and other obstructions, and providing for the removal of the same.
The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:
section l. Every person making any fences railing or other similar obstruction across any
public street, alley or sidewalk, or any part thereof, or maintaining or keeping any fence, post
or other similar obstruction on or across any such public street, alley or sidewalk, without
permission from the Board of City Commissioners first obtained, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Ten dollars nor more than
Three hundred dollars for each offence, or by imprisonment in the City Jail until such fine is

	

paid, not exceeding one day for each Two Dollars of such fine, in case such fine is not paid;
provided, however, that in all cases of fences already erected upon or across any public street
alley, side walk or sidewalk space, or any part thereof in the City of Las Vegas, the owner,
occupant or lessee of the property abutting on such portion of the street, alley, sidewalk or
sidewalk space occupied by such fence, shall have and is hereby allowed sixty days from the date
of the passage of this ordinance to remove such fence, unless sooner notified in writing to remove
the same by the commissioner of streets and public property, in which latter case the fence shall
be removed within forty-eight hours after such notice is given.

Section 2. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage
and publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

Passed by the Board of Commissioner this 2nd) day of July, 1913, upon the following vote:
Commissioners Curtiss, No; Griffith, aye; Smith, No; Sullivan, aye; and Mayor W.E. Hawkins, voting
aye. First reading June 4th, 1913.	second reading July 2nd, 1913.

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.	Approved, W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Affidavit of Publisher.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark.) ss.

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is the publisher
of the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at

Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 43. of
the City of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the
5th, day of July, 1913. inclusive, being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates to-wit
July 5th, 1913. that said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named, that the charge for publishing the same was $6.70
(SEAL)	Signed C.P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th, day of July A.D. 1913.

Geo. B. Clark.

Notary public.

	Ordinance No. 44.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Concerning the Numbering of Buildings.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. All buildings, fronting on any street within the City of Las Vegas, shall be numbered
in accordance with a system for numbering buildings adopted by the Board of City Commissioners, at
the time of the passage of this ordinance, by resolution filed in the office of the City Clerk on
said date, and the same is referred to and made a part of this ordinance.

Section 2. All owners or occupants of buildings, now erected or which may hereafter be erected
within said City, are hereby required to number their buildings in conformity with the provisions of
this ordinance and the regulations of the resolution above referred to, and any owner or occupant of
any building now erected, or hereafter to be erected, who shall fall to number said buildings
aforesaid within sixty days after the taking effect of this Ordinance, or who shall number any house
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of this ordinance and said resolution, and the rules
and regulations of said ordinance and said resolution, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof, shall be punished by a fine not exceeding ten dollars, or by imprisonment in
the City Jail not exceeding five days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 3. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas. Passed this 6th, day of August, 1913, upon second reading by the following vote:
Commissioners Curtiss, Griffith, Smith, Sullivan and Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

First reading July 2, 1913.	Approved, W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Attest:	(SEAL) Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit: of Publication.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada and that the attached Ordinance No. 44, of the City of Las
Vegas, was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 9th, day of
August 1913. inclusive, being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: August 9,
1913. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named
That the charge for publishing the same was $6.00.

Signed. C.P. Squires.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th, day of September A.D. 1913.

Geo. B. Clark, Notary Public.


 @@@@@@@@@ @@@ @@@ @@@@@@@@@



Ordinance No. 45.



All Ordinance Amending Section Thirteen (13) of Ordinance No. 33, of the city of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance regulating the Distribution of Intoxicating liquors, and Regulating places

		

where such liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses, and
repealing Ordinance No. 3, and all ordinances or parts of Ordinance sin conflict therewith."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as follows:

Section, l, Section Thirteen (13) of Ordinance No. 33, of the city of Las Vegas, entitled

"An Ordinance regulating the distribution of Intoxicating liquors, and regulating places where

such liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses and repealing

Ordinance No. 3, and all Ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith, "is hereby

amended so that the same shall read as follows:

Section 13. It shall be unlawful within the City of Las Vegas, in the night time, after

twelve 0'clock midnight, for any person to play or make a noise upon or cause to be played any

musical instrument of any kind whatsoever in any bringing saloon or in any room used or conducted

in connection with such saloon, or on the premises where such saloon is conducted, or to permit

or allow the same by the proprietor, agent, employee or manager thereof.

It shall be unlawful for any proprietor, keeper, bar tender, clerk or any other person

having the charge or control of any bringing saloon to permit any female to visit said drinking



saloon: and it shall also be unlawful for any female to visit such drinking saloon. No liquor

license shall authorize the holder thereof to sell, serve or give away any liquors at any time

other than between the hours of six o'clock A.H. and one o'clock A.M. of the succeeding day, of
each day of each week; and its shall be and is hereby made unlawful to sell, serve or give away
any spirituous, malt, or fomented liquors or wines or mixed intoxicating liquors, in any 
establishment, saloon, tippling house, sample room, bar room, drinking place, restaurant, club, club
room or drug store, oil any day or days of the week between the hours of one o'clock A.M. and
six 0' clock A.M. of the same day.

Provided, however, that the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to the 

sale by druggist of such liquors for medicinal purposes, upon the prescription in writing of a

licensed physician, nor the sale by such druggist of pure alcohol for medical, mechanical or
scientific uses.

Section, 2, This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage
and publication one week (one issue) in tide Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a regular
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 6th, day of August, 1913, and read for
the second time and passed at its meeting on the 3rd, day of September 1913, by the following
vote, to-wit: Commissioners Curtiss, Smith, Griffith and his honor the Mayor, voting aye.

Noes. None.	Approved: W.E. Hawkins Mayor, this 3rd,

day of September A.D. 1913.	Attest : Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.	( SEAL)

Affidavit of Publisher.

State of Nevada)

s s 

County of Clark)

Chas. P. squires, being first duly, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of the

Las Vegas, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in

the County of Clark, state of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 45, of the City of
Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of One week on the 6th, day
of September 1913, inclusive , being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:
September 6th, 1913, That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named. That the charge for publishing the same was $9.30 signed C. P. Squires.

(SEA) subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th, day of September A.D. 1913.

Geo. B. Clark, Notary Public.



 @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@

	Ordinance No. 46.



	

An ordinance regulating the speed of Automobiles and other Conveyances within the corporate
limits of the City of Las Vegas.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section l. It shall be unlawful for any person or persons to ride or drive any automobile,

locomobile, steam, gasoline or electric wagon; motor cycle, bicycle, vehicle, drawn by animals,

or any conveyance that is used for pleasure or the carrying of passengers and any commodities,

upon any street, alley, road or thoroughfare within the Clark's Las Vegas Townsite limits of the

City of Las Vegas, at a rate of speed greater than fifteen miles an hour.

Section 2. Every automobile, locomobile, steam, gasoline, or electric wagon or motor cycle
when operated at night upon any of the streets, alleys, roads or thoroughfares within the corporate
limits of the City of Las Vegas, shall be provided with a light on the front of such vehicle or
vehicles, and also a red light on the back of such vehicle or vehicles, so arranged as to make the

license tag, required by the laws of the State of Nevada to be displayed on such vehicle or vehicles


plainly discern able.

Section 3. Any person owning or operating any of the vehicles mentioned in Section 1 of this
ordinance, who shall exceed the speed limit, or any person who shall fail to attach and keep lights
on such vehicle or vehicles at night as herein required, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Five Dollars ($5.00) nor
more than Fifty Dollars ($50.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not less than
two (2) days nor more than twenty five (25) days, or by both such fine and imprisonment, for each
offense committed.

Section 4. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and publication
 for a period of one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and
published in the City of Las Vegas.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board of Commissioners held on the 3rd day of September, 1913, and read for the second time
and passed at a regular meeting of said Board held upon the 1st day of October, 1913, upon the
following vote: Commissioners Griffith, Smith, Curtiss, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes,
none.

Attest Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk

Approved this 1st day of October, 1913.

By C. E. Pembroke, Deputy.

W. E. Hawkins, Mayor.

(SEAL)		
Affidavit of Publication

State of Nevada)

) ss

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance number 46 of the City of
Las Vegas, was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 4th day
of October, 1913* inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:
October 4th, A. D. 1913. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named.

Signed: Chas. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th day of December, A. D. 1913.

My commission expires March 8th, 1915.	Henry M. Lillis, Notary Public.

(Notarial seal)

@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@

Ordinance No. 47.

@ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @@@ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @

An ordinance establishing official grades of the lots, streets, alleys, avenues, public places,
sewers, and other grades in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and City of Las Vegas, and regulating the
construction of sidewalks therein and other matters relating thereto.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section. 1. That for the purpose of establishing and designating the official grades of the
lots, streets, alleys, avenues, public places, sewers, and other grades in Clark's Las Vegas Town-
site and the City of Las Vegas, sea level is hereby declared to be the datum plane of said City,
and as a permanent bench mark within said city, whose altitude above sea level has been ascertained,
the top of the foundation of the erecting shop of the San Pedro, Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad
Company, in said City, is hereby adopted and designated as a permanent bench mark within said City
of Las Vegas, and the elevation of the top of said foundation and bench mark is 2,029.00 feet above
said datum plane.

Section 2. The grade of all lots within Clark's Las Vegas Townsite is hereby established at the
elevations shown upon that certain map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite filed in the office of the City
Clerk of said City on September 3, 1913. For example the elevation of the corner lot in block 8 at corner of main and Garces Streets as shown by said map is 2,024.45 feet, the elevation of the
corner lot of said block at corner of Main and Bonneville streets as shown by said map is 2,024.

05 ft. showing a fall of 0.40 feet. The elevation at the corner lot in said Block at the corner of
Bonneville street and First street is 2,022.0 ft., showing a fall from the corner last before ment-
ioned of 2.05 feet. In interpreting said map the same system shall be followed throughout as to all
streets, alleys, avenues and public places within the said Clark's Las Vegas Townsite. Attached to 
said map is a pencil sketch marked "Exhibit A" which is hereby made a part thereof, showing
plan of construction for grading of streets and sidewalks to be followed in the construction or
reconstruction of streets and sidewalks pursuant to the provisions of this ordinance.

Sec. 3. The grade of all side walks in said City is hereby established so that if continued to the
curb line on the same slop it will be even with the top of the curb. The slope shall be at the rate
of a fall of four inches in the fifteen feet from the property line to the top of the curb, And that
top of the curb shall be four inches below the lot grade as shown by the map above referred to.
Sec. 4, The grade of the gutter at the curb line shall be eight inches below the top of the
curb, and thence slope toward the center of the street as illustrated in "Exhibit A".

Sec. 5, The grade of the crown of any street or alley shall be at the mean of the corresponding
surb heights.

Section 6. Artificial stone sidewalks built within the City of Las Vegas shall be built according
 to the following specifications, to-wit:- For convenience in description the City of Las Vegas
is divided into two sections:	1st. That portion included at all times in the fire limits of said

City shall be known as Division one. 2nd. All other portions of said City of Las Vegas shall be known
as the residence portion, or Division Two. All artificial stone sidewalks in Division one, or the
fire limits, shall be built the full width of the public side-walk in front of all buildings, but
where there is no building and the lot vacant, the width of the walk may be Ten (10) feet constructed 
from property line.

All artificial stone sidewalks in Division Two, or the residence portion of the City shall be
five (5) feet wide, three (3) feet from the property line, and seven (7) feet from the curb line. All
sidewalks which may hereinafter be constructed, reconstructed or laid down in any part of the City of
Las Vegas shall be constructed or reconstructed of cement to the official grade, with artificial
foundation of concrete of at least three and one-half inches in depth. The first or lower part of
cement shall be not less than three and one half inches thick, and up to within one-half inch of
grade after through tamping. It shall be formed of best quality of Portland cement and mixed with
clean gravel entirely free from dirt or clay, in the proportion of one barrel of cement to six
barrels of gravel. The cement and gravel shall be first throughly mixed dry and thereafter water
shall be added by sprinkling, the mixing to be continued until every particle of gravel is coated
with cement, and the mass to be just wet enough so that in ramming or tamping the water will not	

splash. By a barrel of cement is meant an unbroken original package or barrel of A 1 Portland
cement full standard weight, tensile strength and measure. The barrel for measuring the gravel
must be of the same size as cement barrel.	The top coat shall be one-half (1/2) inch thick.

The top coat shall be composed of two parts, by measure, of clean, sharp gravel sand, free from loam
and one part, by measure, of cement. The top shall be troweled smooth and even and blocked into
squares. Where the sidewalk is five (5) feet wide the squares shall be two (2) feet in size, and
there shall be a 6 inch border on each side of the walk. The top coat shall be put on while the
foundation is green so that the same will closely adhere thereto. All work done and material
furnished shall be done and furnished under the supervision and to the satisfaction of the Commissioner
 of streets and public property.



Section 7. Any person violating the provisions of this Ordinance, whether a contractor making
an# improvements refereed to herein, or the owner of premises for whom such improvement is	

being made, or both such contractor and such owner, shall be deeded guilty of a misdemeanor, and
upon conviction thereof, shall be fined a sum not less than $50.00 not more than $200.00, or be
imprisoned in the City Jail for not less than 25 days nor more than 100 days, or be punished by
both such fine and imprisonment, and every day during which any violation of this ordinance continues
shall be considered as constituting a new offence, and shall be punished as in this section provided.

Section 8. This ordinances shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published
in the City of Las Vegas. Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas this 3rd day
of October, 1913, upon second reading; upon the following vote: Commissioners Curtiss, Smith,

Griffith and his honor the Mayor, voting aye. Noes None. First reading September 3, 1913. Approved
this 3rd, day of October, 1913.		W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

(SEAL)	Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

By C.E. Pembroke, Deputy.	


Affidavit of Publication

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance number 47 of the City of Las Vegas,
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week on the 4th, day of October 1913. inclusive, being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: October 4th, A.D.
1913. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed, Chas. P. Squires.

(NOTORIAL SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th, day of December A.D. 1913.

My Commission expires March 8th, 1915.	Henry M. Lillis, Notary Public.

Ordinance No. 48.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for purposes of regulation and revenue,
every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the corporate
limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing	the rates of license	tax upon the same and

providing for the collection of	said	license tax, and a	punishment for carrying on or conducting

any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14, and 35.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. The City Clerk must prepare and have printed blank licenses as herein authorized
to be issued.

Section 2. The City Clerk must	affix his official	seal to, number and	sign all licenses.

Section 3. The City Clerk	must	keep in his office	a Register in which	he must keep account

of ail licenses issued and delivered by him.

Section 4. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation, club or association

to commence, carry on, engage in, or continue in, in the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, any

business, trade, occupation or employment, upon which a license tax is imposed by the terms and

provisions of this ordinance, and for which a license tax is required to be procured by the terms



and provisions of this ordinance, without first paying such license tax and procuring such license
as hereinafter provided, said license authorizes the party obtaining the same to transact the business
described in such license in a particular locality in the City, separate licenses must be obtained
for each branch establishment or separate house of business; and said license, when payable
quarterly, must be taken out in the quarters commencing on the first day of January, April, July and
October of each year.

Section 5. The City Clerk must make diligent Inquiry as to all persons in this city liable
to pay license as provided in this ordinance, and must require each person, where the license tax
depends upon the receipts or amount of business transacted, to state under oath the probable
amount of business which he, or the firm of which he is a member, or for which he is agent or
attorney, or the association or corporation of which he is president, secretary or managing agent
will be in the next succeeding period for which said license may be issued, which said amount shall
 be computed according to the amount of business done during the period next proceeding the period
for which said license may be issued, unless an extension or enlargement of business is contemplated; and thereupon such person, agent, president, secretary or other officer must procure a license
from the City Clerk for the term desired, and in the class of which such person is liable tp pay;
and in all cases where an under-estimate has been made by the party applying, the party maxing
such under-estimate, or the company he represented, shall be required to pay for a license for the
next period for which licenses may be issued, double the sum otherwise required.

Section 6. Every person who, at a fixed place of business in the City of Las Vegas, sells any

goods, wares or merchandise, drugs or medicines, jewelry, or wares, or previous metals, whether on
commission  or otherwise, must obtain from the City Clerk, for each branch of his business, a license
and must pay quarterly therefore an amount of money to be determined by the class in which such
person is placed by the City Clerk; such business to be classified and regulated by the amount of
the average monthly sales made at the rates following:

(A)	Where the average monthly sales are under the sum of Five hundred dollars, the sum of
Three dollars per quarter.

(B)	Where the average monthly sales are Five hundred dollars and over, but are under One
 Thousand Dollars, the sum of Five dollars per quarter.

	(C) Where the average monthly sales are one Thousand dollars and over, but are under Fifteen

Hundred dollars, the sum of seven and one -half dollars per quarter.

(D)	Where the average monthly sales are Fifteen Hundred dollars and over, but are under Two
Thousand dollars, the sum ofTen dollars per quarter.



(E)	Where the average monthly sales are Two Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Three
Thousand dollars, the sum of Twelve and one-half Dollars per quarter.

(F)	Where the average monthly sales are Three Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Five

Thousand dollars, the sum of Fifteen dollars per quarter.



(G)	Where the average monthly sales are Five Thousand dollars and	over,	but	are	under	Ten

Thousand dollars, the sum of Seventeen and one-half dollars per quarter.

(H)	Where the average monthly sales are Ten Thousand Dollars and	over,	but	are	under

Twenty Thousand dollars, the sum of Twenty Dollars per quarter.

(I)	Where the average monthly sales are Twenty Thousand Dollars and over, but are under
Fifty Thousand Dollars, the sum of Twenty two and one half Dollars per quarter.

(J)	Where the average monthly sales are Fifty Thousand dollars or over, the sum of Twenty-
five dollars per quarter.



Section 7. The rates of license tax for the businesses, trades, occupations and employments
hereinafter named are hereby fixed in and for the City of Las Vegas, and the same shall be paid by
any person engaged in or carrying on the same in said City, as follows:

(1)	For each hotel,	$5.00 per quarter.

(2)	For each restaurant	2.50	"	"

(3)	For each rooming house capable of entertaining for or

more	quests	2.50	"  "

(4)	For	each	steam or power laundry	5.00	

(5)	For each livery stable (horse or auto or both)	5.00		"

(6)	For	each	insurance agent or real	estate	dealer,	or both,	5.00	"	"

(7)	For	each	newspaper and job printing	establishment	5.00	"	"

(8)	For	each	shooting gallery	5.00		"

	(9) For each banker or broker		7.50	"	"

(10) For	each	manufacturer of soda water	5.00		"

(11) For	each	patent medicine agency	25.00		

(12) For	each	dray and express business	5.00		

	(13)	For each	funeral and undertaxing establishment	7.50	"	

	(14)	For	each	theatre or moving picture show	7.50		

(15) For	each	trade or merchandise paying slot machine	15.00	"	"

(16) For	each	skating rink	10.00	

	 (17) For each pawn shop	50.00

(18)	For	each	employment or intelligence office	25.00	

	(19)	For	each	billiard or pool table	2.50		

(20)	For	each	bowling alley	5.00	"	

	(21)	For	each	telephone or electric light business	or both,	7.50		

	(22) For each street carnival		25.00 per day

(23) For each astrologer, palmist, seer, phrenologist, fortune teller,	

clairvoyant, or spiritualist who demands or receives a fee for

his or her services.	100.00 per day 

(24) For	each	merry go round or	 carousel	5.00	per	week

(25) For	each	traveling	optometrist	100.00	per	day

(24) For	each	traveling	show	5.00	per	day

(27) For	each	circus 	25.00	per day

(28) For the business of dealing in second-hand goods, wares or

merchandise of any kind, character or description, where, as a part of any
such transaction, a contract or agreement is made, or an undertaking,

verbal, written or otherwise, had with the vendor, to re-sell to him the
same goods, wares, or merchandise, or to sell other goods, wares or merchandise
in their place or stead, then, and in case of such agreement as aforesaid, a license tax of $25.00
per quarter shall be paid.

	(29) Every person, firm or corporation who ships in and sells in the City of Las Vegas any

bankrupt, assigned or damaged stock of goods, wares, merchandise, drugs, jewelry, dry goods, boots
and shoes, clothing, hardware, groceries, furniture or other stock of merchandise shall pay a
license of $100.00 per quarter or fraction thereof.

(30) Corn doctors, traveling merchants, hawkers, vendors of books, charts, maps, patent
medicines, or any minor articles of trade, or peddlers who vend goods, wares, merchandise of any
kind whether by sample or otherwise, to those not regularly engaged in carrying on the business
of selling such books, etc., must pay a license of twenty-five dollars per month; and every such
traveling merchant, hawker, or peddler who uses a wagon or cart, or one or more animals for the
purpose of vending such goods, wares or merchandise of any kind, must pay a license of thirty-
five dollars per month; provided however, that every person who vends or peddles vegetables,
berries or fruit, shall pay a license of twenty-five dollars per year, or for any part or portion

     of a year. In cases where such persons are engaged in such occupation for less time than one month,

 they shall pay a license of five dollars per day for each day or part of a day or night while so

 engaged, and when obtaining a license, such person shall state the number of days for which they
shall require the same, which shall be inserted therein by the City Clerk, and on the expiration
 thereof they shall, before engaging further in such occupation, procure a new license; provided,

 that every traveling merchant, hawker, peddler or vendor, street, faker, or advertiser who
   advertises goods, wares or merchandise of any kind by music, singing or dancing, jugglery, tricks

  sleight-of-hand, buffoonery, gymnastics or any spectacular display, show or performance, or by

  speeches or oratory, or by any performance upon the streets calculated to draw or collect a crowd
  of people about those calling or advertising wares as aforesaid, shall pay a license in the sum
of twenty-five dollars per day; provided, further, that this section shall not apply to any
farmer, who vends or peddles vegetables, berries or fruit raised or grown by him on land owned or
rented by him in the County of Clark, Provided, further, that the obtaining of a license to do any
of the things or for any business in this ordinance specified, shall not authorize or empower the
holder of such license to do anything which is not or may hereafter be made unlawful by any ordinance
of the City of Las Vegas, or other law applicable thereto.

Section 8. Whenever the word "person" or "party" is used in this ordinance, referring to those
liable to pay a license tax, the same is intended and shall be construed to mean and include a firm
corporation, club, or association, carrying on the business for which a license must first be procured
and when the terms used in this ordinance designate the principal, the same shall be construed to
mean and include the clerks, agents, servants, representatives, or employees of such principals,
it being the intention to hereby license the business, and not separate or individual acts.

Section, 9. The license tax imposed by this ordinance shall be deemed a debt due to said City

of Las Vegas, from and against any person commences, carries on, engages in or conducts, in

said City, any business, occupation, trade or employment upon which a license tax is herein

imposed, or for the commencing, engaging in, carrying on or conducting, for which a license is

herein required to be procured, without first having paid said license tax and procured said license

according to the terms and provisions of this ordinance, and such person shall be liable in a civil

action in the name of said City of Las Vegas, plaintiff, in any court of competent jurisdiction,

for the recovery of the amount of license tax imposed by this ordinance, and for the costs of suit.

Section 10. The license tax imposed by this ordinance shall become due and payable, and be
paid without demand therefor, in lawful money of the United States of America to the City Clerk.

Section 11. All licenses granted under this ordinance, or any section thereof, are granted
and accepted by all parties receiving said license with the express understanding that the Board
of City Commissioners may revoke the same at any time if any of the conditions of the license or
terms of this ordinance have been violated, or if the license was obtained by fraudulent representations,
 or the holder of such license is an unfit person to be trusted with the privileges granted
by said license; provided, however, that no license shall be revoked without giving the holder
thereof an opportunity to appear before said Board in his own behalf. On revocation of the license
no part of the money paid therefor shall be returned, but such license fee shall be forfeited
to the City.

Section 12. Ordinances numbers l, 2, 4, 13, and 35 of the City of Las Vegas are hereby repealed.

Section 13. Nothing in this ordinance contained shall be construed in any way repealing
or amending in whole or in part, or in any way affecting or relating to, Ordinance No. 33 of tne
City of Las Vegas or any ordinance or part of ordinance amendatory or supplemental to said ordinance
No. 33, which said ordinance No. 33, relates and pertains to the sale, serving or giving away of
intoxicating liquors.

Section 14. Any person violating any of the terms or provisions of this ordinance shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine not to
exceed three hundred dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a term not to exceed ninety
days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 15. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after the 31st day
of December, 1913, and after the passage thereof shall be published for a period of one week (one

issue in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.
I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting

of the Board of City commissioners, held on the 1st day of October, 1913, and read for the second

time and passed at its meeting on the 3rd day of December, 1913, upon the following vote to-wit:-

commissioners, Griffith, Curtiss, Smith, Sullivan and His Honor the Mayor, W.E. Hawkins, aye, Noes

None.	Approved this 3rd, day of December A.D. 1913.

(SEAL)	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

State of Nevada)

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; that he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 48, of the City of
Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 6th, day
of December 1913. inclusive, being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit- December
 6th, 1913. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of t he

dates above named, that the charge for publishing the same was_________________________________

Signed. C.P. Squires.	 

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd, day of January A.D. 1914.

(SEAL)	Henry M. Lillis. Notary Public

Ordinance No. 49.

 An ordinance for Police regulation, and prohibiting public dance halls in the City of Las Vegas.

  		

 The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:
 Section l. It shall be and is hereby made unlawful for any person or persons, firm or corporation
to establish, open, keep, conduct or carry on a public dance hall, or a public ball room in the
City of Las Vegas; and any person or persons, firm or corporation, opening, keeping, conducting or
carrying on any such public dance hall or public ball room in the City of Las Vegas shall be guilty
of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine not to exceed Three
Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a term not to exceed ninety (90) days,

or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 2. Nothing contained in this ordinance shall be construed or understood to apply
to any dance or ball given in any hotel for its guests by the owner, manager or lessee any
such hotel, universally recognized as a hotel, and using a general register for guests; or to any
charitable exhibition or entertainment given by an amateur dramatic association or society; or
to any dance or ball op entertainment given by any bona fide beneficial, or bona fide benevolent
association; or to any dance or ball given by any social organization formed for the purpose of
holding, from time to time, private dances or entertainments; or to any dancing school maintained
solely for the teaching of the art of dancing; provided, however, that if any dance or ball or entertainment
 is given for the purpose of evading the provisions of this ordinance, then section 1 of
this ordinance snail be construed to apply thereto.

Section 3. This ordinance snail take effect and be in force immediately on and after its
passage and publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas. 

The foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting of the Board of
Commissioners held on the first day of October, 1913, and passed upon the second reading at a

regular meeting of said Board held on December 3rd, 1913 upon the following vote: Commissioners
Griffith, Curtiss, Smith, Sullivan, and His Honor the Mayor, W. E. Hawkins, voting aye. Noes None.

Approved this 3rd, day of December, 1913. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

(SEAL) Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

State of Nevada)

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. CP. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the Las
Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 49, of the City of Las Vegas
was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 4th, day 0f
December, 1913, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

December 6, 1913. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates

above named. That the charge for publishing the same was__________________________.

Signed. Chas. P. Squires.

SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me tills 2nd, day of January A.D. 1914.

Henry M. Lillis. Notary Public.

		Ordinance No. 50.





An ordinance to amend section to nine (9) of Ordinance No. 33 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
"An ordinance Regulating the Distribution of Intoxicating Liquors, and Regulating places where
such liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses, and repealing
Ordinance No. 3, and all Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:
Section 1. Section nine (9) of ordinance No. 33 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An
Ordinance Regulating the distribution of Intoxicating liquors, and regulating places where such
liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses, and repealing
Ordinance No. 3, and all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith is hereby
amended so that the same shall read as follows:

Section 9. The rates for the liquor licenses provided for in this ordinance snail be and
the same are hereby fixed and established and the same shall be paid by all persons receiving
such licenses respectively as follows: For retail liquor license the sum of One Hundred

Dollars ($100.00) per quarter; provided that retail drug stores shall not be required to pay
more than Six Dollars ($6.00) per quarter for such retail liquor license when the privilege
only is desired thereunder of selling, serving or giving away of liquors not to be consumed upon
the premises of such retail drug store. When such license is desired the application for permit
and  the permit shall indicate that the license is applied for or granted, as the case may be,
under the provisions of this section relative to retail drug stores, and the license issued shall
also indicate that the same is granted to a retail drug store under the provisions of this
section, it shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation, owning, in charge of or
employed in a retail drug store handling liquor under such license at such reduced price, to sell
serve, or give away, or cause or permit to be sold, served or given away therein, any liquor
to be drunk or consumed upon the premises; and it shall be unlawful for any person, firm or
corporation owning, in charge of or employed in such retail drug store handling liquors under
such license, at such reduced price, to cause, permit or allow any liquor to be drunk or consumed
upon the premises thereof. For a wholesale liquor license the sum of Ten dollars ($10.00) per

quarter. No license shall be issued for any quarter until the payment for such quarter has
made.

Section 2. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after the 31st day of December,
1913, and after the passage thereof shall be published for a period of one week (one issue) in
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas. I hereby certify	that

the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting of the Board of City

Commissioners held on the 1st day of October, 1913 and read for the second time and passed at
its meeting on the 5th day of November, 1913, upon the following vote, to-wit: Commissioners
Griffith, Curtiss, Smith, and Sullivan and the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, voting aye. Noes, None.

Approved this 3rd day of December, 1913. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

(SEAL) Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

State of Nevada)

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 50 of the City of

Las Vegas was continuously	published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 6th, day

of December, 1913, inclusive, being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:- 
December 6th, 1913. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named.			Chas. P. Squires.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd, day of January A.D. 1914.

Henry M. Lillis. Notary Public.



Ordinance No. 51.

An ordinance prohibiting dogs from running at large in the streets, alleys or public places
of the City of Las Vegas and repealing Ordinance No. 19, entitled "An Ordinance amending Ordinance
No. 12 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance providing for the collection of a dog
license or tax" and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as Follows:

Section, It shall be unlawful for any male or female dog of any age whatsoever to run at large
in any of the streets, alleys or public grounds of the City of Las Vegas.

Section, 2. It shall be the duty of the City Marshall, any police officer, special policeman
or watchman of the City of Las Vegas, and each and all of them, when any dog is found loose or at
large upon any of the streets, alleys or public grounds of the City of Las Vegas, to immediately
kill such dog at the place where found, or capture and secure such dog at the place where found
or capture and secure such dog and remove it to a convenient place, and there immediately kill
such dog, as under the circumstances of the case be most expedient.

Section, Any person who allows any dog owned by him or under his control, to run at large
in the streets, alleys, or public grounds of the City of Las Vegas, in violation of any of the
provisions of this ordinance, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor; and upon conviction thereof
shall be fined in any sum not less than ten dollars nor more than one hundred dollars for each and
every such offence.

Section 4. Ordinance No. 19, entitled "An ordinance amending Ordinance No. 12, of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance providing for the collection of a dog license or tax,"
and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 5. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and

publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas. Upon motion of commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Griffith
and duly carried it was ordered that said ordinance be passed as read, the vote on said resolution
being as follows, to-wit:- Commissioner Griffith, aye, Smith, aye, Curtiss, No, and his honor the
Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Read first time December 3rd, 1913. Read second time January, 7th, 1914.

(SEAL)	Approved W.E. Hawkins Mayor.

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of publication.

State of Nevada)

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the Las Vegas

Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County

of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No, 31 of the City of Las Vegas, was

continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 10th, day of January

1914, inclusive, being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: January 10, 1914.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the

said charge for publishing the same was $_____________________. Signed. Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th, day of March, A.D. 1914.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

	ORDINANCE NO. 52.	

   An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvement of First Street by constructing
 cement concrete sidewalks on the East side of said street, and providing for the payment 
therefor by special assessment.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It is hereby ordered that a cement, concrete sidewalK shall be constructed along
the East side of First street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, commencing at a point where the alley
which runs easterly and westerly through Block 14 intersects First street, and running thence along
the East side of First street to its intersection with Garcia Street, excepting lots 15 and 16 in
block No. 14 said sidewalk shall be constructed in accordance with the provisions of Ordinance No.

47 of the City of Las Vegas and in accordance with the plats and diagrams of said worK on file in
  the office of the City Clerk.

  Section 2. Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of ground fronting on
the East side of said First Street and abutting upon said improvement, and the cost thereof shall
be collected by special assessment and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots and premises abutting
 upon such improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage. The cost and expense of
said improvement shall include the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, cost of construction and
all fees and compensation properly chargeable in the work of making such special assessment. In
case the amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premises shall exceed twenty per cent
of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment toll for
State and County taxation, such cost exceeding said twenty per cent, shall be paid from the
general fund of the City.

Section, 3, The assessment district for said improvement shall include the lots and premises
within the following boundaries, to-wit:- Commencing at the intersection of the alley in said block
14 with First street; thence southerly along the East line of First street to its intersection
with Garcia street; thence easterly along Garcia street to its intersection with the alley in
 block No. 9; thence northerly along said alley through blocks Nos. 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, and 14, to its

intersection with the alley running easterly and westerly through said block No. 14, thence
westerly through said block No, 14; thence westerly along said last mentioned alley to the point
of beginning, excepting from said district lots 15 and 16 in block 14.

Section 4. The said work shall be done under contract to be let by this Board to the lowest
responsible bidder and upon such conditions as the Board of City Commissioners may prescribe
in the letting of such contract.

Section, 5. A special assessment is hereby required to be made pro rata upon the lots in
the above described special assessment district, according to frontage; and the City Assessor
is hereby directed immediately upon the passage of this ordinance to make such special assessment
 according to frontage and he is hereby directed to assess the sum of Two Thousand Seven
Hundred and Sixty ($2760.00) Dollars, the same being the amount hereby determined necessary to

cover the cost of such improvement, From the date of approval of the assessment roll the special



assessment shall constitute a lien upon the perspective lots or parcels of land assessed.

Section, 6, This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage
and publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age. I hereby certify that the forging
Ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held on the 7th, day of January, 1914, and read for the second time and passed at its regular
meeting on the 4th, day of February, 1914. by the following vote, to-wit: Commissioners Griffith, 
Curtiss, Sullivan, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, None.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Approved this 4th, day of February A.D. 1914.

W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Affidavit of Publication.

State of Nevada)

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 52 of the City of
Las Vegas, was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 7th,
day of February, 1914, inclusive, being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit: February 7th, 1914. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the

dates above named, that the charge for publishing the same was $	_________

(SEAL)	Signed. Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th, day of March A.D. 1914.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.





Ordinance No. 53.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvement of Second Street by
constructing cement, concrete sidewalks on the East side of said street, and providing for the
payment therefor by special assessment.

The Board of commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section, 1, It is hereby ordered that a cement, concrete sidewalk shall be constructed along
the East side of second street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, commencing at Fremont, street and
running thence southerly along the East side of second Street to its intersection with Garcia
Street, excepting lots 1, 2, and 3 in block 22.  Said sidewalk shall be constructed in accordance
with the provisions of Ordinance No, 47, of the City of Las Vegas and in accordance with the plats
and diagrams of said work on file in the office of the City Clerk.

Section, 2, Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of ground fronting
on the East side of said Second Street and abutting upon said improvement, and the cost thereof
shall be collected by special assessment and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots, and premise
abutting upon such improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage* The cost and expense
 of said improvement shall include the cost of surveys, plans, assessment, cost of construction
and all fees and compensation properly chargeable in the work of maxing such special assessment.
In case the amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premises shall exceed twenty per cent,
of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for
State and County taxation, such cost exceeding said twenty per cent shall be paid from the
general fund of the City.

Section 3. The assessment district for said improvement shall include the lots and premises
within the following boundaries to-wit: Commencing on the East side of said second street at the
point where said street intersects with Fremont street; running thence along the East side of said
Second street in a southerly direction to its intersection with Garcia street; thence easterly along
Garcia street to its intersection with the alley running northerly and southerly in block 24;
thence northerly along the West side of said alley through blocks 24, 23, 22, 21, 20, and 19 to the
intersection of said alley with the alley running easterly and westerly through said block 19;
thence westerly along the North line of said last mentioned alley to the East line of lot 1, in 
block 19; thence northerly along the East line of said lot 1, to Fremont street; thence westerly
along the south line of said Fremont street to the place of beginning, excepting from said
district lots l, 2, and 3, in block No. 22.

Section 4, The said work shall be done under contract to be let by this Board to the lowest
responsible bidder and upon such conditions as the Board of City Commissioners may prescribe in
the letting of such contract.

Section, 5, A special assessment is hereby required to be made pro rata upon the lots in
the above described special assessment district, according to frontage; and the City Assessor is
hereby directed immediately upon the passage of this ordinance to make such special assessment
according to frontage and he is hereby directed to assess the sum of Two Thousand seven hundred
and Sixty ($2760.00) dollars, the same being the amount hereby determined necessary to cover
the cost of such improvement. From the date of the approval of the assessment roll the special
assessment shall constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land assessed.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and publication
for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age. I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was
read for the first time at a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 7th,
day of January, 1914, and read for the second time and passed at its regular meeting held on the
4th day of February, 1914, by the following vote, to-wit: Commissioner Griffith, Curtiss, Sullivan
and his honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, None. Approved this 4th, day of February, 1914.

(SEAL)	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of publication.

State of Nevada)

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in 
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No, 53 of the City of Las
Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 7th, day of
February, 1914 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit
February 7th, 1914 that said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named that the charge for the same was $_

(SEAL)	Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th, day of March A.D. 1914.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 54.	
Ordinance No. 54.

  An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvement of Fremont street by constructing

  cement concrete sidewalks on the North side of said street, and providing for the payment

Therefore by special assessment.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas so ordain as follows:

Section 1. It is hereby ordered that a cement, concrete sidewalk shall be constructed along
the North side of Fremont street on Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, commencing at a point one hundred
feet west of the West line of second street where it intersects the North line of Fremont street,
and running thence easterly along the North line of Fremont street to the west line of Fifth street
where it intersects the North line of Fremont street. Said sidewalk shall be constructed in accordance
with the provisions of ordinance No. 47 of the City of Las Vegas and in accordance with the plats
and digrams of said work on file in the office of the City Clerk.

Section 2. Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of ground fronting
on the North side of said Fremont street and abutting upon said improvement, and the cost thereof
shall be collected by special assessment and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots and
premises abutting upon such improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage, the cost
and expense of said improvement shall include the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, cost of
construction and all fees and compensation properly chargeable in the work of making such special
assessment. In case the amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premises shall exceed
twenty per cent of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or
assessment roll for State and County taxation, such cost exceeding said twenty per cent, shall be
paid from the general fund of the City.

Section 3. The assessment district for said improvement shall include the lots and premises
within the following boundaries, to-wit: Commencing at a point on the North lane of Fremont street
at one hundred feet West of the west line of second street where it intersects the North line of
Fremont street; thence easterly along the North line of Fremont street to the west line of Fifth
street where it intersects the North line of Fremont street; thence northerly along the west line
of said Fifth street to the point where the alley of block 34 interacts the west line of Fifth
Street; thence westerly alone the South line of said alley through blocks 34, 31, 18, 15 to the point
where the west line of lot 19 in block 15 intersects the South line of said alley; thence southerly
along the west line of said lot 19 in block 15 to the point of beginning.

Section 4. That said work shall be done under contract to be let by this Board to the lowest
responsible bidder and upon such conditions as the Board of City Commissioners may prescribe in the let
letting of such contract.

Section 5. A special assessment is hereby required to be made pro rata upon the lots in the above
described special assessment district, according to frontage; and the City assessor is hereby	

directed immediately upon the passage of this ordinance to make such special assessment according
to frontage and he is hereby directed to assess the sum of Two Thousand six Hundred forty-three
($2643.00) Dollars, the same being the amount hereby determined necessary to cover the cost of
such improvement. From the date of the approval of the assessment roll the special assessment
shall constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of and assessed.

Section 6. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age. I hereby certify that the foregoing
Ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held on the 7th, day of January, 1914, and read for the second time and passed at its regular
meeting on the 4th day of February, 1914, by the following vote, to-wit: Commissioners Griffith,
Curtiss, Sullivan, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes. None.

(SEAL) Approved this 4th, day of February A.D. 1914. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.	

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.
Affidavits of publication.

State of Nevada)

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 54. of the City of Las
Vegas, was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one weeK on the 7th, day of
February A.D. 1914, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper and circulated on each of the dates
above mentioned.	 Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th, day of March A.D. 1914.

 (SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 55.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvements of Fremont street by

	

constructing cement, concrete sidewalks on the south side of said street, and providing for the

payment therefor by special assessment.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

	Section, 1, It is hereby ordered that a cement, concrete sidewalk shall be constructed along

the south side of Fremont Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, commencing at a point where the

South line of Fremont street intersects the East line of second street, and running thence easterly

along the south line of Fremont street to the west line of Fifth street where it intersects the

South line of Fremont street excepting lot 6, in block; No. 19, said sidewalk shall be constructed

in accordance with the provisions of ordinance No, 47, of the City of Las Vegas and in accordance

with the plats and diagrams of said work on file in the office of the City Clerk.

Section 2. Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of ground fronting on

the south side of said Fremont Street and abutting upon said improvement, and the cost thereof

shall be collected by special assessment and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots and premises

abutting upon such improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage, the cost and expense

of said improvement shall include the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, cost of construction

and all fees and compensation properly chargeable in the work of making such special assessment
in case the amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premises shall exceed twenty per cent
of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for
State and County taxation such cost exceeding said twenty per cent, shall be paid from the general
fund of the City.

Section 3. The assessment district for said improvement shall include the lots and premises
within the following boundaries, to-wit: Commencing at a point on the south line of Fremont Street
where said South line of said street intersects the East line of second street; thence easterly
along the South line of Fremont street to the west line of Fifth street where it intersects the
South line of Fremont street; thence southerly along the West line of said Fifth street to the
point where the alley of Block 35 intersects the west line of fifth street; thence westerly along
the North line of said alleys through Blocks Nos. 35, 30 and 19 to the point where the North line of
said alley intersects the East line of second street; thence Northerly along the East line of second
Street to the place of beginning, excepting from said district lot 6 in block No. 19.

Section 4. The said work shall be done under contract to be let by this Board to the lowest
responsible bidder and upon such conditions as the Board of City Commissioners may prescribe

in the letting of such contract.

Section 5. A special assessment is hereby required to be made pro rata upon the lots in the
above described special assessment district, according to frontage; and the City assessor is
hereby directed immediately upon the passage of this Ordinance to make such special assessment
according to frontage and he is hereby directed to assess the sum of Two thousand four hundred and 
three ($2403.00) Dollars, the same being the amount hereby determined necessary to cover the cost
of such improvement. From the date of the approval of the assessment roll the special assessment
 shall constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land assessed.

Section 6. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 7th, day of January, 1914, and read for the second
time and passed at its regular meetings held on the 4th day of February, 1914 by the following vote
to-wit; Commissioner Griffith, Curtiss, Sullivan, and his honor the Mayor voting aye, Noes, None.

(SEAL) Approved this 4th, day of February A.D. 1914. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.	

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

State of Nevada )

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No, 55 of the City of Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, was continuously published in said newspaper
for the period of one week on the 7th day of February 1914, inclusive, being the Issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: February 7th, 1914. That said newspaper was regularly
circulated and issued on each of the above dates mentioned.	

Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th, day of March, A.D. 1914.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Ordinance No. 56.

  An Ordinance creating a Board of cemetery Trustees, providing for the appointment of members
thereof, defining their powers and duties and other matters relating thereto.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:
Section 1. That a Board of Cemetery Trustees be and the same is hereby created, to consist
of six members, to be divided into three classes; those in the first class to hold their office
for one year;  those in the second class for two years, and those in the third class for three	

years. The membership of such Board of Trustees snail be appointed by the Board of City Commissioners 
at the first regular or special meeting held by said Board of City Commissioners after
this ordinance taxes effect, and two Trustees shall be appointed in each class. To be eligible
to such office the person appointed as Trustee must be a bona fide resident of the City of Las
Vegas and a citizen of the United States (male or female) over the age of twenty one years.

Such Trustee may be removed from office as other appointive officers of the City of Las Vegas.



In case of the death, removal from office or resignation of any trustee the Board of City Commissioners
 shall as soon as possible thereafter appoint a successor to fill the unexpired term of the
office becoming vacant. The term of office of the members of the Board first appointed shall begin
to run from the date of such appointment, and they shall hold office for the respective terms
for which they are appointed and until their successors are appointed and qualify. Upon the
expiration of the term of office of any trustee it shall be the duty of the Board of City Commissioners

 at the next regular or special meeting held thereafter to appoint a new trustee to fill such
office. All Trustees appointed shall qualify by taxing an official oath of office which shall be filed

	

with the City Clerk. The members of the Board of Cemetery Trustees shall be entitled to no compensation
for their services.

 Section 2. The Board of Cemetery Trustees shall elects one of their number as Chairman, one
as Secretary and one as Treasurer thereof. Said Board of Trustees shall adopt such by-laws not 
inconsistent with the laws of the State of Nevada, the Charter of the City of Las Vegas or any of the
Ordinances thereof as may be deemed necessary for its organization, the regulation of its affairs, the



management of property under its care and the performance of all duties within the object and
purposes of its creation.

Section  3. The said Board of Cemetery Trustees shall have the power, subject to the control
and supervision of the Board of City commissioners, to Survey, plat, map, fence, ornament, and
otherwise improve all public burial and cemetery grounds owned or controlled by the City of Las
Vegas, such land, or such parts thereof, as may from time to time be required for that purpose, shall
be surveyed and subdivided into lots or plats of such size as the Trustees may direct, with such
avenues, paths, alleys and walks as the Trustees deem proper, and a map, or maps, of such surveys
shall be filed in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County; and after filing such maps, the
Trustees may sell and convey the acts or plats designated upon such maps, upon such terms as
shall be agreed upon, and subject to such conditions and restrictions, to be inserted in, or
annexed to, the conveyances, as the trustees shall prescribe; the conveyances to be executed in
the name of the City of Las Vegas, and signed by the Chairman and secretary of the Board of
Trustees. The moneys received from the sale of lots or plats shall be by the Treasurer of such
Board of Cemetery Trustees paid and delivered over to the Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas
and by him placed in a special fund which is hereby created to be known as and called Las Vegas
Cemetery Fund. The Board of City Commissioners may from time to time have transferred from the
General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to said Las Vegas Cemetery Fund such sums as shall be set
apart for the care, maintenance and conduct of public burial grounds and cemeteries and such funds
shall be applied and used for no other purpose.

All indebtedness created by said Board of Cemetery Trustees shall be paid by the presentation
and allowance of bills therefor in the same manner as is prescribed for the presentation, allowance
and payment of other indebtedness against the City of Las Vegas. The amount and character of the
indebtedness to be created by said Board of Cemetery Trustees shall be controlled, limited and
and prescribed by the Board of City Commissioners. No claim of indebtedness against said City
incurred by or through said Board of Cemetery Trustees shall be allowed, audited or paid unless the
same is approved in writing by the Board of cemetery Trustees endorsed or placed upon the claim
as presented.

Section 4. The said Board of Cemetery Trustees shall have charge and supervision over the
burial in and removals of bodies from such burial grounds and cemeteries; and it shall be the
duty of such Board of Trustees to insist upon the enforcement of all rules and ordinances 
established by the City of Las Vegas for the protection and government of said grounds.

Section 5. Whenever the said lands shall be laid off into lots or plats, and such lots
or plats, or any of them, shall be transferred to individual holders, and after there has been
an interment in a lot or plat so transferred such lot or plat, from the time of such interment
shall be forever thereafter inalienable, and shall, upon the death of the holder or proprietor
thereof, descend to the heirs at law of such holder or proprietor, and to their heirs at law forever;
provided, nevertheless, that any one or more of such heirs at law may release to any other of the

said heirs at law his, her or their interest in the same, on such conditions as shall be agreed
on and specified in such release, which release shall be recorded with the County Recorder of
Clark County; and provided further, that the body of any deceased person shall not be interred

in such lot or plat, unless it be the body of a person having, at the time of such decease, an
interest in such lot or plat, or the relative of some person having such interest, or the wife of
such person, or her relative, except by the consent of all persons having an interest in such lot
or plat.

Section 6. All Ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 7. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and 
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas this 4th day of March, 1914, upon second
reading upon the following vote: Commissioners Curtiss, Griffith, Sullivan, and his honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, None. First reading February 4th, 1914. Second reading March 4th, 1914.

(SEAL)	Approved this 4th day of March, 1914. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.	

Affidavit of publication.

State of Nevada)	

County of Clark) ss.

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the Las Vegas
Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No, 56 of the City of Las Vegas was continuously published
in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 7th day of March, 1914. inclusive, being the
issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:- March 7th, 1914. That said newspaper was
regularly circulated on each of the dates above named.	Signed. Chas. P. Squires.

(SEAL)	Subscribed and swan to before me this 27th, day of March, 1914.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.	





	ORDINANCE NO. 57.

An Ordinance to amend section 7 of Ordinance No. 33, entitled An Ordinance Regulating the Distribution
of intoxicating Liquors, and regulating places where such liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses, and repealing Ordinances No. 3 and all Ordinances or parts of
ordinances in conflict therewith, an introducing a new section therein. The Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows, Section one that section 7, of ordinance No. 33. of the City of Las Vegas entitled an Ordinance regulating the distribution of intoxicating liquors
and regulating places where such liquors are sold or otherwise distributed providing for permits and
licenses and repealing ordinance No. 3, and all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith
 be and the same is hereby amended by the addition the said section seven, of the following 
 	

    words to-wit: No permits for retail liquor license in excess of fourteen (14) shall at any time
    be granted by the Board of City Commissioners and the whole number of retail liquor licenses issued
under this ordinance and in force at any one time shall not exceed fourteen (14); and should the
whole number of permits for retail liquor license granted under this ordinance at any time after
the date of the adaption hereof exceed five (5) then there after no ether or additional permits
for retail liquor license shall be granted or such licenses issued except as, or by way of, a renewal
 or assignment as by ordinance provided, of the permits and licenses theretofore issued under
this ordinance until the whole number of retail liquor license in force in said City has been reduced
 to five (5), and when ever the number of such redial liquor license has been reduced to five
(5) no permits for retail retail liquor licensee in excess of five (5) shall ever thereafter be

granted and thereupon and thereafter the whole number of liquor license issued and in force at any one time in said City shall not exceed five (5).

Section 2. A new section shall be added to the said ordinance Number 33, which shall
be number section 13½ and shall read as follows:

Section 13½ during the hours it is made unlawful by this ordinance to sell, serve or give away,
or cause or permit to be sold, served or given away, spirituous, vinous, malt or mixed intoxicating
liquors in a retail liquor establishment, saloon, tippling house, sample room, bar room, drinking
place, restaurant, club, club room or drug store, such places shall be closed at there street entrances
 with doors containing a clear, transparent glass panel, of dimensions at least eighteen inches
(18) inches by 36 inches Thirty six inches, set in said door so that the bottom of said glass panel
shall be not less than two feet nor more than four and one half feet from the bottom of the door
and it shall be unlawful for the owner, proprietor, manager, or other person having charge or
control of any such retail liquor establishment, saloon, tippling house, sample room, bar room,
drinking place, restaurant, club, club room or drug store, or any employe thereof, to place or to
permit or cause to be placed any thing on either side of said glass panel in such a way or position
as to hinder or obstruct the free view from outside the door closing the entrance into the interior
of said retail liquor establishment, saloon, tippling house, sample room, bar room, drinking
place, restaurant, club, club room, or drug store.

Section 4. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age a weekly newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners held on the fourth day of February 1914 and read for the second
time and passed at its meeting on the 1st day of April 1914 by the following vote to-wit- commissioners
 Griffith, Curtis, Sullivan, and his honor the Mayor, aye, Noes None.

(SEAL) Approved this 1st, day of April 1914,	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

State of Nevada)

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 57, of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on the 4th
day of April, 1914 inclusive being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit- April
 4th, 1914. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named, That the charge for publishing the same was.	Signed Chas. P. Squires,

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st day of December A.D. 1914.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

	

Ordinance No. 58.

An Ordinance providing for the Collection of a dog tax or license.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That from and after the first day of January, 1915, there is hereby levied upon and
against each and every dog now in or which may come into the City of las Vegas Nevada, the following
sums of money, fees or taxes, viz; For each male dog, $2.50 dollars, for each female dog $5.00
dollars, which said sums of money shall be due and must be paid annually on the first day of January

of each and every year. For each	dog coming or brought into the said City after the day fixed for the payment

and collection of such license fee or tax the full annual license or tax for the currant year shall
be immediately collected and paid.

Section 2. It is hereby made the duty of every person owning, keeping or harboring any dog,  
or owning or occupying the premises wherein any dog makes its home to call upon and pay to the
City Clerk the license or tax hereinbefore provided for and fixed, and upon so paying said fee or tax
to the said official, the latter shall give to the person so paying the same a receipt therefor,

together with a metal tag bearing the legend: "Dog Tax for __ __ __ __ __ __ __ _ (the current year) Paid,

Las Vegas, Nevada" which tags shall be consecutively numbered and a record thereof kept by the
official distributing and issuing the same, such tag shall be firmly fixed to a leathern or metal

collar and constantly worn by the dog upon which the tax or license has been paid. The moneys so

received by the said Clerk shall be paid over to the City Treasurer at the end of every month.

Section 3. Any person who after the first day of January, 1915, shall own, keep, entertain,

harbor or feed any dog upon which the said license fee or tax has not been paid for the current year,

or who shall own or keep or occupy the premises whereon or wherein any dog upon which the said
license fee or tax has not been paid for the current year shall be maintained or kept, shall be	

deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and fined in any sum not less than one dollar and not exceeding the

sum of 20 dollars ($20.00) for each and every such offence.

Section 4. After the first day of January, 1915, it shall be the duty of the police and every
member of the police of said City to immediately shoot, kill or destroy any dog which may be owned
kept, harbored or maintained within the City of Las Vegas upon which the license or tax for the
current year has not been paid, or which does not wear a collar and tag advertising the fact of such
payment, and make a report thereof to the City Clerk.

Section 3. This ordinance shall take effect from and after its passage, approval and 
publication as by law provided.

Section 6. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting
of the City Board of Commissioners held on the 2nd day of September 1914, and read for the second time 
and passed at its meeting on the 7th day of October, 1914, by the following vote, to-wit:- Commissioners
Griffith, aye; Curtiss, aye; Smith, aye; Sullivan, aye; and his Honor the Mayor, aye. Noes, None.

	Approved this 7th, day of October, 1914.

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.	W.B. Hawkins, Mayor.

Affidavit of Publication.

State of Nevada)

ss.

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher
of the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 58. of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one	

week on the 28th day of November 1914 inclusive, being the issues of said newspapers for the
following dates, to-wit:— November 28th, 1914. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated

on each of the dates above named, That the charge for publishing the same was____________________

Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st, day of December, A.D. 1914.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.
Ordinance No. 59.

An Ordinance to amend Section Eight (8) of Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
"An Ordinance Fixing the Fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, Regulating Building Construction and
the Keeping and storage of Combustibles and Explosives."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Sectional 1. That section 8 of Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled an Ordinance
fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction and the keeping
and storage of combustibles and explosives be and the same is hereby amended by the addition to the
said section of the following words, to-wit:- "Provided however, that for industrial purposes
quantities of petroleum and products thereof in excess of the amount herein stated may be kept within

said fire limits when the same shall be stored or kept in a tank or receptacle made of material
designated by the Fire Commissioner of said City and according to such rules and regulations as
said Fire Commissioner may require. Before storing or keeping any combustible material in greater
quantities than allowed by this ordinance within said fire limits, application so to do must be
made to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and upon the approval of the Fire
Commissioner of said City the Board of City Commissioners may grant the applicant a permit for the
same."

Section 2. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and
unanimously carried and voted by the entire Board it was ordered that this ordinance be an emergency ordinance,
the tote on said resolution being as follows, to-wit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye; Curtis, aye;
Sullivan aye; Smith, aye; and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Dated this 3rd day of March A.D. 1915.	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Attest:— Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of the

Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in

the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached ordinance of the City of Las Vegas,

No. 59, was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on March 13,

1915 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:— March, 13th

1915 that said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above mentioned.

That the charge for the same was.	Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of May A.D. 1915.

Henry M. Lillis, Notary Public.



	Ordinance No. 60.

"An Ordinance to amend section one of Ordinance No. 57 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An
Ordinance to amend section seven of Ordinance No. 33, entitled, An Ordinance regulating the
distribution of intoxicating liquors and regulating places where liquors are sold or otherwise
distributed, providing for permits and licenses and repealing Ordinance No. 3, and all ordinances
and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith, and and introducing a new section therein."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follow;

Section 1. That section No. 1 of Ordinance No. 57 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An

Ordinance to amend section 7 of Ordinance No. 33 entitled, "An ordinance regulating the
distributions of intoxicating liquors and regulating places where such liquors are sold or otherwise
distributed, providing for permits and licenses, and repealing Ordinance No. 3, and all ordinances
or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith be, said the same is hereby amended to read as
follows: "No permits for retail liquor license in access of fourteen shall at any time be granted
by the Board of City Commissioners and the whole number of retail liquor licenses issued under this
ordinance and in force at anyone time shall not exceed fourteen; and should the whole number of
permits for retail liquor license granted under this ordinance at any time after the date of the
adoption hereof exceed five, then thereafter no other or additional permits for retail liquor license
shall be granted or such license issued, except as hereinafter provided, until the whole number of
retail liquor licenses in force in said City has been reduced to five, and whenever the number of
such retail liquor licenses has been reduced to five no permits for retail liquor license in excess of
five shall ever thereafter be granted and thereupon and thereafter the whole number of liquor license
issued and in force at any one time in said City shall not exceed five, provided that the Board
of City Commissioners may in their discretion grant permits for retail liquor license by way of
renewal or assignment, or to the bona fide owners of the premises whereon a retail liquor business
is being conducted at the time of the application for a permit and for which a permit for retail
liquor license has been heretofore granted."

Section 2. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at at regular meeting
of the City Commissioners held on the 3rd day of March, 1915, and read for the second time and
passed at its regular meeting on the 7th day of April, 1915, by the following vote, to-wit: —
Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtis, No, Sullivan, aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

Approved this 7th day of April A.D. 1915.	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of the

Las Vegas age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in

the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas,



No. 60 was continuously published in said newspaper for the period of one week on April 17, 1915
inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates to-wit:- April 17th, 1915.

That said newspaper was regularly published and issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named.	Signed. Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of May, 1915.

(SEAL)	Henry M. Lillis, Notary Public.
ORDINANCE NO. 61.	

An Ordinance to amend Section Six (6) of Ordinance No. Twenty seven (27) entitled "An Ordinance
fixing the Fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction and the keeping
and Storage of combustibles and Explosives."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as Follows:—

Section 1. That section Six (6) of Ordinance No. Twenty seven (27) of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction
 and the keeping of combustibles and explosives" be and the same is hereby amended by the
addition to said Section Six (6) the following words, to-wit:- Provided however no building shall be
erected in the fire limits until a permit thereof be first obtained from the Police and
Fire Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas.

An application for said permit shall be made on blanks furnished by the City of Las Vegas, by
the Owner, Lessee, Firm or corporation, or their or its duly authorized Agent, and plans and
specifications drawn and prepared to comply with the provisions of said ordinance No. Twenty Seven
(27) shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk. Upon the filing of an application, plans
and specifications in the office of the City Clerk, he shall notify the police and Fire Commissioner
that the said application, plans and specifications are on file ready for his inspection and action
thereon. It shall be the duty of the said Fire and Police Commissioner to examine said application,
plans and specifications and if he shall find from such examination that the proposed building,

when completed according to the said plans and specifications, will comply with the provisions of
said ordinance No. Twenty seven (27) he shall instruct the City Clerk to issue a permit as prayed for
in the said application. If the Police and Fire Commissioner upon examination of the said application,
plans and specifications finds that they do not comply with the provisions of said ordinance No.

Twenty seven (27) he shall return the said plans and specifications to the applicant together with
a written statement of his objections.

Section 2. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review a weekly newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

I, Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby certify
that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time before the board July 7th, 1915, 

second reading August 4th, 1915, and passed by the following vote: Commissioners Elwell, aye;

Ball, aye; Hicks, aye; and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, voting aye. Noes,  None.

(SEAL) Attest: Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.	Approved, W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Affidavit of Publisher.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
and that the Ordinance No. 61, of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true and correct
copy, was published in said paper one issue, on the following dates to-wit:- August 7th, 1915.

Chas. C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th day of August A.D. 1915.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.
	ORDINANCE NO 62.

An Ordinance amending Sections Six (6) and Seven (7) of Ordinance No Forty Eight (48) of the

City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, entitled, An Ordinance licensing, for the purpose of

regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or



carried on within corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the
rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and
a punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing
Ordinances Numbers one (1), Two (2) Three (3) Four (4) Thirteen (13), Fourteen (14) and
Thirty Five (35) The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las egas do ordain as follows;
Section 1. Section No Six (6) of the above entitled ordinance is hereby repealed.

Section 2, Section Seven of the above entitled Ordinance is hereby amended to read as follows
The rates of license tax for business, trades, occupation and employments hereinafter named
are hereby fixed in and for the City of Las Vegas, and the same shall be paid by any person
engaged in or carrying on the same in said City, as follows:

(1) For each shooting Gallery, Ten (10) Dollars per quarter.

(2)	For each patent Medicine Agency, Twenty five ($25.00) Dollars per quarter.

(3) For each Theater or Moving Picture Show, Seven and 50-100($7.50) dollars per quarter.

(4) For each traveling Optometrist, One hundred ($100.00) Dollars per day.

(5)	For each Astrologer, Palmist, Seer, Phrenologist, Fortune Teller, Clairvoyant or
Spiritualist who demands or receives a fee for his or her services, One Hundred ($100.00)
Dollars per day.

(6)	For each Merry-Go Round or carousal, Five ($5.00) dollars per week.

(7)	For each traveling show, Twenty five ($25.00) dollars per day.

(8)	For each circus, Fifty ($50.00) dollars per day.

(9)	For each Street Carnival, Twenty five ($25.00) dollars per day.

(10)	For each Trade or Merchandise-paying Slot Machine, Fifteen ($15.00) dollars per quarter.

(11)	For each skating rink, Ten ($10.00) Dollars per quarter.

(12)	For each Pawn shop, Fifty ($50.00) dollars per quarter.

(13)	For each Employment or Intelligence Office, Twenty five ($25.00) dollars per quarter.

(14)	For each Billiard or pool table, Two and 50-100 ($2.50) dollars per quarter.

(15)	For each bowling alley, Five ($5.00) dollars per quarter.

(16) For each person, firm or corporation who ships in an sells, in the City of Las Vegas,
any bankrupt, assigned or damaged stock of goods and wares, merchandise, drugs, jewelry,
dry goods, boots and shoes, clothing, hardware, groceries, furniture or other stock of 
merchandise, shall pay a license tax of one hundred ($100.00) dollars per quarter or fraction
thereof.

(17)	For the business of dealing in second hand goods, wares or merchandise of any kind,
character or description, where as a part of any such transaction, a contract or agreement id
made, or an undertaking, verbal, written or otherwise, had with the vendor, to re-sell to
him the same goods, wares or merchandise, or to sell other goods or wares or merchandise in
their place or stead, then and in case of such agreement as aforesaid, a license tax of twenty
five ($25.00) per quarter shall be paid.

(18)	Corn Doctors, Traveling Merchants, Hawkers, Vendors of Books, Charts, Maps, Patent
Medicines, or any minor articles of trade, or peddlers who vend goods, wares or merchandise
of any kind, whether by sample or otherwise, to those not regularly engaged in carrying on
the business of selling such books, etc., must pay a license of twenty-five ($25.00)
dollars per month; and every such traveling Merchant, Hawker or peddler who uses a
wagon or cart, or one or more animals for the purpose of vending such goods wares, 
merchandise of any kind, must pay a license of thirty-five ($35.00) dollars per month;
provided, however, that every persons who vends or peddles vegetables, berries, or fruit,
shall pay a license tax of Twenty five ($25.00) dollars per year, or for any part or portion
of a year. In cases where persons are engaged in such occupation for less then one month
they shall pay a license of Five ($5.00) dollars per day for each day or part of a day or
night while so engaged, and when obtaining a license such person shall state the number of
days foe which they shall require the same, which shall be inserted therein by the City Clerk
and on the expiration thereof they shall, before engaging further in such occupation, procure
a new license; provided, that every traveling merchant, hawker or vendor, street faker or
advertiser, who advertises goods, wares or merchandise of any kind by music, singing or dancing
jugglery, tricks, sleight of hand, buffoonery, gymnastics or any spectacular display, show
or performance or by speeches or oratory, or by any performance upon the streets calculated to
draw or collect a crowd of people about those calling or advertising wares as aforesaid, shall
pay a license tax of twenty five ($25.00) dollars per day; provided further, that this section
shall not apply to any farmer, who vends or peddles vegetables, berries or fruit raised or
grown by him on land owned or rented by him in the county of Clark. Provided further, that
the obtaining of a license to do any of the things or for any business in this Ordinance
specified, shall not authorize or empower the holder of such license to do any thing which is
now or may hereafter be made unlawful by any ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, or other Law
applicable thereto.

Section 3. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after the 31st day of
December A.D. 1915, and its passage and publication for one week (one week) one issue in
the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and
designated by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas as the official 
Newspaper for said City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a regular
meeting of the City Commissioners held on the 3rd, day of November, A.D. 1915. and read for
the second reading on the 1st day of December A.D. 1915. and passed by the following Vote

to-wit; Commissioners Elwell, No, Matzdorf, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the



Mayor Voting aye. W.E. Hawkins.

Attest; Harley A. Harmon. Clerk.	Approved W.E. Hawkins. Mayor.

Affidavits of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas of which the above is a true
and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue on the following dates to-wit. December
4th, 1915.

		

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 31st day of December A.D. 1915.

(seal). 		Harley A. Harmon, Clerk
			ORDINANCE NO 63.

An Ordinance prohibiting dogs from running at large within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and requiring all persons owning, keeping or harboring any
dog or dogs within the limits of the City of Las Vegas to keep said dog or dogs on their premises,
     and at all times to wear a dog muzzle.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows;

Section 1. It shall be unlawful to allow or permit any male or female dog of any age whatsoever to
run at large within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

Section 2. It is hereby made the duty of very person owning, keeping or harboring any dog, or occupying
 the premises where any dog makes its home to secure a Laced Wire Dog Muzzle with all of its parts
throughly secured and then fasten it ever the mouth and head of the Dog with a strong leather collar, 
      and keep said dog or dogs muzzled both day and night.

Section 3. Every person who has paid the Dog license or tax on his or her dog or dogs for the year
A.D. 1916, may apply at the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and receive from said City Clerk a muzzle or muzzles for his or her dog or dogs, and
without cost to the applicant. And the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby directed
to deliver the said muzzle, or muzzles to the person or persons so applying, and keep record of the

same.

Section 4. It shall be and it is hereby made the duty of the City Marshal, City Policeman, Special
Policemen or Watchman of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and each and
all of them, when any dog is found loose or at large within the City limits of the City of Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, to immediately kill such dog at the place where found, or
capture and secure such dog and remove it to a convenient place and there immediately kill such dog
as under the circumstances of the case be most expedient.

Section 5. Any person who allows any dog owned by him or under his control, to run at large within
the limits of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, in violation of any
of the provisions of this ordinance, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor; and upon conviction
thereof shall be fined in any sum not less than five dollars nor more than One Hundred Dollars for
each and every such offence.

Section 6. Whereas, in as much as there is no ordinance of said City prohibiting dogs from
running at large within the limits of the City of Las Vegas and requiring each dog to wear a muzzle

an emergency is declared to exist and this ordinance is hereby declared an emergency ordinance.

Section 7. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and publication
 for one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review a weekly Newspaper, printed end published
in the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Ball, and duly carried by
the entire Board with the following vote to-wit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye; Elwell, aye; Ball aye;
Hicks, aye; and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye, the above ordinance was duly passed and
carried.

	Approved. W.E. Hawkins. Mayor.

(SEAL) Attest:- Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.
Affidavit of Publication.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is a citizen of the United States
      over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review a weekly newspaper
of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that the 0rdinance
 No. 63 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached is a true and correct copy was
published in said paper one issue, on the following dates, to-wit: March 11, 1916.

________________C. C. Corkhill_______________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 25th day of April, A. D. 1916

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon.

City Clerk in and for Clark County, Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO. 64.

  An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, providing for the
improvement of Main Street by constructing cement concrete sidewalk on the east side of said street,
and providing for payment therefor by special assessment.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It is hereby ordered that a cement, concrete sidewalk shall be constructed along the east
side of Main Street, in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, commencing at the intersection of Main Street with Garces Street and running thence
northerly along the east side of Main Street to its intersection with Stewart Street, excepting all of
the lots, pieces or parcels of land, contained in Blocks numbered Two (2), Three (3) and Eight (8);

Lots (14) Fourteen, Fifteen (15) and Sixteen (16) in Block No. Four (4); Lots One (1), Two (2), Three

(3), Four (4) and the north eighteen (18) feet of Lot Five (5), in Block No. Five, (5), and Lots Thirteen
(13), Fourteen (14) and Fifteen (15), in Block No. Six (6). Said sidewalk shall be constructed
in accordance with the provisions of Ordinance No. Forty-seven (47) of the City of Las Vegas, an 
ordinance entitled ''An Ordinance establishing official grades of lots, streets, alleys, avenues, public
places, sewers and other grades in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and of the City of Las Vegas, and 
regulating the construction of sidewalks therein and other matters relating thereto," and in accordance with
the petition, plat and estimate of the cost of said work on file in the office of the City Clerk.

Section 2. Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of the ground fronting on the
east side of said Main Street and abutting on said improvement, and the cost thereof shall be collected
by special assessment and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots and premises abutting upon such 
improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage.

The cost and expense of said improvement shall include the cost of surveys, plans, assessment, cost
of construction and all fees and compensation properly chargeable in the work of making such special
assessment. In case the amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premises shall exceed twenty
(20) per cent of the value of such lot or premises, as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment
roll for state and county taxation, said cost exceeding said twenty (20) per cent shall be paid from
the general fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,

Section 3. The assessment district for said improvement shall include the lots and premises within the
following boundaries, to-wit:



Commencing at the intersection of Main Street with Garces Street and running thence northerly
along the east side of Main Street to its intersection with Stewart Street; thence easterly along
Stewart Street to its intersection with the alley in Block One (1); thence southerly along said alley
through Blocks One (l), Two (2), Three (3), Four (4), Five (5), Six (6), Seven (7) and Eight (8) to
its intersection with Garces Street; thence westerly along Garces Street to the place of beginning,
excepting from said district all of the lots, pieces or parcels of land contained in Blocks Nos. Two
(2), Three (3), and Eight (8); Lots Fourteen (14), Fifteen (15) and Sixteen (16), in Block No. Four

(4); Lots One (l), Two (2), Three (3), Four (4), and the north eighteen (18) feet of Lot Five (5)
in Block No. Five (5) and Lots Thirteen (13), Fourteen (14) said Fifteen (15) in Block No. Six (6).

Section No. 4. The said work shall be done under contract to be let by this board to the lowest
responsible bidder and upon such conditions as the Board of City Commissioners may prescribe in letting
such contract.

Section 5. A special assessment is hereby required to be made pro rata in the above described special
assessment District, according to frontage; and the City Assessor is hereby directed immediately upon
the passage of this ordinance to make such special assessment according to frontage, and he is hereby
directed to assess the sum of One Thousand Two Hundred and Fifty-five and 70-100 ($1255.70) Dollars,
the same being the amount hereby determined necessary to cover the cost of such improvement. From the
date of the approval of the assessment roll the special assessment shall constitute a lien upon the
respective lots or parcels of land assessed.

Section 6. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force form and after its passage and publication

for one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting of

the Board of City Commissioners held on the first day of March, 1916, and read for the second time and

passed at its regular meeting on the 8th day of April, 1916, by the following vote, to-wit: Commissioners

Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor, the Mayor, W. E. Hawkins, voting aye.

________W. E. Hawkins._______________

Mayor.

Attest:

Harley A. Harmon.

City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United States

over the age of eighteen years,; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper
 of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that the
Ordinance No. 64 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached is a true and correct copy,
was published in said paper one issue, on the following dates, to-wit: April 8th, 1916.

Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 25th day of April A. D. 1916.

		Harley A. Harmon.	________

City Clerk in and for Clark County, Nevada

ORDINANCE NO. 65.



   An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, providing for the



improvement of Main Street by constructing a cement, concrete sidewalk on the east side of said street,

and providing for payment therefor by special assessment.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It is hereby ordered that a cement, concrete sidewalk shall be constructed along the

east side of Main Street, in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, in the County of

Clark, State of Nevada, commencing at the intersection of Main Street with Carson Street and running

thence northerly along the east side of Main Street to its intersection with Ogden Street, excepting

Lots Nos. One (1), Four (4), Five (5), Sixteen (16) and the south fifteen (15) feet of Lot Fifteen

(15) in Block No. Two (2), and Lots One (1), Two (2), Three (3), Four (4) and Five (5), in Block

No. Three (3). Said sidewalk shall be constructed in accordance with the provisions of Ordinance No.

Forty-seven (47), of the City of Las Vegas, and Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance establishing the

official grade of lots, streets, alleys, avenues, public places, sewers and other grades in Clark's

Las Vegas Townsite and the City of Las Vegas, and regulating the construction of sidewalks therein,

and other matters relating thereto," and in accordance with the plat and estimate of the cost of said

		-	

work on file in the office of the City Clerk.

Section 2. Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of the ground fronting on the
east side of said Main Street and abutting on said improvement, and the cost thereof shall be collected
by special assessment and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots and premises abutting upon such

improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage. The cost and expense of said improvement
shall include the cost of surveys, plans, assessment, cost of construction and all fees and compensation
properly chargeable in the work of making such special assessment. In case the amount of special
assessment upon any lot or premises shall exceed twenty (20) per cent of the value of such lot or premises 
as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for state and county taxation, such cost
exceeding said twenty (20) per cent shall be paid from the general fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
Section 3. The assessment district for said improvement shall include the lots and premises within
the following boundaries, to-wit:

Commencing at the intersection of Main Street with Carson Street, and running thence northerly
along the east side of Main Street to its intersection with Ogden Street; thence easterly along Ogden
Street to its intersection with the alley in Block No. Two (2); thence southerly along said alley
through Blocks Nos. Two (2) and Three (3) to its intersection with Carson Street; thence westerly
along Carson Street to the place of beginning, excepting from said district Lots One (1), four (4)

Five (5), Sixteen (16) and the south fifteen (15) feet of Lot Fifteen (15) in Block No. Two (2), and
Lots One (1), Two (2) Three (3), Four (4) and Five (5), in Block No. Three (3)

Section 4. The said work shall be done under contract to be let by this Board to the lowest responsible
 bidder and upon such conditions as the Board of City Commissioners prescribe in letting such
contract.

Section 5. A special assessment is hereby required to be made pro rata in the above described special
assessment district, according to frontage; and the City Assessor is hereby directed immediately
upon the passage of this Ordinance to make such special assessment according to frontage, and he 
is hereby directed to assess the sum of Eight Hundred and Twelve ($812) Dollars as being the amount
determined necessary to cover the cost of such improvement. From the date of the approval of the
assessment roll the special assessment shall constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels
of land assessed.

Section 6. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and 
publication for one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners held on the first day of March, 1916, and read for the second
time and passed at its regular meeting on the 8th day of April, 1916, by the following vote, to-wit;
Commissioners Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor, the Mayor, W. E. Hawkins, voting aye.

_________W. E. HAWKINS ._____________________

Mayor.

Attest:-

Harley A. Harmon.

City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that
the Ordinance No. 65 of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was
published in said paper one issue, on the following dates, to-wit: April 8, 1916.

	_________Chas. C. Corkhill.______________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th day of April, A. D). 1916.

	_________Harley A. Harmon.______

City Clerk in and for the City of Las Vegas.

		ORDINANCE NO. 66.

      An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic Upon the Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain:

Section 1. The following terms whenever used in this Ordinance, except as otherwise specifically
indicated, shall be deemed to have and shall be held, to include each of the meanings, respectively
set forth in this section, and any such terms used in the singular number shall be held to include
the plural.	

STREET; Every avenue, boulevard, highway, lane, alley, strip, path, square or place used by or laid
out for the use of vehicles.	

INTERSECTING STREET:	Shall mean any street which joins another at an angle whether or not it crosses

the other Street.

CURB:	The lateral boundaries of a street designed or intended for the use of vehicles whether marked

by curbing construction of stone, cement, concrete or other material or not so marked.

VEHICLE:	Every wagon, hack, coach, carriage, omnibus, pushcart, bicycle, tricycle, motorcycle 

automobile, or other conveyance, except baby carriage, railroad, street and interurban railway cars in
whatever manner or by whatever force or power the same may be driven, ridden or propelled which is
or may be used for or adapted to pleasure riding, or the transportation of passengers, baggage merchandise
 or freight, upon any street; and every draft or riding animal, whether ridden, driven or led or
is standing still, excepting that an animal or animals attached to any vehicle shall, with such vehicle 
constitute one vehicle.

DRIVER:	Every rider or driver of any animal, the rider of a bycycle, tricycle, or motorcycle the

operator of a motor vehicle, the person in charge or control of an animal, bicycle, tricycle motor-



cycle, motor vehicles or pushcart.

ANIMAL:	Every horse, pony, donkey, mule, burro or other animal capable of being ridden or driven

or capable of being guided by rein or voice.

DRIVE:	To ride, drive, propel or operate.

BUSINESS DISTRICT:	Shall consist of all that portion of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada known as

"Clark's Las Vegas Townsite", bounded and described as follows, to-wit: Commencing at the southwest

  corner of the intersection of Main Street with Garces Street; thence running northerly along the easterly
   side of said Main Street to its intersection with Stewart Street; thence running easterly along
  the northerly side of said Stewart Street to its intersection with Fifth Street; thence running southerly	

  along the easterly side of said Fifth Street to its intersection with Garces Street; thence running
 westerly along the southerly side of said Garces Street to its intersection with Main Street, the place
 of beginning; Clark Avenue, Wilson Avenue, Second Street, Third Street and Fourth Street in the 
Original Townsite of Las Vegas, Nevada.

RESIDENCE DISTRICT:	Shall consist of Buck's Addition, Buol's First and Second Additions, Wardie

Addition, Ladd's Addition, Fairview Addition, Grand View Addition, Original Townsite of Las Vegas,

Nevada, except Clark Avenue, Wilson Avenue, Second Street, Third Street and Fourth Street and all of

the unplatted acreage contained in Sections numbered 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, and 35, in

Township Twenty (20) south of Range Sixty-one (61) East, M. D. B. & M., and Sections 2, 3, 4, and 5

in Township Twenty-one (21), South of Range Sixty-one (61) East, M. D. B. & M.



 Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person to drive or propel, or cause or permit to be driven
or propelled, any vehicle, road roller, traction engine, or any implement, machine or other vehicle
except motor vehicles, upon or along any public street in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada or to permit
any such vehicles, road roller, traction engine, implement, or machine, to remain upon any such street
during the period from one hour after sunset to one hour before sunrise of the next succeeding day
unless there is attached to the left hand side of such vehicle a lamp showing a white light visible
in the direction toward which the front of said vehicle is directed, and a red light visible in the
reverse direction, or unless there is attached on the front at or hear the left hand side of such vehicle
a lamp showing a white light visible in the direction toward which the front of such vehicle is directed
and also a lamp attached to the rear of such vehicle to the left of the center thereof, showing a red lights
visible in the reverse direction; and provided further, that upon a bicycle one white light showing toward
the direction in which such bicycle is proceeding shall be deemed a compliance with the provisions of
this section.

Any person, firm or corporation, violating any of the provisions of this section shall be deemed	

guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Five
Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not less than Two Days nor more than
Twenty-five Days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 3. It shall be unlawful for any person to ride, drive or propel, or cause or permit to be
driven, ridden or propelled, any motor vehicle, other than a motorcycle, upon any public street of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, during the period of one hour after sunset to one hour before sunrise, of
the next succeeding day, unless the said vehicle is equipped with at least two lamps showing white
 lights visible under normal atmospheric conditions at least five hundred feet in the direction toward
which said motor vehicle is proceeding, and shall also carry at the rear of said motor vehicle to the
left of center thereof, a lighted lamp exhibiting one red light plainly visible for a distance of five

hundred feet toward the rear, and so placed that the number on the rear of such motor vehicle shall

be illuminated by a white light in such a manner that such number can be plainly distinguished under
normal atmospheric conditions at a distance of not less than fifty feet in the reverse direction to
which such vehicle is proceeding.

Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this section shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Ten

Dollars, nor more than One Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not

less than Five Days nor more than Fifty Days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 4. It shall be unlawful for any person to ride, drive or propel or cause or permit to be

driven or propelled, upon any public street of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, or to leave standing
upon such street, any motorcycle unless such motorcycle shall carry during the period from one hour
after sunset of any day to one hour before sunrise of the next, succeeding day, at least one lighted
lamp showing a white light visible under normal atmospheric conditions at least two hundred feet in
the direction in which the motorcycle is proceeding, and shall also carry at the rear of such motorcycle
 one red light or red reflex mirror plainly visible from the rear.

Any person firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this section shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Ten

Dollars nor more than Thirty Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not less

than Five Days nor more than Fifteen Days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 5. It shall be unlawful for any person to ride, drive or propel, or cause to be ridden,
driven or propelled, any bicycle, tricycle, velocipede, automobile or other riding machine or horseless
 vehicle, in, upon or along any public street within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,



without having attached to such bicycle, tricycle, velocipede, automobile or other riding machine or
horseless vehicle a bell, gong, horn or other signal devise, in good working order, and sufficient
to give warning of the approach of such vehicle to pedestrians and to riders and drivers of animals
or other vehicles and to persons entering or leaving other vehicles. It shall be unlawful for any
person to use or to sound, or to cause or permit to be used or to be sounded, in or upon any street,
alley or other public place any such bell, gong, horn or other signal devise in any manner other than
to produce an abrupt sound sufficiently loud to serve as an adequate warning of the approach of the
vehicle to which the same is attached, or to sound, or cause or permit to be sounded any such bell,
gong, horn or other signal device except when necessary to give such warning. It shall be unlawful
for the driver of any vehicle to which is attached any bell, gong, horn or other signal device, to
unnecessarily blow such horn, ring such bell or operate such other sound producing device in the 
immediate vicinity of any hospital or school located in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Every person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this section shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Five
Dollars nor more than Fifty Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not less than
Two Days nor more than Twenty-Five Days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 6. It shall be unlawful for any person to ride or drive, or cause to be ridden or driven
    any horse or other animal; or to ride, drive or propel, or cause to be ridden, driven or propelled,
    any vehicle at a rate of speed greater than fifteen miles per hour in, upon or along the public

streets, alleys, lanes, avenues, boulevards, strips, paths or squares in the business district of the
    the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as described and referred to in Section 1 of this Ordinance.

  Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this section shall he deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall he punished by a fine of not less than Ten
Dollars nor more than One Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not
less than Five Days nor more than Fifty Days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 7. It shall be unlawful for any person to ride or drive, or cause to be ridden or driven,
any horse, or other animal; or to ride or drive, or cause to be ridden or driven or propelled, any
vehicle at a rate of speed greater than twenty-five miles per hour in, upon or along any of the public
  streets, alleys, lanes, avenues, boulevards strips, paths or squares in the residence district of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as described and referred to in Section 1 of this Ordinance.

Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this section shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Ten
Dollars nor more than One Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not less
than Five days nor more than Fifty Days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 8. It shall be unlawful for any person, while in an intoxicated condition, to ride or drive any
animal, to drive any vehicle, in any street, alley, lane, avenue, boulevard, highway, strip, path or
square, now in use or laid out to be used by vehicles within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Every person violating any of the provisions of this section shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Twenty-five Dollars nor more
than Two Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not less than Ten Days
nor more than One Hundred Days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 9. It shall be unlawful for any person under the age of fourteen years to drive any motor
  vehicle in, upon or along any public street within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
Section 10. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to cause or permit any motor

vehicle to be driven in, upon or along any public street within the limits of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, by any person under the age of fourteen years.

Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this section shall be deemed

guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than

Twenty Dollars nor more than One Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not less than
Ten Days nor more than Fifty Days or by both such fine and imprisonment.

 

Section 11. It shall be unlawful to use or operate any motor vehicle or the motor thereof with

devices known as the "muffler cutouts" in, upon or along any of the public streets of that portion

of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, known as the business District of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
as described and referred to in Section 1 of this Ordinance.

Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this section shall be deemed

guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than

Five Dollars nor more than Fifty Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not less then Two days	

nor more than Twenty-five Days or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 12. It shall be unlawful to use or operate any motor vehicle, or vehicle or motor thereof
unless such motor vehicle or motor thereof is equipped with devices in good working order which shall
at all times be in constant operation to prevent accidents and excessive noise.

Section 13. The driver of every vehicle shall drive such vehicle in a careful manner and with due
regard for the safety and convenience of pedestrians and all vehicles upon the streets upon which the
vehicle is driven.

Section 14. The driver of any vehicle, upon meeting any other vehicle, at any place upon any street,

shall turn to the right, and on all occasions shall travel on the right hand side of such street and
as near to the right hand curb as possible.

Section 15. The driver of any vehicle shall, in overtaking and passing any other vehicle in or upon

any street, give an alarm with a bell, gong, horn or other signal device, and pass to the left of such

vehicle and 	shall not pull over to the right until so far ahead as not to interfere with the progress

of the vehicle passed.
Section 16. The driver of any vehicle moving slowly in, upon or along any street, shall
keep such vehicle as closely as possible to the curb on the right, allowing more swiftly
moving vehicles free passage on the left.

Section 17. The driver of any vehicle in or upon any street shall, before turning, stopping
 or changing the course of such vehicle, and before turning such vehicle when starting
the same, first see that there is sufficient space for such movement to be made with safety
and shall then give a plainly visible or audible signal to the drivers of the vehicles
behind the vehicle so turning, stopping or changing its course, or turning from a standstill
of his intention to make such a movement. Such signal shall be given by raising the hand

or whip or by means of a signal device that has been previously approved by the Police and

Fire Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and indicating with such hand, whip



or signalling device, the direction in which the turn is to be made.

Section 18. The driver of any vehicle in or upon any street shall, in turning to the
right into another street, turn the corner as near the right hand corner as possible.

Section 19. The driver of any vehicle in or upon any street shall, in turning to the

left into another street, pass to the right of and beyond the center of the

street intersection before turning.

Section 20. The driver of any vehicle crossing from one side of any street to the other
side thereof shall make such crossing by turning to the left so as to head in the direction
 in which the traffic is moving on the side of the street toward which the crossing

is made.

Section 21. It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle to stop the same or cause
the same to be stopped in or upon any street with the left side of such vehicle toward or
 along or next to the curb.

Section 22. It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle to stop the same, or cause

the same to be stopped, in or upon any street unless the wheels of such vehicle nearest

the curb are not more than two feet distant from such curb; provided, however, that the 
provisions of this section shall not apply in case of emergency, or when such stop is made
for the purpose of allowing another vehicle or pedestrian to pass in front of such vehicle
so stopped,	or in compliance with an order or signal from a police officers.

Section 23. It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle standing at the curb in or

upon any street to fail or refuse to give way promptly to a vehicle for the purpose of 
receiving or discharging passengers, baggage, freight or merchandise.

 Section 24. It shall be unlawful for any person to ride, drive or propel, or cause to be

ridden, driven or propelled, in, upon or along any street within the business district of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as described and referred to in Section 1 of this Ordinance
in a backward direction, if by so doing the free and uninterrupted passage of another 
vehicle is impeded.

Section 25. It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle to back such vehicle
without first giving visible or audible warning to drivers of vehicles or to pedestrians
behind such vehicle so backing.



Section 26. The driver of any animal attached to a vehicle backed up to the curb upon
any street shall turn such animal and keep the same turned at right angles to such vehicle
and in the direction in which the traffic is moving on the side of the street which the
animal is standing, or as near a right angle as the tongue or pole of the vehicle will 
permit.

Section 27. It shall be unlawful for any person to ride or drive, or cause to be ridden
or driven, any horse or other animal, or to ride, drive or propel, or cause to be ridden,
driven or propelled, any vehicle across, upon or along, any public sidewalk, or to leave
any such animal or vehicle to stand thereon, or permit any such animal or vehicle to stand
upon any public street in such a manner as to obstruct the free use of such street.
Section 28. It shall he unlawful for any person to ride or drive, or cause to he ridden or
driven, any dangerous, unbroken or partially broken animal upon any public street or to
use, or cause to be used, any such street for the purpose of breaking of training of any animal.

Section 29. The drivers of all vehicles must look out for and give right of way to vehicles
approaching simultaneously from their right at street intersections, except as otherwise
provided for in this Ordinance.

Section 30. The driver of any vehicle turning to the left from one street into another
street shall allow the right of way to vehicles traveling in the direction to which such
vehicle is turning; and the driver of any vehicle traveling in the direction in which
such vehicle is turning shall have the right of way over such vehicle so turning.



Section 31. The driver of any vehicle turning to the right from one street into another
shall have the right of way over vehicles traveling in the direction in which such 
vehicle is turning; and the driver of such vehicle traveling in the direction in which such
vehicle is turning shall allow such right of way to such vehicle so turning.

Section 32. Officers and members of the Fire Department and their apparatus of all kinds,
when going to, or on duty at, on returning from, a fire, shall have the right of way over
all other persons and vehicles on any street or through any procession, except vehicles
carrying the United States mail.	

Section 33. It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle, in or upon any street in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, or for any person standing or walking in any such street,
to fail, refuse or neglect to allow the right of way to any officer, fireman, or apparatus
of the Fire Department when the same is going to, on duty at, or returning from a fire.
Section 34. It shall be unlawful for any person or persons to tear down, remove, or in
any manner deface, destroy or carry away any guide board or sign placed or caused to be
placed at the center of the intersection of streets or elsewhere within the city limits
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the guidance of travel and traffic, by the Board of
City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Any person or persons violating any of the provisions of this section shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less
    than 	Twenty-five Dollars nor more than One Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City

   Jail for a period of not less than Five Days nor more than Fifty Days, or by both such

  fine and imprisonment.

Section 35. Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance
 shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished,
   unless otherwise provided by this Ordinance, by a fine of not less than Ten Dollars
nor more than One Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of
  not less than Five Days nor more than Fifty days or by both such fine and imprisonment.

 Section 36. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict with this Ordinance are
hereby repealed.

This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force one week (one issue) after its publication
	in the Clark	County Review, a weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada.

Approved:

W. E. Hawkins._______________

Mayor.

I, Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby
certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read the first time on June 7, 1916, and second
reading had on September 6, 1916, and passed upon the following vote, to-wit: Commissioners
Matzdorf, aye; Elwell, aye; Ball, aye; Hicks, aye; and his honor the Mayor, W. E. Hawkins, 
voting aye. Noes -none. In Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, this 7th day of September, A. D. 1916.
( SEAL)

HARLEY A. HARMON.

City Clerk in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that
the Ordinance No. 66 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper
one (1) issue on the following date, to wit: September 9, 1916.

Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 9th day of September, A. D. 1916.

Harley A. Harmon

County Clerk in and for Clark County, Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO. 67.

 An Ordinance to regulate and prevent the discharge of fire-arms, air guns, etc., within
	 the limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, except
 in a regular licensed shooting gallery, to wilfully discharge any pistol, fire-arm, air gun,
musket, or instrument of any kind, character or description, which throws a bullet or missile of
any kind, for any distance, by means of the elastic force of air or any explosive substance.

Section 2. Any person violating any of the provisions of the ordinance shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Ten
Dollars nor more than Three Hundred Dollars or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of
not less than Five Days nor more than One Hundred and Fifty Days, or by both such fine and 
imprisonment.

Section 3. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 4. This ordinance shall take effect from and after its passage and publication

according to law, for one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 3rd day of January, A. D. 1917, and read for the

			

second time and passed at its meeting on the 7th day of February, A. D. 1917, by the following
vote, to-wit: Commissioners Matzdorf, Farnsworth, Elwell, Ball, and his honor the Mayor, W. E.
Hawkins, voting aye. Noes: None.

Approved this 7th day of February, A. D). 1917.

W. E. Hawkins, Mayor.

(Seal)

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

	AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review,
 a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas Clark County,
Nevada, and that the Ordinance of which the attached is a true and correct copy was published
in said paper one consecutive issue, on the following date, to-wit: February 24th 1917.
Chas. C. Corkhill, By: R. J. Young.

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26th, day of May, A. D. 1917.

	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.



	

	ORDINANCE NO. 68.	

	An Ordinance to amend Section 22 of Ordinance No. 66, entitled "An Ordinance Regulating

	Travel and Traffic upon the Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada."

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That Section 22 of Ordinance No. 66, entitled: "An Ordinance regulating travel and

traffic upon the public streets of the City of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby amended to read

as follows:

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle to stop the same, or cause the 

same to be	stopped in or upon any street unless the wheels of such vehicle nearest the curb are not

more than two feet distant from such curb; or unless the front wheel of such vehicle, nearest the
curb, is not more than six inches distant from such curb, and the body of such vehicle shall stand at
an angle of not more than Thirty Degrees with such curb. Provided, however, that the provisions
of this section shall not apply in case of emergency, or when such stop is made for the purpose of
allowing another vehicle or pedestrian to pass in front of such vehicle so stopped, or in compliance
with an order	or signal from a police officer.

Section 3. This ordinance shall be published for a period of one week (one insertion) in the

Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.
Thereupon shall take effect and be in force.

The foregoing ordinance has passed the Board of City Commissioners this 7th day of March,

A. D. 1917, and the vote upon the following was, to-wit: Commissioner Matzdorf, aye; Commissioner
Farnsworth aye; Commissioner Elwell, aye; Commissioner Ball, aye; and his honor the Mayor, W. E.
Hawkins, aye.	Noes none.

First reading Feb. 7, 1917.

Last reading March 7, 1917.

Approved:

W. E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Attest:

Harley A. Harmon.



Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT 0F PUBLICATION.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn deposes and says: That he is a 

citizen of the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and the Ordinance No. 68 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada of which the attacked
is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one consecutive issues, on the following
date, to-wit: March 10, 1917.

Chas. C. Corkhill,

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26th day of May, 

A. D). 1917.

Harley A. Harman, City Clerk.


	ORDINANCE NO. 69.





      An Ordinance amending Sections 1 and 9 of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled

    "An Ordinance regulating travel and traffic upon the public streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,"
and repealing all ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That section 1 of said Ordinance No. 66 be, and the same is hereby amended so that the ninth
paragraph of said Section 1 of said Ordinance shall read as follows:

"BUSINESS DISTRICT: Shall consist of all that portion of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, known 
as "Clarks Las Vegas Townsite", bounded and described as follows, to-wit: Commencing at the southwest
corner of the intersection of Main Street with Garces Street; thence running northerly along the
westerly side of said Main Street to the northwest corner of the intersection of Main street and Stewart
street; thence running easterly along the northerly side of said Stewart Street to the northeast corner
of the intersection of Stewart Street and Fifth Street; thence running southerly along the easterly side
of said Fifth Street to the southeast corner of the intersection of Fifth Street and Garces Street;
thence running westerly along the southerly side of said Garces Street to the southwest corner of the
intersection of Garces Street and Main Street, the place of beginning; Clark Avenue, Wilson Avenue,

Second Street, Third Street and Fourth Street in the Original Townsite of Las Vegas, Nevada."

The remainder of said Section 1 of said Ordinance No. 66 shall be and remain in full force and effect.



Section 2. That Section 9 of said Ordinance No. 66 be, and the same is, hereby amended so as to
read as follows:

"Section 9. It shall be unlawful for any person under the age of sixteen years to drive any motor
vehicle in, upon or along any public street within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada."

Section 3. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict with this Ordinance are hereby
repealed.

Section 4. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and publication
for one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper printed and published in
the City of Las Vegas.

Approved:

W. E. Hawkins,

Mayor.

I, Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk in and for the City of Las Vegas, 

Nevada, do hereby certify that that the foregoing ordinance was read the first time on August 1, 1917, and second 

reading had on September 5, 1917, and passed upon the following vote, viz: Commissioners Matzdorf, aye; Ullom, 

aye, and his honor the mayor, W. E. Hawkins, aye.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and the seal of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
this 5th day of September, 1917.

Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

City Clerk.

(seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

R. J. Young, Jr., being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a 

citizen of the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Chief Clerk of the Clark County 

Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, 

and that the Ordinance No. 69 of which the attached is a true and correct copy was published in said paper
one (l) consecutive issue, on the following dates, to-wit; September 15, 1917.

R. J. Young Jr.

Subscribed and sworn to before me, 

this 8th day of April, A. D. 1918.

Harley A. Harmon,

County Clerk in and for Clark County, Nevada.
	ORDINANCE NO. 70.	

An Ordinance to Amend Sections Nos. 1 and 2 of Ordinance No. 10 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
"An Ordinance Defining Vagrancy and Providing Penalties for Vagrancy."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 1 of the above-entitled Ordinance is hereby amended so as to read as follows:
Section 1. Every;

1. Idle or dissolute person, without visible or known means of living, who has the physical ability

to work, and who does not seek employment, nor labor when employment is offered him; or

2.	Idle or dissolute person who roams about the country from place to place without any lawful 
business; or

3. Healthy beggar who solicits alms as a business; or

4. Person who makes a practice of going from house to house, begging food, money, or other articles,

or seeks admission to such houses from frivolous pretexts for no other apparent motive then to see who 
may be therein, or to gain an insight of the premises; or

5.	Idle or dissolute person or associate of known thieves who wanders about the streets at late or
unusual hours of the night, or prowls around dark alleys, by-ways, and other dark or unfrequented
places at any hour of the night without any legitimate business in so doing; or

6.	Idle or dissolute person who lodges in any barn, shed, shop, outhouse, or place other then kept

for lodging purposes, without the permission of the owner or person entitled to the possession thereof;

 or

7.	Common prostitute; or

8.	Common drunkard; or

9.	Pimp, panderer, procurer, or procuress; or

19. Male person who lives in and about houses of prostitution, or solicits for any prostitute or
house of prostitution; or	

11.	Idle, or lewd, or dissolute person; or

12.	Female person known as a "street walker" or common prostitute, who shall, upon the public streets,
or in or about any public place or assemblage, or in any saloon, barroom, club-room, hotel, or any
other public or general place of resort for men, or anywhere within the sight or hearing of ladies

or children, conduct or behave herself in an immodest, drunken, indecent, profane, or obscene manner,
either by actions, language, or improper exposure of her person; or

13. Boy, girl, or male or female person under the age of twenty-one years, who habitually remains
away from his home or place of residence after the hour of 9 o'clock p. m., without some lawful and
necessary business, or other imperative duty, or good and sufficient reason or cause for such absence
from home after such hour; or for his own amusement and pastime, without any legitimate business for so
doing, frequents and passes his time in any billiard-room or other place where any such games are
played, or any saloon or other place where intoxicating liquor is sold or drank; or who at any hour	of the night or day, for his own amusement and pastime, without any legitimate business for so doing,
frequents or loafs around any low den, house, or other place of vice, infamy, or immorality where
known thieves and other vicious and infamous persons resort or congregate; or -who at any hour of

or who at any hour of the night, either alone or otherwise, prowls about the streets or town, disturbing
 the peace and quiet of the neighborhood by loud or unnecessary noises, or committing petty
depredations, tricks or pranks, upon the person or property of other people, or by abusive, obscene,
or insulting language, or by any manner of rowdyism whatsoever, disturbs or annoys the passer-by,
any lawful assemblage or persons, or the neighborhood at large; or
14. Person who keeps a place where lost or stolen property is concealed; or
15. Person who solicits or procures, or who attempts to solicit or procure, money, or other
thing of value, by falsely pretending or representing himself or herself to be blind, deaf, dumb,
without arms or legs, or to be otherwise physically deficient or suffering any physical defect or
infirmity,







Is a vagrant and guilty of vagrancy, and shall upon conviction thereof be punished accordingly.
Section 2. Section 2 of the above-entitled Ordinance is hereby amended so as to read as follows:
Section 2. Each and every person convicted under the provisions of this ordinance shall be punished
by imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than three months, or by a fine of not more than three
hundred dollars, or both.

Section 3. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 4. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force after its passage and publication for
one week in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper, published at Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at an adjourned regular
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 11th day of March, 1918, and read for the second
time and passed at its meeting on the 3rd day of April, 1918, by the following vote, to-wit:
Commissioners John F. Miller, J. M. Ullom, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes. None.

Approved: this 3rd day of April, 1918.

W. E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Attest:

Harley A. Harmon,

City Clerk.

(seal)	AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

R. J. Young Jr. being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Chief Clerk of the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper for general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
and that the Ordinance No. 70 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said
paper one (l) consecutive issues, on the following dates, to-wit: April 6, 1918.

R. J. Young Jr.

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 8th day of April, A. D. 1918.

Harley A. Harmon

County Clerk in and for Clark County, Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO. 71

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, amending Section 4 of Ordinance No 22 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance Authorizing Consolidated Power & Telephone Company, a corporation, its
successors or assigns, to construct, operate and maintain gas work in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, State of Nevada."

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS;

Section 1. That Section 4 of the above-entitled Ordinance be and the same is hereby amended so
that the same shall read as follows:

Section 4. The Municipal authorities shall have the power to regulate and change rates from time
to time as may seem just and proper, the same not to exceed the maximum rate of Three Dollars for
each one thousand cubic feet of gas, and a minimum rate of One Dollar per each calendar month; provided,
however, that no rate shall be changed during a period of less then thirty days after being fixed
(except as hereinafter provided for) and that notice of intention to change rates shall be given to
the local agent of the Consolidated Power & Telephone Company, or its successors or assigns, at least
fifteen days prior to the date set for the consideration of such changes, at which time the said Consolidated
 Power & Telephone Company, or its successors or assigns, may appear and have a hearing. The
grantee herein, or its successors or assigns, may apply at any time upon thirty days previous notice
to the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, for a change in rates, and said Board may upon such
hearing change the rates.

The municipal authorities shall further have the power to make all necessary rules and regulations
for the laying and maintaining of all gas pipes, or apparatuses, and to require that proper and 
efficient service is given to all consumers from whom gas charges are collected.
The Municipal authorities shall have the power to change the rules and regulations from
time to time as in their judgment may seem just and proper, and all rules formulated by the Consolidated
Power & Telephone Company, or its successors or assigns, shall be approved by the municipality
 before being put into effect.

The said Consolidated Power & Telephone Company, its successors or assigns shall have the
right to charge, receive and collect, subject to the changes and regulation of prices herein provided
 for, the sum of Three Dollars for each one thousand cubic feet of gas supplies by it, and a
minimum rate of One Dollar per each calendar month.

Section 2. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage
and publication and acceptance, and the grantee herein, its successors or assigns, shall pay the
expenses of publishing the same. Acceptance hereof by said grantee, its successors or assigns
shall be filed in writing with the City Clerk within thirty day s from the date of the passages
of this Ordinance.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 5th day of June, 1918, upon the following
vote: Ball, aye; Miller, aye; Elwell, aye; Ullom, aye; and his Honor the Mayor W. E. Hawkins, aye.

First reading April 3rd, 1918, Second reading June 5th, 1918.

Approved: W. E. Hawkins,

mayor.

Attest: HARLEY A. HARMON,

City Clerk.

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

R. J. Young Jr., being first duly sworn, deposes and says; That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years, that he is the Chief Clerk of the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
and that the Ordinance (No. 71) of the City of Las Vegas of which attached is a true and correct
copy, was published in said paper one (l) issue on the following date, to-wit: June 8, 1918.

R. J. Young Jr.

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 12th day of June, A. D. 1918.

Harley A. Harmon,

City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO. 72	

An Ordinance amending Sections 2, 3, 6 and 7 of Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, entitled: "An Ordinance fixing the Fire Limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building
construction and the keeping of combustibles and explosives."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That Section 2 of said Ordinance No. 27 be, and the same hereby is, amended so
that the same shall read as follows:

Sec. 2. No building, shed, stable, barn, feed yard or outbuilding of any description, or
any part of any such building, shed, stable, barn, feed yard or outbuilding of any description, shall
be erected or enlarged within said fire limits, excepting as otherwise hereinafter provided, unless
all of the outside walls and party walls thereof shall be built of stone, concrete, terra cotta,
brick, adobe, or other equivalent incombustible materials, and all wooden joists beams and other
wooden timbers placed in the outside or party wall shall be separated from each other at least four

inches, with stone of brick laid in mortar or by concrete, adobe or other equivalent incombustible
materials, and all wooden lintels or plate pieces placed in front, rear or side walls, shall recede
from the outside of the walls at least two and one-half inches, or when they shall not so recede,

shall be covered with fireproof material. All exterior, and division or party walls, shall extend
the full thickness to at least two feet above the roof to at least two feet above the roof surfacing
 of a building, excepting the walls of private dwellings with peaked or hipped roofs, provided
 such private dwelling are detached from other buildings on all sides a distance of not less
than eight feet.

"Fire walls shall be continuous from foundation to three feet above roof level, that is
to say, three feet above the point of connection between roof and fire wall at every part of the
roof where it connects with the fire wall; and fire walls shall be required on all buildings except
 the walls of private dwellings with peaked or hipped roofs where such private dwellings are
detached from other buildings on all sides a distance of not less than eight feet. The planking
or sheeting of any such roof shall not extend across the fire wall of such building, shed, stable,
barn, feed yard or other outbuilding.

Section 2. That Section 3 of said Ordinance No. 27 be, and the same is, hereby
amended so that the same shall read as follows:

Sec. 3. All roofs and gutters hereafter placed on any building built of stone, concrete,
 terra cotta, brick, adobe, or other equivalent incombustible materials, as hereinabove provided 
for, including buildings already erected or to be erected within the fire limits, shall be
cove red on the outside surface with metal, slate, tile, brick, concrete or other incombustible
material, and all wooden cornices placed on any such buildings shall be separated from the wooden
cornice or other wooden part of any adjacent structure by a brick or other fireproof partition
of at least four inches, and any of the outer timbers or woodwork of any such structure shall
not connect with any of the interior timbers or woodwork".

Sec. 3. That Section 6 of said Ordinance No. 27 be, and the same is, hereby amended,
so that the same shall read as follows:

Sec. 6. No frame or wooden structure shall hereafter be built within the fire limits
as given herein, or within the fire limits hereafter established, except the following; and all
roofs placed upon all such buildings or structures shall have an incombustible covering.

(a) Temporary one-story frame buildings for use of builders; provided, that same
shall not remain upon said premises more than five days after the building, for use in which
the same is constructed, is completed, and in no event to remain on such premises for a longer
period than six months from the time of the commencement of such temporary structure.

(b) One-story sheds not over 15 feet high, open on the long sides covered with 
incombustible material, and with an area not exceeding 500 square feet. A wooden fence shall not
be used to form the back or sides of said sheds.		

(c) Wooden fence not over ten feet high.

(d) Piazzas or balconies not exceeding 10 feet in width, not extending more than
three feet above the second story floor beams. No such structure shall extend beyond the lot
line, or be joined to any similar structure of another building. Awnings, piazzas and balconies
built of fireproof material may extend beyond the lot line, provided consent for the building
of the same are first obtained from the Board of City Commissioners; otherwise the same shall
be deemed nuisances and subject to removal and such other penalty as shall be herein provided.

(e) Bay windows when covered with incombustible material.

(f) Small outhouses not exceeding 150 square feet in area with not to exceed eight-
feet sides.

Wooden sheds or outhouses shall not be located within five feet of any lot line, not
less than 30 feet from any other building over one story high.

"Buildings with wooden frame-work clad with sheet metal, or metal lath and plaster, or
veneered with brick, shall be classed as frame buildings."

Sec. 4. That Section 7 of said Ordinance No. 27 be, and the same is hereby amended so
that the same shall read as follows:

"Sec. 7. Any and all persons who shall violate any of the provisions of this ordinance
or fail to comply therewith, or who shall violate or fail to comply with any order or regulation
made thereunder, or who shall build in violation of any detailed statement of specification or
plans submitted and approved thereunder, or who shall build in violation of any detailed statement
or specification or plans submitted and approved thereunder, or any certificate or permit issued
thereunder, shall severally for each and every such violation and non-compliance respectively, forfeit
 and pay a penalty in the sum of One Hundred Dollars. The imposition of one penalty for any
violation of this ordinance shall not excuse the violation, or permit it to continue; and all such
persons shall be required to correct or remedy such violations or defects within a reasonable time;
and when not otherwise specified, each ten days that prohibited conditions are maintained shall 
conditions are maintained shall constitute a separate offense.

"Any such wooden structure or part of the same, which may be erected, enlarged or removed
or which may be in the process of erection, or enlargement, or removal, contrary in either case to
the provisions hereof, shall be deemed and is hereby declared a nuisance. Whenever any wooden
structure or part of the same shall be erected, enlarged, or removed, or in the process of erection,
 enlargement or removal, contrary to the provisions of this ordinance, upon information it shall
be the duty of the Police and Fire Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, or in tide case of his 
absence, inability, neglect or refusal so to do, then the Mayor of said City, to issue an order to the
owner, occupant, person in charge, or builder thereof, to have such building taken down or removed
to same place outside the fire limits forthwith: and, upon refusal or neglect of such person to
comply with the requirements of such order within forty-eight hours after having received the same
the said Police and Fire Commissioner, or the Mayor, as the case may be, shall cause said building
to be taken down and removed, and the expense thereof may be recovered of the owner of such 
building by suit in any court of competent jurisdiction. The provision herein specified for the taking
down and removal, or taking down, or removal, shall be deemed cumulative to tide remedy by way of
penalty hereinabove provided for."

Sec. 5. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper published in Las
Vegas, Nevada.

Sec. 6. The necessity appearing to the Board that an emergency existed therefor, it was,
upon motion of Commissioner, W.H. Elwell, seconded by Commissioner C. P. Ball, ordered that this
ordinance be passed as an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows: Ball, aye; Elwell, 



aye; Miller, aye; Ullom, aye; and His Honor,  the mayor W.H. Hawkins, aye. Noes: None

Passed by the Board of Commissioners this 28th day of June, 1918, upon the following vote:
Ball, aye; Elwell, aye; Miller, aye; Ullom, aye; and His Honor, the mayor W. E. Hawkins, aye. Noes: None. First
reading June 20, 1918, second reading June 28, 1918.

Approved :

W. E. Hawking,

Mayor.

Attest:	Harley A. Harmon,

City Clerk.

(Seal)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

R. J. Young, Jr., being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Chief Clerk of the Clark County Review, a weekly 

newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that the
City Ordinance No. 72 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper
Two (2) consecutive issues, on the following dates, to-wit:	June 29 and July 6. 

R. J. Young, Jr.,

SUBSCRIBED AND SWORN TO before me this 7th
day of October, A. D. 1918

Henry M. Lillis,

(SEAL)	Notary Public in and for

Clark County, Nevada

My commission expires March 9, 1918.

	ORDINANCE NO. 73

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas establishing regulation to prevent the introduction
and spread of Spanish Influenza or La Grippe into or within said City of Las Vegas, providing for the
wearing of antiseptic masks, and other matters properly relating thereto. The board of City 
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Whereas an epidemic of Spanish Influenza or La Grippe is spreading over said City of Las
Vegas, and an emergency exists for the establishment of regulations to prevent the introduction and spread
of such disease or diseases into or within said City of Las Vegas, and all the Commissioners of
said Board assenting thereto, it is hereby ordained as follows:

Section l. That on and after ten o'clock A.M. of November 4, 1918, all persons residing, being
or sojourning within the corporate limits of said City of Las Vegas, or who shall during the time
limited in this ordinance reside, be, or sojourn within the corporate limits of said City, shall at
all times and in all places, until the further or other order of this Board wear upon the face a
mask approved by the Board of Health of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, constructed as follows,
viz:	Such mask shall consist of four thicknesses of gauze material, five inches wide by eight inches

long in size, with an eight inch tape attached to each corner thereof, and shall be worn fitted firmly
to the face so that the nose and mouth are at all times fully cove red by said mask. Such masks may be
as provided by the American Red Cross, to be furnished the wearer at a small cost, or the masks may be
homemade from clean sterilized white gauzy material of the above dimensions. Such masks may also be
made of the above dimentions from White Lisle or silk hose.

Section 2. Each person wearing such mask shall sterilize the same at least once every four
hours by dipping the same in boiling water or by dipping the same in an antiseptic solution of Boric
Acid, made by dissolving one teaspoonful of Boric Acid in a pint of boiling water. Such masks may
also be sterilized by dipping the same in a diluted solution of alcohol at least once every four hours.

Section 3. Any person or persons violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than
five dollars nor more than one hundred dollars or by imprisonment in the city jail not more than sixty
days, or by both.

Section 4. It is the duty, strictly enjoined upon each and every member of the police force,
every special officer, and every peace officer within said City of Las Vegas to enforce or cause to be
enforced the provisions of this Ordinance.

Passed by the Board of Commissioners as an emergency Ordinance, this 4th day of November,
1918, upon the following vote: Commissioners W. H. Elwell, John F. Miller, C. P. Ball, J. M. Ullom,
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes None. Read for the first and second times this fourth day
107

of November, 1918.

Approved this fourth day of November, 1918.

W.E. Hawkins, Mayor

Attest: Harley A. Harmon,

City Clerk.

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

R. J. YOUNG, JR., being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United

States over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Chief Clerk of the Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that
the Ordinance No. 73 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper One

(l) consecutive issues, on the following date, to-wit November 9, 1918.

R. J. Young, Jr.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th day of November, A.D. 1918.

Harley A. Harmon

City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

	ORDINANCE NO. 74

	

An Ordinance to amend Section Seven (7) of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas, 
licensing, for the purpose of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified,
transacted or carried on within the incorporated limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing
the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a
punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinance
Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, and 35 approved December 3, 1913, and amended Dec. 13, 1915 by Ordinance No. 62
of the City of Las Vegas, and by adding thereto a new section to be known as Section 6.

TEE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS Of THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN, AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. The above-entitled Ordinance No. 48 is hereby amended by adding thereto a new
section to be known as Section 6, as follows:

Section 6. Every person who at a fixed place of business in the City of Las Vegas, sells any
goods, wares or merchandise, drugs or medicines, jewelry, or wares, or precious metals, whether on
commission or otherwise, must obtain from the City Clerk, for each branch for his business, a license
and must pay quarterly therefor an amount of money to be determined by the class in which such person
is placed by the City Clerk; such business to be classified and regulated by the amount of the
average monthly sales made at the rates following:

(A). Where the average monthly sales are under the sum of Five Hundred Dollars, the sum of
Two and one-half Dollars per quarter.

(B). Where the average monthly sales are Five Hundred Dollars and over, but are under One
Thousand Dollars, the sum of Five Dollars per quarter.

(C). Where the average monthly sales are One Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Fifteen
Hundred Dollars, the sum of Seven and one-half Dollars per quarter.

(D). Where the average monthly sales are Fifteen Hundred Dollars and over, but are under
Two Thousand Dollars, the sum of Ten Dollars per quarter.

(E). Where the average monthly sales are Two Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Three
Thousand Dollars, the sum of Twelve and on-half Dollars per quarter.

(F). Where the average monthly sales are Three Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Five
Thousand Dollars, the sum of Fifteen Dollars per quarter.

(G). Where the average monthly sales are Five Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Eight
Thousand Dollars, the sum of Seventeen and one-half Dollars per quarter.

(H). Where the average monthly sales are Eight Thousand Dollars and over, but are under
Twelve Thousand Dollars, tide sum of Twenty Dollars per quarter.

(I). Where the average monthly sales are Twelve Thousand Dollars, and over, but are under
Eighteen Thousand Dollars, the sum of Twenty-two and one-half Dollars per quarter.

(J). Where the average monthly sales are Eighteen Thousand Dollars and over, but under
Twenty-five Thousand Dollars, the sum of Twenty-five Dollars per quarter.

(K). Where the average monthly sales are Twenty-five Thousand Dollars and over, the
sum of Thirty Dollars per quarter.

Section 2. Section seven (7) of the above-entitled Ordinance No. 48 is hereby amended so
as to read as follows:

Section 7. The rates of license tax for the businesses, trades, occupations and employments
 here inafter named are hereby fixed in and for the City of Las Vegas, and the same shall be
paid by any person engaged in or carrying on the same in said City, as follows:

(1)	For each restaurant--------------------------------------------------$	2.50 per quarter.

(2)	For each steam or power laundry--------------------------------------$	5.00	"	"

(3)	For each hand laundry employing one or more persons------------- ----$	2.50

(4)	For each garage, or livery stable (horse or auto), or both-----------$	3.00

(5)	For each insurance agent, or real estate dealer, or both----------$	5.00

(6)	For each newspaper and job printing establishment--------------------$	5.00

(7)	For each shooting gallery-----------------------------------------  -$	5.00	"	"

(8)	For each banking or brokerage establishment--------------------------$	22.50

(9)	For each funeral and undertaking establishment--------—--------------$	7.50

(10)	For each theatre and moving picture show---------------------------—$	7.50	"	"

(11)	For each skating rink------------------------------------------  ----$	20.00	"	"

(12) For each pawn shop------------------------------------------------—$ 50.00 "	"

(13)	For each employment or intelligence office--------------------------$	25.00	"	"

(14)	For each telephone business------------------------------------------$	10.00	"	"

(15)	For each electric light business-------------------------------------$	15.00	"	"

(16)	For each street carnival------------------------------------------  -$	25.00	"	day

(17)	For each astrologer, palmist, seer, phrenologist, fortune teller,

clairvoyant, or spiritualist, who demands or receives a fee for

his or her services-------------------------------------------------$ 100.00	"	"

(18)	for each Merry-go-round or carousal------------------------—-----—-$	5.00	" week

(19)	For each traveling show------------------------------------------    $	50.00	"	day

(20)	For each circus and menagerie, or either--------------------------  -$	15.00

(21)	For each patent medicine agency----------------------------------    $	25.00	"	quarter

(22)	For each manufacturer of soda water----------------------------------$	5.00	"

(23)	For each shoe making or cobbling shop--------------------------------$	2.50	"	"

Where one man is engaged in the work in the shop and $1.50 per

quarter for each additional man engaged in the work in the shop.

(24)	For each general repair shop--------------------------------------  -$	2.50	"		"

(25)   For each photographer-------------------—--------------------------$	2.50	"	"

(26)	For each tailoring establishment or clothes cleaning shop, or both--------$	2.50	"	"

(27)	For each building and loan association, or agent thereof-------------$	10.00	"	"

(28)	For each bootblack stand occupying street or sidewalk space----------$	2.50

(29)	For each hospital--------------------------------------------------  $	5.00	"	"

(30)	For each gas manufacturing plant or business-------------------------$	10.00	"	"
(31) For each lawyer or firm of lawyers---------------------------------------$	5.00 Per quarter

(32) For each doctor of firm of doctors---------------------------------------$	5.00 "	"

(33)	For each dentist or firm of dentists-------—---- ------ —---------—-—--$	5.00	"	"

(34)	For each hotel or lodging house, $2.50 per quarter for from four to eight
guest rooms; from eight to eighteen truest rooms, $5.00 per quarter; from
eighteen to thirty guest rooms, $7.50 per quarter; from thirty to fifty
guest rooms, $10.00 per quarter; from fifty to eighty guest rooms, $12.50
per quarter.

(35)	For each dray and express and warehouse business, or either; $2.50 per
quarter for the first rig, and $1.50 per quarter for each additional
rig, used in the business, but warehouse business without rigs, $2.50
per quarter.

(36)	For each billiard or pool table, $2.50 per quarter for the first table,
and $1.50 per quarter for each additional table.

(37)	For each bowling alley, standard or other $3.50 per quarter for the 1st alley, and $2.00 per
quarter for each additional alley.

(38)	For each traveling optometrist, who does not hold and exhibit an existing license from the State
of Nevada to practice such $100.00 per day. For each optometrist holding such a license $5.00
per quarter.

(39)	For each barber shop $2.00 per quarter for the first barber chair operated, and $1.00 per
quarter for each additional barber chair operated.

(40)	For the business of dealing in second-hand goods, wares or merchandise of any kind, character

        or description, where, as a part of any such transaction, a contract or agreement is made, or

an undertaking, verbal, written or otherwise, had with the vendor, to re-sell to him the same
goods, wares, or merchandise, or to sell other goods, wares or merchandise in their place or
stead, then, and in case of such agreement as aforesaid, a license tax of $25.00 per quarter
shall be paid.

(41)	Every person, firm or corporation who ships in and sells in the City of Las Vegas any bankrupt,
assigned or damaged stock of goods, wares, merchandise, drugs, jewelry, dry goods, boots and shoes,
clothing, hardware, groceries, furniture or other stock of merchandise shall pay a license of
$300.00 per quarter or fraction thereof.

(42)	Corn doctors, traveling merchants, hawkers, vendors of books charts, maps, patent machines, or
any minor articles of trade, or peddlers who vend goods, wares, merchandise of any kind whether
by sample or otherwise, to those not regularly engaged incarrying on the business of selling
such books, etc., must pay a license of twenty-five dollars per month; and every such traveling
merchant, hawker, or peddler who uses a wagon, automobile or cart, or one or more animals for the
purpose of vending such goods, wares or merchandise of any kind, must pay a license of thirty-
five dollars per month; provided, however, that every person who vends or peddles vegetables,
berries or fruit, shall pay a license of twenty-five dollars per year, or for any part or portion
of a year. In cases where such persons are engaged in such occupation for less time than one
month they shall pay a license for five dollars per day for each day or part of a day or night

while so engaged, and when obtaining a license, such person shall state the number of days for
which they shall require the same, which shall be inserted therein by the City Clerk, and on the
expiration thereof they shall before engaging further in such occupation, procure a new license;
provided that every traveling merchant, hawker, peddler or vendor, street fakir, or advertiser
who advertises goods, wares or merchandise of any kind by music, singing or dancing, jugglery,
tricks, sleight of hand, buffoonery, gymnastics or any spectacular display, show or performance,
or by speeches or oratory, or by any performance upon the streets calculated to draw or collect
a crowd of people about those calling or advertising wares as aforesaid, shall pay a license in
the sum of twenty-five dollars per day; provided, further, that this paragraph shall not apply to
any farmer, who vends or peddles vegetables, berries, fruit, meats or farm product (except dairy
product) raised or grown by him on land owned or rented by him in the County of Clark; provided,
further, that the obtaining of a license to do any of the things or for any business in this ordinance
 specified, shall not authorize or empower the holder of such license to do anything which is
not or may hereafter he made unlawful by any ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, or other law
applicable thereto.

(43) For each milk peddler—-----------------------------------------------------$5.00 Per quarter.

Section 3. This ordinance shall take effect and begin force from and after the 31st
day of March, 1919, and after the passage thereof shall be published for a period of one week
(one issue) in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 4. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby

repealed.

Passed by the Board of Commissioners this 5th day of March, 1919, upon the following
vote: Miller, Elwell and His Honor Mayor Hawkins voting aye. Nones

Approved:	W. E. Hawkins Mayor

Attest:	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

R. J. Young, Jr., being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen

of the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Chief Clerk of the Clark
County Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, and that the City Ordinance No. 74 of which the attached is a true and
correct copy, was published in said paper One (1) consecutive issues, on the following date, to-wit:	

March 8, 1919.

R. J. Young, Jr.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th day of April, A. D. 1919.

Harley A. Harmon

City Clerk.
		 ORDINANCE NO. 75.



An Ordinance to amend Section Seven (7) of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled: An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the purpose of regulation and
revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within
the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license
tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment for
carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1,
2,4,13,14 and 35, approved December 25, 1919, and amended Dec. 13, 1915 by Ordinance No. 62 of
the City of Las Vegas, and further amended March 5th, 1919 by Ordinance No. 74 of the City of
Las Vegas by amending subdivision 27 of said section 7 and by adding a new subdivision to be
known as subdivision No. 44 to said section 7.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN, AS FOLLOWS:

	Section 1. Subdivision 27 of section 7 of the above-entitled Ordinance No. 48 as amended

March 5th, 1919 by said Ordinance No. 74 is hereby amended so as to read as follows:

	(27) For each building and loan association, or agent thereof, transacting- within the

 limits of the City of Las Vegas, whether maintaining a fixed place of business within the
limits of said City of Las Vegas or not, — $50.00 per quarter.

Section 2. A new subdivision to be known as subdivision 44 is hereby added to said
Sec. 7 of above-entitled Ordinance 48 as amended March 5, 1919 by said ordinance No. 74, which
shall read as follows:

"44 For each automobile sales agent or agency riot having a fixed place of business

within said City of Las Vegas----------------------------------------------------$15.00 per quarter.

Section 3. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after the 30th
day of June, 1919, and after the passage thereof shall be published for a period of one week (one
issue ) in Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 4. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby

repealed.

Passed by the Board of Commissioners this 7th day of May, 1919, upon the following vote:
Commissioners Miller, Ullom and his Honor the Mayor, voting aye. Noes none.

First reading April 2, 1919
Second reading May 7, 1919.

Attest:	Approved:

Harley A. Harmon	W. E. Hawkins,

Clerk.	Mayor.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

R. J. Young Jr., being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen

of the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Clerk of the Clark County
Review a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark
County Nevada, and that the City Ordinance No. 75 of which the attached is a true and correct
copy was published in said paper one (l) consecutive issues, on the following dates, to-wit:

May 10, 1919.		

		R. J. YOUNG, JR.,

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th day of October, 1919.

Harley A. Harmon,

City Clerk, Clark County, Nevada.
	ORDINANCE NO. 76.

	An Ordinance for the prevention and punishment of offences against the health, safety and

convenience of the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas and repealing Ordinance No. 7, entitled
"An Ordinance for the Prevention of Nuisances."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Sec. 1. No person shall throw or cause to be thrown or deposited any rubbish, garbage,
dirt, ashes, or other matter whatsoever upon the lot or premises of another, or in any street, alley,
gutter, or highway within the limits of the City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 2. No person shall permit or suffer to accumulate in or upon any stable, yard, corral,
lot place or premises occupied or controlled by him, any manure, stagnant or impure water, refuse
vegetables, garbage, decaying matter, or filth of any kind, or suffer such stably yard, corral, lot,
place or premises to remain in such a condition as to create a noisome or offensive smell or 
atmosphere.

Sec. 25. Every lot owner, occupant or agent thereof, shall keep his lot, also the alley in the
rear and the streets adjacent thereto, clean and clear of rubbish or unwhole some matter and of all
shavings, boxes, paper and other inflammable matter.

Sec. 4. No person shall bring into the City or have in his possession for sale any decayed
or damaged vegetable substance whatever.

Sec. 5. No person shall keep his yard or premises, either as owner or occupant thereof, in
an unclean or unwholesome condition, or so as to endanger the buildings thereon or other buildings to
loss or injury by fire, nor shall permit any substance to be or remain thereon which is liable to 
become injurious to the public health or offensive to the senses or to interfere with public comfort.

Sec. 6. No person shall have or maintain any hogs or hog pens within the limits of Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite or within any of the platted subdivisions of the City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 7. Any person who shall cause to exist or permit to remain upon any premises in his
control any dead decayed, putrid or unwholesome matter or thing or any matter of thing, the natural
tendency of which is to cause or spread disease, or shall place or permit to remain upon any premises
 owned or controlled by him, any inflammable material or rubbish, shall be guilty of maintaining
a nuisance.

Sec. 8. Any person who shall fail or refuse to abate any nuisance within twenty-four hours

after being notified either orally or in writing by the Mayor, a health office or police officer to

abate and remove the same, or within twenty-four hours after being arrested for permitting or 



creating the same shall be punished as herein provided.

Sec. 9. In case any person shall be convicted of maintaining or permitting a nuisance, the
Court shall, as a part of the judgment in such case, order the immediate abatement of such nuisance
by some officer of the law, and shall tax the costs thereof as costs of the proceeding in which such
person is convicted.

Sec. 10. Every sheriff, deputy sheriff, constable, deputy constable, policeman or peace
officer within the said City of Las Vegas shall have authority to arrest any person violating any of the
provisions of this ordinance, or charged with the violation thereof, and to take such person before the
Municipal Court.

Sec. 11. Every person convicted of violating any of the foregoing provisions of this ordinance
 shall be punished by a fine of not less the five dollars not more than Three Hundred Dollars or
by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding one hundred and fifty days, or by both fine and 
imprisonment.

Sec. 12. Ordinance No. 7 of the City of Las Vegas entitled: "An Ordinance for the 
prevention of nuisances, and the whole thereof, is hereby repealed.

Sec. 13. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force and operation upon and after its
passage and publication for a period of one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review.

The foregoing ordinance was adopted at a regular meeting of said Board held on September

3rd, 1919 , upon the following vote: Howard Conklin, Commissioners W. E. Arnold G. H. French and W.E. Ferron,
Mayor, aye; Noes, none. First reading August 1, 1919. Second reading September 3, 1919.

HARLEY A. HARMON

	City Clerk.

Approved this 3rd day of September, 1919:

		W. E. FERRON,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

R. J. YOUNG, Jr. being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United

States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Clerk of the Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada, and that
the City Ordinance No. 76 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said
paper One (l) consecutive issues, on the following dates, to-wit: September 6, 1919.

R. J. YOUNG

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 30th day of September, A. D. 1919.

HARLEY A. HARMON

	City Clerk.





ORDINANCE No.	77.

AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT GAMING IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A 

LICENSE THEREFOR, REGULATING THE SAME, FIXING THE AMOUNT OF SUCH LICENSE, PROVIDING 

A PENALTY THEREFORE, AND REPEALING

ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

THE BOARD 0F CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation to deal, play
carry on or cause to be operated, or to conduct either as the owner or employee, whether for hire or
not within the City of Las Vegas, except under a license first obtained from the City of Las Vegas
as he re inafter provided,	any game of poker, stud-poker,	five hundred, solo,	or	whist, played	for 	money

property, checks, credit	or any representative of value, or any other gambling game or games which	may

be now or thereafter recognized as legal by the laws of the State of Nevada.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation to knowingly
permit to be dealt, played, carried on, operated or conducted in any house, building or part thereof
owned or rented by such person, firm, association or corporation within the City Of Las Vegas any of the
games mentioned in Section 1 of this Ordinance without having first obtained from the City of Las Vegas
a license to carry on or conduct the said game or games as hereinafter provided.

Section 3. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation to deal, play,
carry on, or cause to be operated, or to conduct any of the games mentioned in Section 1 of this

Ordinance where a percentage is taken out, and the deal does not alternate.

Section 4. All applications for licenses or renewals thereof, shall be made by petition to the
Board of City Commissioners, at a regular meeting thereof, and shall be immediately referred by said
Board to the Police and Fire Commissioner for his approval and in no case shall a license be issued or
renewed when his disapproval is endorsed upon the petition, except by a majority vote of the Board of
City Commissioners. The Police and Fire Commissioner shall return all petitions, with his approval
or objection endorsed thereon, to the Board of City Commissioners at or before the next regular meeting
thereof after receipt of such petition by him. After the return by said Police and Fire Commissioner
 of any petition to said Board the same may be acted upon by said Board at any regular, adjourned
 or special meeting of such Board of City Commissioners.

Section 5. The Board of City Commissioners, in the exercise of their discretion, may refuse to
grant the license provided for in this Ordinance to any person, firm, association or corporation, 
notwithstanding the recommendation of the Police and Fire Commissioner; and may also revoke any license
granted hereunder, if in their judgment or discretion it should appear to them that the licensee is
not a proper person, firm, association, or corporation to carry on or conduct the game for which
the license is granted, or that such game is not being properly or fairly conducted. Upon such 
revocation the City of Las Vegas shall be entitled to retain the license fee theretofore paid for such
license.

Section 6. All licenses herein provided for shall be issued by the City Clerk. The amount

of all license for the carrying on, or conducting of any of the games mentioned in Section 1 of this

Ordinance, whether the same be a new license or the renewal of one theretofore existing shall be One

Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($150.00) per quarter so long as the licensee deals, plays, carries on,

    conducts or operates said games, or permits to be dealt, played, carried on, operated or conducted

	said games for each house, or building, or location or place of business where in any such game is

dealt, played, carrie d on or conducted or is permitted to be dealt, played, carried on, operated or

 conducted by such licensee; provided, that no license shall be granted for any portion of any quarter

 for a less amount than the full quarterly license, to-wit: One Hundred and Fifty Dollars (S150.00)

and the end of said quarters shall be the last days of March, June, September sand December of each



 year, and that the license shall not be transferable. Each license shall specify upon the fact thereof
 the name of the kind of game or games so licensed, and each license shall authorize the party 
obtaining it to carry on or conduct the kinds of game or games specified, or to do the acts herein 
permitted with reference thereof, only sat the location or place of business designated in the order 
granting such license. The license shall at all times keep posted in a conspicuous place, in the room 

where such licensed game or games are being dealt, played, carried on, operated or conducted, the 

current license therefor, and in the event of the failure so to do the license or license s therefor may be
revoked by the said Board of City Commissioners.

Section 7. All applications for licenses as in this Ordinance provided, shall state the
    business and place of business of the applicant, and the name in full of the applicant, and in case
of a copartnership) or association shall state the name in full of each and all the copartners or 
associates, and in case of a corporation, the names of the officers and managers thereof.

Section 8. Any person or any officer of any corporation, or any member of any copartnership
or association violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall upon conviction thereof
be punished by a fine in the sum of not less than One Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($150.00), or not more
than Three Hundred Dollars (S300.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not less
than Thirty (30) days, or not more than five (5) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment. Each
and every day upon which a violation of this Ordinance shall occur shall be deemed a separate and
distinct violation thereof.

Section 9. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinance s in conflict herewith are hereby 

repealed.

Section 10. This Ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication
 as hereinafter authorized.

Section 11. The City Clerk, and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance published in the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of one week (one issue)

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a meeting
of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the 3rd day of September, 1919, and
was read for the second time and passed at a meeting of said Board held on the 1st day of October,

1919, on the following vote: Commissioners R. W. Thomas, W. E. Arnold and His Honor, the Mayor, W.

B. Ferron, voting aye. Noes, none.

(SEAL)	HARLEY A. HARMON

City Clerk

Approved this 1st day of October, 1919.

W. E. FERRON,

Mayor.
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the

United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review,
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true and
correct copy, was published in said paper one consecutive issues, on the following dates, to-wit:

October 4, 1919.	Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th day of October, A. D. 1919

Harley A. Harmon
City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

	ORDINANCE NO. 78



 AN ORDINANCE TO CREATE A BOARD OF HEALTH FOR THE CITY OF LAS 	VEGAS.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain	as follows:

Sec. 1. That there be and is hereby created a Board of Health for the City of Las Vegas which shall
consist of the Board of City Commissioners of said City, and a physician to be appointed by the Mayor.
Such physician shall act as local health officer, and executive of the Board of Health. The compensation
of such City Health Officer shall be fixed by the Board of City Commissioners, and the same,
together with the necessary expenses, shall be paid by the Board of City Commissioners except as 

otherwise provided by rules or regulations of said Board of Health.

Sec. 2. It shall be the duty of such Board of Health to oversee all sanitary conditions within
the said City of Las Vegas and to make such rules and regulations as may be necessary for the prevention,
suppression, and control of any contagious or infectious disease, dangerous to public health.

Said Board of Health shall act in conjunction with the State Board of Health. They shall have authority
to abate nuisances, in accordance with the statutes of the State and Ordinances of the City of Las Vegas,
now in force or hereafter enacted, to establish a temporary isolation hospital or quarantine station
when emergency demands, and to restrain, quarantine and disinfect any person or persons sick with or
exposed to any contagious, infectious or malignant disease, dangerous to public health. They shall
have rower to appoint quarantine officers when necessary to enforce quarantine and shall provide whatever
medicines, disinfectants, and provisions may be required, and the Board of City Commissioners shall
pay all debts or charge s so incurred; provided, however, each patient shall, if able, pay for his
food, medicine, clothes and medical attention; and on refusal of any such patient, when able to pay for
his food, medicine clothes or medical attention, the value of same may be recovered in a civil action
brought by said City against such patient so refusing to pay for same, in any court of competent
jurisdiction. Quarantine laws and regulations may be enforced within the corporation limits of said
City and within twelve miles thereof.

Sec. 3. Any person, firm, association, or corporation, refusing or neglecting within two days after
having been duly notified in writing to comply with the requirements of the rules or regulations established
 by said Board of Health, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof
shall be fined in any sum not less than ten dollars nor more than two hundred dollars or by imprisonment
in the City Jail for a period of not less than five days nor more than one hundred days or by both such fine
and imprisonment.

Sec. 4. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and 
publication one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

This ordinance was introduced and read for the first time at a regular meeting of said Board of

City Commissioners held on the 3rd day of September, 1919. Read for the second time and passed at a

regular meeting of said Board held on the 7th day of April, 1920, upon the following vote: Commissioners

Conklin, Martin, Pembroke and his Honor the Mayor W. E. Ferron, voting aye. Noes, none.

Attest:	Harley A. Harmon

City Clerk
Approved this 7th day of April, 1920

W. E. FERRON

Mayor.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

Chas. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of

the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 78 of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true and
correct copy, was published in said paper one consecutive issues, on the following dates, to wit:

April 10, 1920.	Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 12th day of April, A. D. 1920.

Harley A. Harmon
City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO. 79

 An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, providing for the Improvement of Third Street by Constructing
Cement and Concrete Sidewalk on the West Side of said Street, and Providing for the Payment Therefor

by Special Assessment.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SEC. 1. - It is hereby ordered that a cement, concrete sidewalk shall be constructed along the west
side of Third Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, commencing at the north side of the east front of
Lot (24) twenty-four, in Block (18) eighteen of said Townsite, and running thence southerly the

west side of Third street to its intersection with Clark street, excepting Block (20) twenty. Said 
sidewalk shall be constructed in accordance with the provisions of	Ordinance No. 47 of the	City of Las

Vegas and in accordance with the plats and diagrams of said	work on file in the office of the City Clerk

SBC. 2.- Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of ground fronting on the west
side of said Third street and abutting upon said improvement, and the cost thereof shall be collected
by special assessment and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots and premises abutting upon such 
improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage. The cost and expense of such improvement
shall include the cost of surveys, plans, assessment, cost of construction and all fees and compensation
properly chargeable in the work of making such special assessment. In case the amount of any special
assessment upon any lot or preraises shall exceed twenty (20%) per cent of the value of such lot or 
premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for the State and County taxation, such cost
exceeding said twenty (20%) per cent shall be paid from the general fund of the City.

SBC. 5- The assessment district for said improvement shall includes the lots and premises, as follows:
 Lots 24, 23 and 22 in Block number eighteen; lots 23 to 152 both numbers inclusive, and lot 12, in

Block number nineteen; lots 17 to 32 both number inclusive,	in	Block number twenty-one; lots 17 to	32

both numbers inclusive in Block number twenty-two. There is excepted from said district Block number 20

SBC. 4 -The said work shall be done under contract to be let by this Board to the lowest responsible
bidder and upon such conditions as the Board of City Commissioners may prescribe in the letting of
such contract.

SBC. 5- A Special assessment is hereby required to be made pro rata upon the lots in the above 
described special assessment district, according to frontage; and the City Assessor is hereby directed
immediately upon the passage of this Ordinance to make such special assessment according to frontage
and he is hereby directed to assess the sum of One Thousand Bight Hundred Thirty-Seven ($1,837.00)
Dollars, the sum being the amount hereby determined necessary to cover the cost of such improvement.

From the date of the approval of the assessment roll the special assessment shall constitute a lien
upon the respective lots or premises or parcels of ground assessed.

This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and publication for

one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.
I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at an adjourned regular
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 25th day of October, 1920 and read for the second
time and passed at its regular meeting held on the 3rd day of November, 1920, by the following vote,
to-wit: Commissioner Martin, Conklin, Pembroke, and His Honor, the Mayor Ferron, voting ayes. Noes none.
Approved this third day of November, A. D. 1920.

W.E. Ferron,

Attest:	Mayor.

Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Published November 13, 1920.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS

County of Clark )

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That  he is publisher of the Las Vegas

Age a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 79 of the City of Las Vegas was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of one week inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
for the following dates, to-wit: November 13, 1920. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulates
 on each of the dates above named. That the charge for publishing the same was $16.50.

Signed Chas. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th day of November 1920.

Henry M. Lillis

March 9 1923	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

		ORDINANCE No. 80.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Regulating the Storage and Removal of Garbage offal, and



refuse animal and vegetable matter.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Sec. 1. It is hereby made the duty of the occupant or occupants of every dwelling house or
other building in the City of Las Vegas to provide a suitable and water-tight box or other vessel of a
convenient size to be handled by the garbage collector, in which said occupant or occupants shall cause
to be placed or deposited all offal, garbage, and refuse animal and vegetable matter, of the premises
Such occupants shall keep such box or other vessel at a place on the premises most accessible to the
person collecting the garbage and offal, and it. shall be unlawful to put any but refuse animal and
vegetable matter in the vessel used for garbage and offal. Such vessel shall have a snug and tight fitting
cover thereto, and such vessel shall not be kept or placed in any public street, alley, road or

upon any sidewalk or in any place whatsoever where it will be a nuisance. Such vessel must at all times
be kept tightly sealed.

Sec. 2. All garbage and offal shall be collected in water-tight closed vehicles; and each vehicle
 shall be purified as often as the health officer may direct, and shall have painted thereon the
word "Garbage."

Sec. 3. No person shall engage or assist in collecting, removing or disposing of garbage or
offal within the City of Las Vegas except as provided in this Ordinance, and also so authorized by a
permit from the wealth officer of the city; and it shall be unlawful for any person to interfere in any
manner with the collection or disposal of garbage and offal by the person or persons authorized to do
so.

Sec. 4. It shall be the duty of any person contracting with the city for the collection or

disposal of garbage to comply with the Ordinances of the city, and also with such orders and regulations
 as may be made by the board of health.

Sec. 5. No person except the city contractor or his agents shall carry, convey or transport
any garbage through the streets, alleys, or public places of the city, except upon permission of the

board of health, and that the Board of city Commissioners shall have power, from time to time by Resolution
Resolution to designate the hours during which the collection of garbage may be conducted and the place



       where such box or vessel shall be placed by the occupant of such premises on garbage collection days
and during garbage collection hours.

Sec. 6. Any violation of any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall constitute a misdemeanor,
and every person, firm or corporation found guilty of violating any of said provisions shall, upon
conviction thereof, be fined not less than Five Dollars nor more than One Hundred Dollars, or be imprisoned
in the City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of not exceeding one day for each two dollars of
such fine in case such fine is not paid, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding three months
or by both such fine and imprisonment.

		

Sec. 7. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in operation on and after its adoption and publication

 for a period of one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in said

City of Las Vegas.	

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a regular meeting of

the Board of City Commissioners on Dec. 1, 1920, and read for the second time and passed at a regular

		

meeting of said Board held on January 6th, 1921, upon the following vote, viz: Comms. Conklin, Pembroke
and His Hon. the Mayor, W. E. Ferron, voting aye. Noes, none.

Florence S. Doherty

City Clerk.

Approved this 6th day of January, 1921.

W. E. Ferron, Mayor.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA, )

) ss.

County of Clark )

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the Las

VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 80 of the City of Las Vegas,

was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week inclusive, being the issues of said 
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: January 8, 1921. That said newspaper was regularly issued and
circulated on each of the dates above named. That the charge for publishing the same was $16.50.

Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of May, 1921.

(Seal)	Florence S. Doherty, County Clerk in and for

Filed May 27, 1921	Clark County, Nevada.

Florence S. Doherty, Clerk.
ORDINANCE NO. 81

An Ordinance to Amend Section seven (7) of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled:

"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the purpose of regulation and revenue
every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the corporate
limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada; fixing the rates of license tax upon the same
and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conducting
 any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14 and 35",
approved December 3,1913, and amended Dec. 13, 1915 by Ordinance No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas
and further amended March 5,1919, by ordinance No. 74 of the City of Las Vegas, and to amend section
6 of said ordinance No. 48 as created by said ordinance No. 74, and repealing all ordinances or parts
of ordinances in conflict therewith:

The BOARD OP COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section six (6) of said ordinance No. 48 as created by said ordinance No. 74, is
hereby amended so as to read as follows:

Section 6. Every person, who at a fixed place of business in the City of Las Vegas, sells
any goods, wares or merchandise, drugs or medicines, jewelry, or wares, or precious metals, whether
on commission or otherwise, must obtain from the City Clerk, for each branch of his business, a
license and must pay quarterly therefor an amount of money to be determined by the class in which
such person is placed by the City Clerk; such business to be classified and regulated by the
amount of the average monthly sales made at the rates as follows:

(A). Where the average monthly sales are under the sum of Five Hundred Dollars, the sum of
Three Dollars per quarter.

(B). Where the average monthly sales are Five Hundred Dollars and over, but are under One
Thousand Dollars, the sum of Six Dollars per quarter.

(C). Where the average monthly sales are One Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Fifteen
Hundred Dollars, the sum of Nine Dollars per quarter.

(D). Where the average monthly sales are Fifteen Hundred Dollars and over, but are under
Two Thousand Dollars, the sum of Twelve Dollars per quarter.

(E).	Where the average monthly sales are Two Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Three
Thousand Dollars, the sum of Fifteen Dollars per quarter.

(F)	Where the average monthly sales are Three Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Five
Thousand Dollars, the sum of Eighteen Dollars per quarter.

(G)	Where the average monthly sales are Five Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Eight
Thousand Dollars, the sum of Twenty-one Dollars per quarter.

(H)	Where the average monthly sales are Eight Thousand Dollars and over, but are under Twelve
Thousand Dollars, the sum of Twenty-four Dollars per quarter.

(I)	Where the average monthly sales are Twelve Thousand Dollars and over, but are under
Eighteen Thousand Dollars, the sum of Twenty-seven dollars per quarter.

(J)	Where the average monthly sales are Eighteen Thousand dollars and over, but are under
Twenty-five Thousand Dollars, the sum of Thirty Dollars per quarter.

(K)	Where the average monthly sales are Twenty-five thousand dollars and over, the sum of
Thirty-five dollars per quarter.

Section 2. Section seven (7) of the above entitled ordinance No. 48 as heretofore amended
is hereby amended so as to read as follows:

Section 7. The rates of license tax for the businesses, trades, occupations and employments
hereinafter named are hereby fixed in and for the City of Las Vegas, and the same shall be paid
by any person engaged in or carrying on the same in said City, as follows:

(1)	For each restaurant--------------------------------------$5.00	per	quarter.

(2)	For  each steam or power laundry......................  $10.00	per	quarter.

(3)	For	 each hand laundry employing one or more persons ..........$2.50	per	quarter
(4)	For each garage, or livery stable (horse or auto) or both............. $5.00 per quarter

(5)	For	each	insurance agent, or real estate dealer, or both............$10.00	"	"

(6)	For	each	newspaper and job printing establishment......................$5.00	"	"

          (7)	For	each	shooting gallery.........................................     $5.00	"	"

(8)	For	each	banking or brokerage establishment ..	   $30.00	"	"

(9)	For	each	funeral and and undertaking establishment ..................  $8.00	"	"

           (10)	For	each	theatre sand moving picture show.......................  ..$15.00	"	"



(11)	For	each	skating rink......................................             ..$20.00	"	"

(12)	For	each	pawn shop..................................................$50.00	"	"

(13)	For	each	employment or intelligence office..........................  ....$25.00	"	"

         (l4)	For	each	telephone business...............................          $15.00	"	"     

(15) For	each electric light business............................      ...$25.30	"	"

(16)	For each street carnival.................................................$30.00 per day

(17)	For each astrologer, palmist, seer, phrenologist, fortune teller,
clairvoyant, or spiritualist, who demands or receives a fee for his or her

services................................................................$100.00 per day.

(18)	For each Merry-go-round. or carousal.........................................5.00	"	"

(19) For each traveling show.............................................. .50.00	"	"

(20) For each circus or menagerie, or either..............................15.00	"	"

.<

(21) For each patent medicine agency.............................................25.00	" quarter

(22) For each manufacturer of soda water, or other or any soft drinks..........6.00	"	"

(23) For each shoemaking or cobbling shop, where one man is engaged in the work

in the shop, and $2.00 per quarter for each additional man engaged in the work

in the shop...................................................................$3.00 per quarter

(24) For each blacksmith or general repair shop, or both............................$3.00	"	"

(25) For	each 	photographer.................................            ..$5.00	"	"

    (26) For each tailoring establishment or clothes cleaning shop, or both .......$3.00	"	"

(28) For each bootblack stand occupying street or sidewalk space.....................3.00	"	"

 (29) For each hospital......................................................... ..6.00	"	"

	(30)	For	each	gas manufacturing plant or business..................  .......10.00	"	"

(31)	For	each	lawyer or firm of lawyers..........................         ..5.00	"	"

 	(32)	For	each	doctor or firm of doctors............................        ..5.00	"	"

(33)	For	each	dentist or firm of dentists..............................     5.00	"	"	;

(34)	For	each	hotel or lodging house $2.50 for	 from four to eight guest rooms;

from eight to eighteen guest rooms $5.00 per quarter; from eighteen to thirty guest rooms $10.00 

per quarter; $15.00 per quarter; from fifty to eighty guest rooms, $20.00 per quarter
(35) For each dray and express and warehouse business, or either, $2.50 per quarter
for the first rig, and $1.50 per quarter for each additional rig, used in the
business, bat warehouse business without rigs, $2.50 per quarter.

(36) For each billiard or pool table, $3.00 per quarter for the first table, and $2.00 per
quarter for each additional table.

(37). For each bowling alley, standard or other, $3.50 per quarter for the 1st alley, and $2.00
per quarter for each additional alley.

(38) For each traveling optometrist, who does not hold and exhibit an existing license from
the State of Nevada, to practice as such, $100.00 per day. For each optometrist holding
such a license, $5.00 per quarter.

(39) For each barber shop $2.50 per quarter for the first barber chair operated, and $1.50
	per quarter for each additional barber chair operated.



For the business of dealing in second-hand goods, wares or merchandise of any kind,
character or description, where, as a part of any such transaction, a contract or
agreement is made, or an undertaking, verbal, written or otherwise, had with the vendor, to 
re-sell to him the same goods, wares or merchandise, or to sell other goods, wares or merchandise
in their place or stead, then, and in case of such agreement as aforesaid, a license tax of
$30.00 per quarter shall be paid.

(41) Every person, firm or corporation, who ships in and sells in the City of Las Vegas any
bankrupt, assigned or damaged stock of goods, wares, merchandise, drags, jewelry, dry goods,
boots and shoes, clothing, hardware, groceries, furniture or other stock of merchandise shall pay
a license of $300.00 per quarter or fraction thereof.

(42) Corn doctors, traveling merchants, hawkers, vendors of books, charts, maps, patent medicines
or any minor articles of trade, or peddlers who vend goods, wares, merchandise of any kind whether
by sample or otherwise, to those not regularly engaged in carrying on the business of selling such
books, etc., mast pay a license of twenty-five dollars per month; and every such traveling merchant,
hawker, or peddler who uses a wagon, automobile or cart, or one or more animals for the purpose of
vending such goods, wares or merchandise of any kind, mast pay a license of thirty-five dollars per
month; provided, however, that every person who vends or peddles vegetables, berries or fruit, shall
pay a license of twenty-five dollars per year, or for any part or portion of a year. In cases where
such persons are engaged in such occupation for less time than one month they shall pay a license
of five dollars per day for each day or part of a day or night while so engaged, and when obtaining
a license, such persons shall state the number of days for which they shall require the same, which
shall be inserted therein by the City Clerk, and on the expiration thereof they shall before engaging
farther in such occupation, procare a new license; provided, that every traveling merchant,
hawker peddler or vendor, street fakir, or advertiser who advertises goods, wares or merchandise
of any kind by music, singing or dancing, jugglery, tricks, sleight of hand, buffoonery, gymnastics
or any spectacular display, show or performance, or by speeches or oratory, or by any performance

upon the streets calculated to draw or collect a crowd of people about those calling or advertising



wares as aforesaid, shall pay a license in the sum of twenty-five dollars per day; provided, farther 
that this paragraph shall not apply to any farmer who vends or peddles vegetables, berries,

fruit, meats, or farm products (except dairy products) raised or grown by him on land owned or rented



by him in the County of Clark; provided, farther, that the obtaining of a license to do any of
the things or for any business in this ordinance specified, shall not authorize or empower the
holder of such license to do anything which is not or may hereafter be made unlawful by any 
ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, or other law applicable thereto.

(43) For each milk peddler..............................................$5.00 per quarter

     (44) For each Sewing machine agent....................................$10.00	"	"

(45) For each nickel-in-the-slot machine, or slot machine or punch	

Board, allowed by law.......................................... ..$15.00	"	"

(46) For each vulcanizing business operated as a separate business.. 5.00

Section 3. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed
bat this ordinance shall not repeal or affect in any way the operation of Ordinance No. 75 of the
City of Las Vegas.

Section 4. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after the 30th day of June,

1921, and after the passage thereof shall be published for a period of one week (one issue) in the

Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 15th day of June, 1921, upon the following vote:

Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Martin and Ireland, and His Honor the Mayor H. T. Jones, voting aye.

Noes, none,

First reading June 7th, 1921.

Second reading June 15th, 1921.

Approved: H. T. JONES,

Mayor.

Attest: Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk.
*

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County,
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 81 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the
attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue, on the following date
to-wit: Jane 18th, 1921.	C. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th day of July, A.D. 1921

(seal)	___ Florence S. Doherby, County Clerk, Clark Co. Nevada.

	



	

Ordinance No. 82

An Ordinance to amend Section six (6) of Ordinance No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas, entitle:

"An ordinance to prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license
therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor,
and repealing all ordinances in conflict therewith."

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section 6 of the above-entitled ordinance No. 77 is hereby amended so as to read as
follows:

"Section 6. All licenses herein provided for shall be issued by the City Clerk. The amount of
all license for the carrying on, conducting of any of the games mentioned in Section 1 of this
ordinance, whether the same be a new license or the renewal of one theretofore existing shall
be One Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($150.00) per quarter so long as the licensee deals, plays,
carries on, conducts or operates, or permits to be dealt, played, carried on, operated or 
conducted said games, for either one or two games, and Fifteen Dollars ($15.00) per quarter for
each game in excess of two games, dealt, played, carried on, operated, conducted, or permitted
to be dealt, played, carried on, operated or conducted by such licensee; provided that no
license shall be granted for any portion of any quarter for a less amount than the fall quarterly
 license, to-wit: $150.00 for the games up to and including two games, and $15.00 for each
additional game, said the end of said quarters shall be the last days of March, June, September,
and December of each year said that said license shall not be transferable. Each license shall
specify upon the face thereof the name of the kind of game or games and the number of each

thereof so licensed, and each license shall authorize the party obtaining it to carry on or conduct

 the number and kinds of game or games specified therein, or to do the acts herein permitted
with reference thereto, only at the location or place of business designated in the order granting
such license. The licensee shall be at all times keep posted in a conspicuous place, in the
room where such licensed game or games are being dealt, played, carried on, operated, conducted,
or permitted to be dealt played carried on, operated or conducted, the current license therefor,
 and in the event of the failure so to do the license or licenses therefor may be revoked by
the said Board of City Commissioners. Any licensee holding a valid existing license for any
current quarter may daring such current quarter secure a license for additional games, over
and above two games over and above two games or more for which he so hold a license, for the
remainder of such quarter by paying to the City Clerk the sum of Fifteen Dollars ($15.00)
for each such additional game, and for which the City Clerk shall issue an additional license

for the remainder of such quarter, and the additional licenses shall be upon the same conditions

as though issued under the provisions of Section 4 of this ordinance.

Section 3. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby
repealed.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 15th day of June, 1921, upon the
following vote: Commissioners, Brickie, Hodgens, Martin and Ireland, and His Honor the Mayor,

H. T. Jones, voting aye. Noes none.

Attest: Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk.	Approved. H. T. Jones, Mayor
123

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review,
a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
and that the Ordinance No. 82, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached is a true,
and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue, on the following date: June 18th, 1921.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th day of July, A.D. 1921.

Chas. C. Corkhill

(seal)	Florence S. Doherty, County Clerk, Clark County, Nevada.

Ordinance No. 83

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 36 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance Providing
for the issuance of Plumbing and Sewer Connection Permits, for the Inspection of Plumbing and Sewer
Connections and for the regulation and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas", by
adding thereto a new section to be known as Section 1-A, and by amending Section eight and Subdivision
 eighth of Section eleven thereof.

	BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:



Section 1. A new Section is hereby added to said Ordinance No. 36, to be known as Section 1-a, as follows:

	Section la. No person or persons, firm or corporation, agent or otherwise, who has not an established

	 place of business, within the City of Las Vegas and who has not paid the annual city license,

	shall be eligible to do any plumbing whatsoever within the city limits of the said city of Las Vegas,

	Such license shall be as follows: for every plumbing business where the same is carried on

	at a fixed place of business in said City of Las Vegas, in carrying on such business, per annum,

	$25.00   2. For every kind of plumbing business other than that described in Subdivision 1 of this

      section, per annum, $50.00.

	Such licenses shall be issued by the City Clerk upon application being made therefor, and shall

 be payable in advance.

	Section 2. Section eight of the above-entitled Ordinance No. 36 is hereby amended so as to



 read as follows:

Sec. 8. Every sink water closet, slop hopper, bath tub, and each tray or set of wash trays or
other vessel or vessels connected with the drain pipe, directly or indirectly, must be separately,
independently and effectually trapped and vented. The trap must be placed as near the fixture as
possible and in no case further than two feet from the fixture. All sinks in kitchens of boarding
 houses, restaurants or hotels accomodating more than twenty persons, and also all wash bowls,
or trays in engine rooms, factories, foundries, machine shops and railroad round houses shall be
	provided with a suitable grease trap approved by the Plumbing Inspector. No wooden wash trays

             or sinks or slop hopper shall be maintained, constructed or used inside of any building or porch.

All wash trays and sinks maintained, used or constructed in any building shall be of non-absorbent
material. No union coupling of any description shall be used in or in connection with concealed
work. No rubber connections shall be used. Drum traps may be used only in bathtub connections.

Section 3. Subdivision eighth of section 11 of the above entitled Ordinance No. 36 is hereby

amended to as to read as follows:



Eighth. All vent pipes and their fittings must be either cast iron or galvanized wrought
iron of standard or extra heavy. All screw pipe, vents and fittings shall be galvanized. All
vents and extensions above the highest fixture, if cast iron, may be standard pipe.

Section 4. All Ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 5. This ordinance shall take effect from and after it's passage and publication
	 for a period of one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper printed and

1 published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
 Passed on second reading Aug. 3, 1921, upon the following vote: Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens,
and his Honor, the Mayor Pro Tem Chas. Ireland, voting aye. Noes None. First reading June 15,1921.

Approved:

Chas. Ireland, Mayor Pro Tem

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of
the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of The Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 83, of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached is a true
and correct copy, was published in said paper one consecutive issue, on the following date to-wit:
August 6,1922.

Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day of August, A.D. 1922.

Florence S. Doherty,

	City Clerk.

	Ordinance No. 84




 An Ordinance Providing for and Regulating the Location, Management and Construction of



Slaughter Houses within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, and Providing Penalties for a
violation thereof.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do Ordain as follows:

Sec. l. No person, firm, association or corporation, without the consent of the Board of
Health, shall build or use any slaughter house within the city limits, and the keeping and
slaughtering of all cattle, sheep and swine, and the preparation of all meat, fish, birds or
other animal food, shall be in the manner best adapted to securing and continuing their wholesomeness
 as foods; and every butcher and other persons owning, leasing or occupying any place,
room or building wherein any cattle, sheep or swine have been or are killed or dressed, and every
person firm, association or corporation being the owner, lessee or occupant of any room or stable
wherein any animals are kept, or any market public or private, shall cause such place, room
or building, stable or market, to be thoroughly cleansed and purified, and all offal, blood,
fat, garbage, refuse and unwholesome and offensive matter to be removed therefrom at least
once in every twenty-four hours after the use thereof for any of the purposes herein referred
to, and shall also at all times keep all woodwork, save floors and counters, in any building,
place or premises aforesaid, thoroughly painted or whitewashed; and the floors of such buildings,
 place or premises shall be so constructed as to prevent blood or foul liquids or washings
from settling in the earth beneath.

Sec. 2. No blood pit, dung-pit, offal pit, or privy wall shall remain or be used or constructed 
within or in connection with any slaughter house within the City Limits.

Sec. 3. The provisions of this Ordinance shall not be deemed to conflict with or repeal
any of the provisions of Ordinance No. 76 of the City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 4. Every person, firm, association or corporation convicted of violating any of the
foregoing provisions of this Ordinance shall be punished by a fine of not less than five
 Dollars nor more than Three Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding
one hundred and fifty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 5. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force and operation upon and after its
passage and publication for a period of one week (one issue) in Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas.

The foregoing ordinance was adopted at a regular meeting of said Board held on July 20th,

1921, upon the following vote:
Commissioners Martin and Brickie and Mayor Pro tem Ireland, voting aye, Noes none.

First reading July 6,1921.

Second reading July 20,1921.

(seal)	Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk.

Approved this 20th day of July, 1921.

Chas. Ireland, Mayor pro tem of the City of Las Vegas.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
and that the Ordinance No. 84 of the City of Las Vegas, of which the attached is a true and
correct copy, was published in said paper one consecutive issue, on the following date, to-wit:

July 23, 1921.

Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23rd day of July, A.D. 1922,

Florence S. Doherty,

	City Clerk.

	ORDINANCE NO. 85

 An Ordinance to regulate the Construction, Reconstruction, Moving, Alteration, Maintenance
use and Occupancy of Dwellings in the City of Las Vegas, and to provide Penalties for the Violation
thereof.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Every dwelling hereafter erected within the City of Las Vegas, shall be provided
 with one water-closet for each family living therein.

"Dwelling" is defined as follows:

(a) Any house or building, or any portion thereof, which contains not more than two 
apartments, or not more than five guest rooms, or

(b)	Any house or building, or any portion thereof, not more than one story in height, which
contains more than two apartments, or,

(c)	Any house or building, or any portion thereof, of more than one story and not more
than two stories in height, which is designed, built, rented, leased, let or hired out to be
occupied, or is occupied, as the home or residence of not more than four families, (four apartments)
and which is so arranged that each of said families live independently of each other, and which building
 is constructed and arranged so that a separate section is or may be kept as a home or a residence
of a separate family. Each such section having an entirely independent and separate entrance, and

if a stairway is required, one separate stairway leading to each section from the street or from an
outside vestibule on the level of the first floor of said building, and with no room, hallway, bathroom,
 water-closet or kitchen used in common by two or more families occupying the same building,

"Apartment" is a room or suite of rooms which is occupied, or is intended or designed to be
occupied dry one family for living and sleeping purposes.

"Building" is a dwelling.

"Family" is one person living alone or a group of two or more persons living together in an
apartment, whether related to each other by birth or not.

"Guest" is any person hiring and occupying a room for sleeping purposes, and shall include
both boarders and lodgers.

"Guest room", is a' room which is occupied, or is intended arranged or designed to be
occupied, for sleeping purposes by one or more guests.

"Person" is a natural person, his heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, also
includes a firm, partnership or a corporation, it or their successors or assigns.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person to make any alterations or changes of any
kind whatsoever, to any dwelling erected prior to the passage of this ordinance, or to any dwelling
hereafter erected, in any manner, which would be inconsistent with any of the provisions of this
ordinance or in violation of the said provisions of this ordinance.

Section 3. A building not erected for, or which is not used as a dwelling at the time of the
passage of this ordinance, if hereafter converted to or altered for such use shall thereupon become
subject to all the provisions of this ordinance affecting a dwelling hereafter erected.
A building used as a dwelling at the time of the passage of this ordinance, if moved, shall be mad
to conform to all the provisions of this ordinance affecting dwellings hereafter erected.

Section 4. Water-closets required by this ordinance need not be installed in the event
that the dwelling hereafter erected, or an existing dwelling, as the case may be, is situated
where there is no running water and where there is no practical means of sewage disposal, until
such time as it becomes practicable and possible to provide running water and means of sewage
disposal; provided, that in every such case the Board of City Commissioners shall decide whether
or not it is practicable and possible to provide running water, or proper means of sewage disposal.

Section 5. Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this ordinance
 shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished
by a fine not exceeding One Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding
fifty days, or by both fine and imprisonment.

Section 6. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 7. This ordinance shall take effect from and after its passage and publication for
a period of one week (one issue) in Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper printed and published
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Passed on second reading August 3,1921, upon the following vote: Commissioners Brickie,
Hodgens and Mayor pro tem Chas. Ireland, voting aye. Noes. None. First reading July 20, 1921.

Approved:

Chas. Ireland, Mayor pro tem.

Attest:	

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen
of the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark
County Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 85 of the City of Las Vegas, of which the
attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one consecutive issues, on
the following dates, to-wit: August 6, 1921.

Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 6th day of August, A.D. 1921.

Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.


ORDINANCE NO. 86

An Ordinance to amend Section six (6) and to repeal Section seven (7) of Ordinance No. 66
      of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An ordinance regulating Travel and Traffic upon the Public
Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section six (6) of said ordinance No. 66 is hereby amended so as to read as follows:
Section 6. It shall be unlawful for any person to ride or drive, or cause to be ridden or
driven, any horse or other animal; or to ride, drive or propel, or cause to be ridden, driven or propelled,
 any vehicle at a rate of speed greater than fifteen miles per hoar in, upon or along the public
 highways, streets, roads, alleys, lanes, avenues, boulevards, strips, paths or squares within
the limits of the City of Las Vegas.

Any persons firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this section shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor	and	upon conviction thereof	shall be punished by a fine of not less

than Ten Dollars nor more than	One	Hundred Dollars or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period

of not less than Five Days nor	more than Fifty Days or by	both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 2. Section seven	(7)	of said ordinance No. 66	is hereby repealed.

Section 3. This ordinance shall take effect from and after its passage and publication for a
period of one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper printed and published
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Passed on second reading August 17th, 1921, upon the following vote: Commissioners Brickie,



Hodgens and His Honor the Mayor, Chas. Ireland, voting aye. Noes. none. First reading Aug. 3, 1921.

Approved:

Chas. Ireland,

Attest:	Mayor.

Florence S. Doherty,



(seal)	City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen
of the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 85 of the City of Las Vegas of which the attached is a true
and correct copy, was published in said paper one consecutive issues, on the fallowing dates to-wit:
August 20, 1921.

Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th day of August, A.D. 1921.

	Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
	ORDINANCE NO. 87

An Ordinance to amend Sec. l of Ordinance No. 83 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An
Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 36 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance providing for
the Issuance of plumbing and sewer connection permits, for the inspection of plumbing and sewer
connections and for the regulation and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas'
by adding thereto a new section to be known as Section 1-a, and by amending section eight and 
subdivision eighth of Section eleven thereof."

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DO ORDAIN, AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section 1 of said Ordinance No. 83 is hereby amended so that the same shall
read as follows:

"Section 1. A new section is hereby added to said ordinance No. 36, to be known as Section
1-a, as follows:

Sec. 1-a. No person or person, firm or corporation, agent or otherwise, who has not an
established place of business within the City of Las Vegas and who has not paid the annual city
license, shall be eligible to do any plumbing whatsoever within the city limits of the said city
of Las Vegas.

Such license shall be as follows: 1. For every plumbing business where the same is carried
on at a fixed place of business in said City of Las Vegas, in carrying on such business, per annum
$25.00.	2. For every kind of plumbing business other than that described in subdivision 1 of this

section, per annum, $50.00

Such license shall be issued by the City Clerk upon application being made thereof, and
shall be payable in advance.

Provided, that the provisions of this Section shall not apply to the lessee or owner of
any premises where such owner or lessee shall personally perform the plumbing work upon the premises
owned or leased by him, as the case may be.

Section 2. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 3. This ordinance shall take effect from and after its passage and publication
for a period of one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Passed on second reading Feb. 1, 1922, upon the following vote Commissioners Hodgens, 
Anderson, Martin and His Honor the Mayor pro tem, Frank Brickie, aye. Noes. none.

First reading January 4th, 1922.

Approved

Frank Brickie,

Mayor pro tem

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk.

STATE OF NEVADA,)



) SS

COUNTY OF CLARK, )

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 87 of the City of Las Vegas;
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week inclusive, being the issues
of said newspaper for the following dates to-wit: February 4, 1922. That said newspaper was regularly
issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the charge for publishing the
same was $16.50.

Signed Chas. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day of April, 1922.

Henry M. Lillis, Notary Public, in and for Clark County,

Nevada.

Seal.

Filed april 20. 1922. Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk
	

ORDINANCE NO. 88				



An Ordinance to amend Section six (6) of Ordinance No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
"An Ordinance to Prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license
therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor,
and repealing all ordinances in conflict therewith", and repealing all ordinances and parts of
ordinances in conflict with such amendment.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section 6 of the above entitled ordinance No. 77 is hereby amended so as to
read as follows:

"Section 6. All licenses herein provided for shall be issued by the City Clerk. The amount
of all licenses for the carrying on, or conducting of any of the games mentioned in Section 1
of this Ordinance, whether the same be a new license or the renewal of one theretofore existing
shall be One Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($150.00) per quarter so long as the licensee deals, plays
carries on, conducts or operates, or permits to be dealt, played, carried on, operated or conducted
 said games, for either one or two games and Twenty-five Dollars ($25.00) per quarter for
each game in excess of two games, dealt, played, carried on, operated, conducted, or permitted to
be dealt, played, carried on, operated or conducted by such licensee; provided that no license
shall be granted for any portion of any quarter for a less amount than the full quarterly license,
to-wit: $150.00 for the games up to and including two games, and $25.00 for each additional game,
and the end of said quarters shall be the last days of March, June, September and December of
each year, and that said license shall not be transferable. Each license shall specify upon the
face thereof the name of the kind of game or games and the number of each thereof so licensed, and
each license shall authorize the party obtaining it to carry on or conduct the number and kinds of
game or games specified therein, or to do the acts herein permitted with reference thereto, only
at the location or place of business designated in the order granting such license. The licensee
shall at all times keep posted in a conspicuous place in the room where such licensed game or
games are being dealt, played, carried on, operated, conducted, or permitted to be dealt, played,
carried on, operated or conducted, the current license therefor, and in the event of the failure
so to do the license or licenses therefor may be revoked by the said Board of City Commissioners.
Any licensee holding a valid existing license for any current quarter may during such current
quarter secure a license for additional games, over and above the two games or more for which he
so holds a license, for the remainder of such quarter by paying to the City Clerk the sum of
Twenty-five Dollars ($25.00) for each such additional game, and for which the City Clerk shall
issue an additional license for the remainder of such quarter, and the additional licenses shall
be upon the same conditions as though issued under the provisions of Section 4 of this Ordinance."

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after the 31st day
of March, 1922, and after the passage thereof shall be published for a period of one week (one
issue) in Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. All ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 15th day of March, 1922, upon the following
vote: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro tem Dentner, voting aye. Noes none.

First reading March 3, 1922, Second reading March 15th, 1922.

 Attest:	Approved:

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.	W. H. Dentner,

Mayor pro tem

(seal)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

W. F. Rector, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Foreman of the Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and
that the Ordinance No. 88 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said
paper one consecutive issues, on the following dates, to-wit: March 17, 1922.

W. F. Rector

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of March, A.D. 1922,

(notarial seal)	Leo A. McNamee,

Notary Public in and for Clark County
My commission expires Aug. 20,1923.	Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO. 89

An Ordinance to Repeal Subdivision (43) of Section seven of Ordinance No. 48 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the purpose of regulation
 and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried
on within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of
license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment
for carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. l,
2, 4, 13, 14, and 35" approved December 15, 1913, as such subdivision (43) is created and enacted by
Ordinances No. 81 of the City of Las Vegas, approved June 15, 1921.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN, AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Subdivision (43) of Section seven of said Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las
Vegas, as such Subdivision (43) is created and enacted by Ordinance No. 81 of the City of Las Vegas,
approved June 15th, 1921, is hereby repealed.

Section 2. The repeal of said subdivision (43) hereby effected shall not effect any act
done, or offense committed or the prosecution of a criminal or civil action or proceeding commenced
before this Ordinance takes effect, but all offenses in violation of said subdivision (43) committed
 prior to the taking effect of this ordinance may be prosecuted to judgment and penalty imposed
and such judgment and penalty enforced in accordance with the provisions of said subdivision (43)
as it existed at the time of the commission of such offense or the violation of said subdivision (43).

Section 3. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after the 31st day
of March, 1922, and after the passage thereof shall be published for a period of one week (one Issue)
in Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 15th day of March, 1922, upon the following
vote: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and His Honor the Mayor pro tem DENTNER voting aye. Noes,
none.

First reading March 3, 1922. Second Reading March 15th, 1922.

Approved:	W. H. Dentner,

Attest:		 Mayor pro tem

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.

(seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

W. F. Rector, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United States,
over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Foreman of the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper
 of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that
the Ordinance No. 89 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper
one consecutive issues, on the following dates, to-wit: March 17, 1922.

W. F. Rector,

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of March, A.D. 1922.

Leo A. McNamee

My commission expires Aug. 20, 1923.	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

(notarial seal)
 	ORDINANCE No. 90

 An Ordinance to amend Section six (6) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled:

"An ordinance regulating travel and traffic upon the Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada"
as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No. 86 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled ''An Ordinance to amend
Section six (6) and to Repeal Section seven (7) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
'An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic upon the Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada 
"also to amend Sections twenty (20) and twenty-two (22) of said Ordinance No. 66, and to add three
new sections to said Ordinance No. 66 to be known as Sections 34a, 35a and 36a respectively, by way
of amendment and to repeal all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section six (6) of said Ordinance No. 66, as amended by Section 1 of said ordinance
No. 86 is hereby amended so as to read as follows:

"Section 6. It shall be unlawful for any person to ride or drive, or cause to be ridden or
driven, any horse or other animal; or to ride, drive or propel, or cause to be ridden, driven or
propelled, any vehicle at a rate of speed greater than fifteen miles per hour in, upon or along the
public highways, streets, roads, alleys, lanes, avenues, boulevards, strips, paths or squares within
the limits of the City of Las Vegas, except on streets in the Schoolhouse District, hereby defined
to be that portion of Fourth and Fifth streets between Clark and Bridger Streets, and that portion
of Clark, Lewis, and Bridger Streets between Fourth and Fifth Streets, all in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite
in said City of Las Vegas, in which said district such speed limit shall be six (6) miles per
hour and no more".

Section 2. Section 20 of said Ordinance No. 66 is hereby amend ed so as to read as follows:

"Section 20. The driver of any vehicle crossing from one side of any street to the other
side thereof, shall make such crossing by turning to the left so as to head in the direction in which
the traffic is moving on the side of the street toward which the crossing is made, and such crossing
shall not be made within the limits of any block, but only at the street corners."

Section 15. Section 22 of said Ordinance No. 66 is hereby amended so as to read as follows:

"Section 22. It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle to stop the same, or cause
the same to be stopped in or upon any street unless the wheels of such vehicle nearest the curb are
not more than two feet and not less than ten inches; distant from such curb, so as to allow water and
refuse to flow freely in and to not clog the gutter next such curb, and unless such vehicle shall
stand headed toward such curb at an angle of riot more than forty-five degrees in relating to such
curb; provided, however, that the provisions of this section shall not apply in case of emergency,
or when such stop is made for the purpose of allowing another vehicle or pedestrian to pass in
front of such vehicle so stopped, or in compliance with an order or signal from a police officer."

Section 4. Said ordinance No. 66 is hereby amended by adding thereto a new Section to be
known as Section 34a, as follows:

Sec. 34a. It shall be unlawful for any person to permit any auto truck or any automobile
to remain upon Fremont Street, Carson Street or Ogden Street between Main Street and Fourth Street
or upon Main Street, First Street, Second Street, Third Street or Fourth Street between Carson and
Ogden Streets, in said Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in said City of Las Vegas during the period from
12:01o'clock A.M. to 6:00 o'clock A.M. of any day unless the same be an auto truck or automobile
  of a physician or surgeon actually at the time engaged in his duties as such, or unless the same
be a taxi cab with a driver present and in charge and such taxi cab having a lamp attached to the
rear thereof showing a red light as provided in Section 2 of this Ordinance No. 66.

Section 5. Said Ordinance No. 66 is hereby amended by adding thereto a new Section to
be known as Section 35a, as follows:

Section 35a. It shall be unlawful for any person to park or allow to remain upon any
street in the business district of the City of Las Vegas, as described and referred to in Section 1
of Ordinance No. 66, as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No. 69 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled:

"An Ordinance amending Sections 1 and 9 of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An
ordinance regulating travel and traffic upon the public streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,'
"within ten (10) feet of any fire plug or fire hydrant."

Section 6. Said ordinance No. 66 is hereby amended by adding thereto a new section to
be known as Section 36a, as follows:

Section 36a. Any policeman or peace officer within said City of Las Vegas, viewing a
violation of any of the provisions of this Ordinance, may, instead of making an immediate arrest
of the offender or offenders, require the person or persons so offending to appear before the Municipal
 Judge at the Municipal Court, to answer such charge as may be placed against him or them, at
time to be designated in such notice. Such notice may be given by attaching to the vehicle used
in connection with the offense in a conspicuous place thereon or therein a ticket or tag in such
form as may be prescribed by the Police and Fire Commissioner of said City, the same to contain
among other things the license number, if any, of the vehicle, or a brief description of same, a
brief characterization of the alleged offense, and a direction addressed to the party or parties
offending, if his or their names be known, and if their name or names be not known, then to be
addressed to the owner, agent of owner, or person in charge of such vehicle, directing him or them
to appear before such Municipal Judge at said Court at a time to be fixed in such notice, but not
later than forty-eight hours after the time of the attaching of such ticket or tag to such vehicle.

It shall thereupon be the duty of the person or persons designated in such notice to appear before
said Municipal Judge in conformity with the requirements of such notice. Upon the failure of the
person so designated in such notice to so appear immediate arrest shall be made of such offender
as by law provided. The peace officer giving such notice shall keep a duplicate of the same. It
shall be unlawful for any person to remove such ticket or tag from such vehicle or to destroy the
same prior to the appearance of the party designated in the notice therein before the Municipal
Judge in obedience to the requirement of such not ice so given.

Section 7. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage
and publication for a period of one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 8. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 15th day of March, 1922, upon the following
vote: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, voting aye. Noes, none.

First reading March 13, 1922. Second Reading March 15th, 1922.

Approved:

W. E. Dentner,

Attest:	(seal)	Mayor pro tern.

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

W. F. Rector, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Foreman of the Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that
the Ordinance No. 90 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper
one consecutive issues, on the following dates, to-wit:	April 21, 1922.

W. F. Rector

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th day of April, A.D. 1922.

Leo A. McNamee,

(notarial seal)	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My commission expires Aug. 20, 1923.
ORDINANCE NO. 91

An Ordinance Providing for the cleaning of lots within the limits of Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite in the City of Las Vegas, and providing penalties for the violation thereof, and repealing
all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Every person or persons owning a lot or lots within the limits of Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, are hereby required to clean
the debris, rubbish, garbage, weeds over four inches in height, and brush, from the same on or before
 the 30th day of April of each year, commencing with the year 1922; and thereafter also to clean
such lot or lots of debris, rubbish, garbage, weeds over four inches in heights, and brash, within
ten days after notice, either verbal or in writing, given to such person or persons by the Commissioner
 of Streets and Public Property of the City of Las Vegas. Failure to comply with any of the provisions
 of this section or with the requirements of such notice shall be a misdemeanor, and every
person found guilty of violating any provision of this section or any requirement of any such notice
shall, upon conviction thereof, be fined not less than Five dollars nor more than Three Hundred Dollars,
or imprisoned in tile City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of not exceeding one day for each
Two Dollars of such fine in case such fine is not paid, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding
 three months, or by both such fine and imprisonment. Provided, that when there shall exist
debris, rubbish, garbage, weeds over four inches in height, or brush upon a lot or lots owned by a
non-resident of said City of Las Vegas contrary to the provisions of this ordinance, a written notice
shall be posted by or at the instance of such Commissioner of Streets and Public Property in a 
conspicuous place on each such lot in view of the public, notifying the owner or owners of said lot, or
lots, to clean the same within ten days from the date of the posting of such notice; and in the event
of the failure of such owner or owners to clean such lot or lots within ten days after the date of
posting such notice as aforesaid, the cleaning of said lot or lots shall be done on behalf of said City
of Las Vegas by the Commissioner of Streets and Public Property thereof and the cost thereof shall
become a debt in favor of said City of Las Vegas against the owner or owners of such lot or lots so
cleaned, and the amount thereof may be recovered from the owner or owners of such lot in a civil action
to be brought and prosecuted in any court of competent jurisdiction.

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for a period of one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 15th day of March, 1922, upon the following
vote: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor pro tern Dentner voting aye. Noes none.

First reading March 13, 1922, second reading March 15, 1922.

Approved:

Attest:

W. H. Dentner,

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.	Mayor pro tem.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

W. F. Rector, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Foreman of the Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that
the Ordinance No. 91 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper
one consecutive issues, on the following dates, to-wit: March 17, 1922.

W. F. Rector,

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of March, A.D. 1922,

Leo A. McNamee,

(Notarial seal)	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission expires Aug. 20, 1923.
ORDINANCE 92A

	

	An Ordinance regulating and prohibiting the sale, use and possession of certain narcotic

drugs in the City of Las Vegas; prescribing a penalty for the violation thereof and other matters
relating thereto.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain, as follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person to sell, keep or give away, or offer to
sell, keep, or give away or to have in his or her possession in the City of Las Vegas any cannabis,
indica, cocaine, opium, yen shee, morphine, codeine, heroin, anhalonius, or any of the salts,
derivatives or compounds of the foregoing substances containing more than fifty per cent (50%) by
volume of any of the foregoing substances, excepting upon the written order or prescription of a
physician, surgeon dentist, or veterinary surgeon, licensed to practice in this State, which order
or prescription shall be dated and shall contain the name of the person for whom the prescription
is written and which shall be signed by the person writing said prescription, or if ordered by	

a veterinary surgeon, it shall state tine kind of animal for which ordered and shall be signed by
the person giving the said prescription. Provided, that this Ordinance shall not apply to sales
at wholesale by jobbers, wholesalers and manufacturers to pharmacies legally licensed and doing
business within the State of Nevada, or physicians or surgeons, nor to the sale at retail by
pharmacies to physicians, surgeons, dentists and veterinary surgeons, duly licensed to practice in
this State, or by pharmacists to persons having a prescription calling for the same duly signed by
any person duly authorized under the laws of this State to write such prescription.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person to smoke any opium in the City of Las
Vegas, or to have in his or her possession any opium pipe for the purposes of smoking opium in the
City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. Any persons violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be	

guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by a fine not less than
One Hundred Dollars ($100.00), nor more than Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment in
the city jail at the rate of one day for each two dollars of such fine remaining unpaid.

Section 4. In the event of the payment of a fine or the forfeiture of bail by any
person accused or convicted of the violation of any of the provisions of this Ordinance, the Board of
City Commissioners may by resolution, order the payment of the sum of Fifteen Dollars ($15.00)
from the amount of said fine or bail to the arresting or informing officer.

Section 5. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 6. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage adoption and
publication in the Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for one
week (one issue).

Section 7. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 92A published in the Las
Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for one week (one issue).

Passed and adopted this 21st day of June, 1922 by the following vote: Commissioners Arnold,

Hodgens and May Pro Tem Dentner voting aye. Noes, None. First reading Jane 7th, 1922. Second reading
June 21st, 1922.

Approved this 21st day of June, 1922.	W. H. DENTNER

Mayer Pro Tem, of the City of Las
Vegas.

Attest:

 FLORENCE S. DOHERTY
City Clerk


T.S. Trebell, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Publisher of the Las Vegas Review,
a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
and that the Ordinance No. 92 of which the attached is a true and correct cony, was published in
said paper One consecutive issues, on the following dates, to wit:	June 30, 1922.

T.S. Trebell.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this First day of July, A.D.1922.

Leo A. McNamee,

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

(Notarial seal)

My Commission expires Aug. 20, 19215.

ORDINANCE NO. 93	 	 

An Ordinance Prohibiting the Manufacture, Storage or Keeping, Sale or Other Disposal of
Intoxicating Liquors in the City of Las Vegas; Regulating Other Matters Pertaining Thereto; Providing
 A Penalty For the Violation Of This Ordinance, And Repealing All Ordinances and Parts of
Ordinances In Conflict Therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain, As Follows:

Section 1. For the purpose of this Ordinance, the phrase "Intoxicating Liquors" shall
mean, all liquors containing more than one-half (½) of one per cent. (1%) of Alcohol by volume
which are used, or may be used for beverage purposes.

(b) The word "Person" shall mean and include persons, firms, associations, corporations
clubs and co-partnerships, whether acting by themselves or a servant, agent or employe.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation to
manufacture, keep or store, sell or otherwise dispose of, except as hereinafter provided any
intoxicating liquors in the City of Las Vegas, provided, that nothing in this Ordinance shall
prohibit the manufacture, sale, keeping or storing of said liquors where the manufacture sale
keeping or storing of the same is permitted by the Laws of the State of Nevada or of the United
States of America.

Section 3. If any person, firm, association or corporation having a license to do
business in the City of Las Vegas shall be found guilty of the violation of any of the provisions
of this Ordinance, or of the Prohibition Laws of the State of Nevada, or of the United States by
any Court of competent jurisdiction, upon presentation to the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas of a certified copy of such record of judgment of conviction, the said Board of
City Commissioners shall revoke such license and no license issued to such person, or for his
belief it, directly or indirectly for a period of one (1) year.

Section 4. If the licensee shall be a corporation, partnership or association, the 
conviction of any officer, agent, member or employee of such corporation, partnership or association of
the violation of this Ordinance, or of the Prohibition Laws of the State of Nevada or of the
Prohibition Laws of the United States, while acting, for or in behalf of said corporation, partnership
 or association, shall be deemed to be a conviction of such corporation, partnership or association,
and the license of such corporation, partnership of association shall be revoked as hereinbefore pro-
vided and shall not be renewed for the period of time hereinbefore provided for.

Section 5. The possession of intoxicating liquors by any person not legally permitted to
have the same under tide Prohibit ion Laws of the State of Nevada or of the United States of America
shall be prima facie evidence that such liquor is kept for the purpose of being sold or otherwise dis-
posed of in violation of the provisions of this Ordinance.

Section 6. If any section, sub-division, sentence, clause or phrase of this Ordinance is
for any reason held to be invalid or inconsistent, such provision shall not affect the validity of the
remaining provisions of this Ordinance.

Section 7. It shall be unlawful for any person to have upon his person or in any vehicle
any intoxicating liquors on any public street or alley, or in any public place in the City of Las Vegas.
Section 8. It shall be unlawful for any licensee to construct, maintain, or permit to be 
constructed or maintained on the premises where his business is conducted, any trap, trap-door, chute or
other contrivance which is or may be used for the purpose of selling or disposing of any liquors
whose sale is prohibited by the laws of the United States of America or of tide State of Nevada, or
for the purpose of destroying the evidence of the possession or sale of such liquors, such licensee
shall be deemed to have violated the terms, provisions and conditions of this ordinance and the
Board of City Commissioners upon conviction of said licensee, shall revoke his license.

Section 9. Any person who shall violate any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not less than One Hundred Dollars
($100.00) nor more than Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00), or imprisoned in the City Jail until such
fine is paid at the rate of not exceeding one day for each two dollars of such fine in case such
fine is not paid, or be imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding six months or by both such fine
and imprisonment.	

Section 10. In the event of the payment of a fine or the forfeiture of bail by any person
accused or convicted of the violation of any of the provisions of this Ordinance, the Board of City
Commissioners may by resolution, order the payment of the sum of Fifteen Dollars ($15.00) from the
amount of said fine or bail to the arresting or informing officer.

Section 11. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.

Section 12. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

Section 115. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 93 published one week (one
issue) in the Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

"Passed and adopted this 21st day of Jane, A.D., 1922, by the following vote: Commissioners
Arnold and Hodgens and Mayor pro Tem Dentner voting aye. Noes None. First reading Jane 7th 1922.

Second reading Jane 21, 1922.

Approved this 21st day of Jane, A.D., 1922.

W. H. DENTNER______________

Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

FLORENCE S. DOHERTY

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

T.S. Trebell, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Publisher of the Las Vegas Review, a weekly	

newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that	

the Ordinance No. 93 of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper
One consecutive issues, on the following dates, to-wit: June 30, 1922.

T. S. Trebell

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this First day of July, A.D., 1922.

LEO M. MCNAMEE

		 	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

(Notarial seal)

My Commission expires Aug. 20, 1923.
	ORDINANCE NO 94

 An Ordinance to Amend Sections Twenty (20) and Twenty-two (22) of Ordinance No 66 of the
City Of Las Vegas entitled: "An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic upon the Public
Streets of the City of Las Vegas Nevada" as Amended by Sections 2 and 3 Respectively of Ordinance
No 90 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to Amend Section Six (6) of Ordinance
No 66 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic upon the
Public Streets of Las Vegas Nevada, as Amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No 86 of the City of
Las Vegas entitled, "An Ordinance to Amend Section Six: (6) and to Repeal Section Seven (7) of
Ordinance No 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic
upon the Public Streets of the City Of Las Vegas Nevada: also to Amend Sections Twenty (20) and
Twenty-two (22) of said Ordinance No 66, and to add three New Sections to said Ordinance No 66,
to be known as Sections 34a, 35a and 36a, respectively, by Way of Amendments and to Repeal all
Ordinances or Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith" and to Amend Section 34a as Created by
said Ordinance No 90, and to Repeal all Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section Twenty (20) of said Ordinance No 66 as amended by Section 2 of said
Ordinance No 90, is hereby amended so as to read as follows:

"Section 20 The driver of any vehicle crossing from one side of any street to the other
side thereof, shall make such crossing by turning to the left so as to head in the direction
in which the traffic is moving on the side of the street toward which the crossing is made,
and such crossing shall not be made within the limits of any block on Fremont Street in Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite, but only at the street corners of said Fremont Street in Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite."

Section 2. Section Twenty-two (22) of said Ordinance No 66 as amended by Section 3 of
said Ordinance No 90, is hereby amended so as to read as follows:

"It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle to stop the same, or cause the same to
be stopped, in or upon any street with the wheel or wheels of such vehicle on the side of the
vehicle nearest the curb more than two feet distant from such curb, and unless such vehicle
shall stand parallel to such curb or shall stand headed toward such curb at an angle of not
more than forty-five degrees in relation to such curb provided, however, that the provisions
of this section shall not apply in case of emergency, or when such stop is made for the
purpose of allowing another vehicle or pedestrian to pass in front of such vehicle so stopped,
or in compliance with the order or signal from a police officer."

Section 3. Section 34a of said Ordinance No 66 as created by Section 4 of said Ordinance
No 90, is hereby amended so as to read as follows:

"Section 34a. It shall be unlawful for any person to permit any auto truck or any automobile
to remain upon Fremont Street, Carson Street or Ogden Street between Main Street and Fourth Street
or upon Main Street, First Street, Second Street, Third Street or Fourth Street between Carson Street
and Ogden Street in said Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in said City of Las Vegas daring the period
from one o'clock A. M. to six o'clock A. M. of any day unless the same be an auto track or
automobile of a physician or surgeon, actually at the time engaged in his duties as such, or unless
the same be a taxi cab with the driver present and in charge and such taxi cab having a lamp
attached to the rear thereof showing a red light as provided in Section 2 of this Ordinance No 66."

"Section 4. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 5. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
publication for a period of one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 19th day of July, 1922, upon the following
vote: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Gorton voting aye. Noes, None.

First reading July 5,1922. Second reading July 19,1922.

Approved : R. W. Gorton

Attest Florence S. Doherty	Chairman Pro Tem
AFFIDAVIT 0F PUBLICATION

T. S. Trebel, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a Citizen of the
United States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Las Vegas
Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas
Clark County Nevada, and that the Ordinance #94 of which the attached is a true and correct
copy, was published in said paper one consecutive issue, on the following date, to-wit:

July 28,1922.

T. S. Trebel

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 14th day of August, A. D. 1922.

Florence S. Doherty City Clerk

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Ordinance No. 95

An Ordinance to amend Subdivision number (34) of Ordinance No. 81 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to Amend Section Seven (7) of Ordinance No. 48 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the purpose
of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted
or carried on within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing
the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license
tax, and as punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business without a license,
and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14, and 35," approved December 3, 1913, and amended
 December 13, 1915, by Ordinance No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas, and further amended to
amend Section 6 of said Ordinance No. 48 as created by said Ordinance No. 74, and repealing
all Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in Conflict therewith."

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Subdivision number (34) of said Ordinance No. 81 is hereby amended so that
the same shall read as follows:

(34) For each hotel, lodging house or rooming house, $2.50 per quarter for from
four to eight guest rooms; from eight to eighteen guest rooms, $5.00 per
quarter; from eighteen to thirty guest rooms, $10.00 per quarter; from
thirty to fifty guest rooms, $15.00 per quarter; from fifty to eighty guest
rooms, $20.00 per quarter. Every person, firm, association, or corporation,
engaged in the business of keeping or conducting an apartment house, in the
City of Las Vegas, shall pay for and obtain a quarterly license to carry on
such business, as per the schedule hereinafter recited in this subdivision,
namely: Those who have four (4) apartments, and not exceeding eight (8)
apartments, shall pay for such license the sum of Five Dollars ($5.)
per quarter, and those who have nine (9) apartments and not exceeding eighteen

 (18) apartments shall pay for such license the sum of Ten Dollars ($10.00)
per quarter, and those who have nineteen (19) apartments and not exceeding
thirty eight (38) apartments, shall pay for such license the sum of Twenty
Dollars ($20.00) per quarter, and those who have thirty-nine (39) apartments
and over, shall pay for such license the sum of Thirty Dollars ($30.) per
quarter.

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after the 30th day

of September, 1922, and after the passage thereof shall be published for a period of one

week (one issue) in Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 6th day of September, 1922,

upon the following vote: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold & Mayor Pro Tem Dentner voting aye,



Noes, None.

First reading July 19th, 1922
Second reading September 6th, 1922.
Approved

W.H. Dentner
Mayor Pro. Tem.

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE 0F NEVADA,)

)SS	

COUNTY 0F CLARK,)

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, "being first duly sworn; deposes and says: That he is publisher of
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,

 in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 95 of the City of
Las Vegas, was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week from September
 9, 1922 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates to-wit: September 
9, 1922. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates:
above named. That the charge for publishing the same was $10.50.

Signed: Chas. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th day of
December, 1922.

Florence S. Doherty 
Seal.	City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Filed Dec. 6, 1922, Florence S. Doherty, Clerk.
ORDINANCE NO. 96

	An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas to compel the attendance at meetings of the Board of

City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas by members thereof.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It shall be and is hereby declared to be the duty of each and every member of

the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to attend at least one regular meeting

of said Board each month, and also to attend each special meeting thereof upon the notice thereof
being given to him. Provided, however, that the absence of such member may be excused on account
of sickness of himself or of members of his immediate family residing in said City of Las Vegas,
which renders his absence reasonably necessary; and provided further, that such absence may be
excused where prior to such meeting leave for such absence may have been given him by said
Board of Commissioners or by the Mayor, or by the Mayor pro tem, while acting Mayor, and provided
further, no such absence shall extend over the period of sixty days.

Section 2. In the event of the absence of any member of said Board at any regular or
special meeting, except as provided for in Sect ion 1, the said Board of Commissioners in the
event a quorum of such Board is present, or the Mayor or Mayor Pro Tem while acting as Mayor
in the event a quorum of such Board is not present, may by order direct the City Marshal or
any City Policeman of the City of Las Vegas to forthwith apprehend such absent member and bring
him forthwith before the said Board, and such officer after bringing such member before the



Board shall compel his attendance during the entire session of such Board.

Section 3. It shall be the duty of such City Marshal or Policeman, as the case may be,
on receiving the order provided in Section 2, of this Ordinance to forthwith execute the same,
and after bringing such member before the said Board to compel his attendance during the
entire session of said Board.

Section 4. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage
and adoption and publication for one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Review a weekly newspaper
published in said City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted on the second reading this 6th day of December A. D. 1922 upon the

following vote: Commissioners Arnold. Gorton. and Hodgens voting aye. Noes, none______________

Approved this 6th day of December A. D. 1922

Thomas R. Hodgens___________________________

Acting Mayor Pro Tem

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty
City Clerk.
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA.)

)SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK.)

J. H. Lightfoot being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is
a citizen of the United States, over the age of eighteen years: that he is the Publisher
of the Las Vegas Review a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published
at Las Vegas Clerk County Nevada, and that the Said Ordinance #96 of which the attached
is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper One consecutive issue, on the
following dates, to wit

December 8th, 1922.

Signed-- G. H. Lightfoot____________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of January, 1923

Florence S. Doherty ______________

City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

My commission expires January 1,1927.

Seal.

Filed January 2, 1923, Florence S. Doherty, Clerk.

ORDINANCE NO 97

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, providing for the Improvement of Fourth Street by
constructing cement and concrete sidewalk in front of Block Nos. 35, 36, and 29 of Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite, and providing for the payment therefor by special assessment.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do Ordain as follows:

Sec. 1. It is hereby ordered that a cement, concrete sidewalk shall be constructed along
the following portions of Fourth Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, commencing at the
northwest corner of lot one (l) in Block No. 35 of said Townsite, and running thence southerly
along the East side of Fourth Street to its intersection with Bridger Street. And commencing
at the southeast corner of lot No. 17 in block No. 29, and running thence northerly along the
West side of Fourth Street to it's intersection with Carson Street, excepting therefrom Lots
Nos. 29, 30, 31, and 32 in said Block No. 29, said sidewalk shall be constructed in accordance
with the provisions of Ordinance No. 47 of the City of Las Vegas and in accordance with	the

plats and diagram of said work on file in the office of the City Clerk.

Sec. 2. Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of ground fronting
and abutting on said proposed improvement, and the cost thereof shall be collected by special

assessment, and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots and premises abutting on such

improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage. The cost and expense of such
improvement shall include the cost of surveys, plans, assessment, cost of construction, and all
fees and compensation properly chargeable in the work of making such special assessment. In
case the amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premises shall exceed twenty percent
(20%) of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll
for the State and County taxation, such cost exceeding said twenty percent, shall be paid from
the General Fund of the City. The cost of the sidewalk at corners will also be paid from the
General Fund of the City.

Sec. 3. The assessment district for said improvement shall include the lots and premises
as follows: Lot No. 1, and lost Nos. 13 to 22, both numbers inclusive, in Block 35; Lots Nos.

1 to 16. both numbers inclusive, in Block 36; Lots Nos. 17 tp 28, both numbers inclusive, in
Block 29.	

Sec. 4. The work shall be done under contract to be let by this Board to the lowest
responsible bidder and upon such conditions as the Board of City Commissioners may prescribe in
the letting of such contract.

Sec. 5. A special assessment is hereby required to be made pro rata upon the lots in the
above described special assessment district, according to frontage; and the City Assessor is
hereby directed immediately upon the passage of this Ordinance to make such special assessment

according to frontage, and he is hereby directed to assess the sum of Twelve Hundred ($1200)_______

Dollars, the sum being the amount hereby determined necessary to cover the cost of such improvement.
 From the date of the approval of the assessment roll the special assessment shall constitute
 a lien upon the respective lots or premises or parcels of ground assessed.

This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and publication
for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at an adjourned
regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, held on the 2nd day of March, 1923, and read
for the second time and passed at it's regular meeting held on the 7th day of March, 1923, by the
following vote: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding & Mayor Pro Tem Dentner voting aye. Noes none

Approved this 7th day of March,A.D. 1923

 	 W. H. Dentner________________________

Mayor Pro Tem.

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty________

City Clerk	
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA :

COUNTY OF CLARK : SS.

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being- first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the LAS

VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 97 of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of One Week inclusive,
 being the issues of said newspaper for the following, dates; to wit:

March 10, 1923		

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named, that
the charge for publishing the same was $	.

Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th day of August 1923.	Florence S. Doherty

	City Clerk, Las Vegas

_______________ Nevada.

ORDINANCE 98

 An Ordinance concerning aeronautics and matters pertaining thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Sec. 1. Any aeronaut or passenger who, while in flight in a balloon, airplane, hydroplane, or in

any other vehicle used for navigation through the air, over a thickly inhabited area of the City of
Las Vegas or over a public gathering within said City, shall engage in trick or aerobatic flying, or
any acrobatic feat, or shall, except while in landing or taking off, fly at such a low level as to
endanger the persons on the surface beneath, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon

conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine not less than twenty-five dollars nor more than Three

Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of not
exceeding one day for each two dollars of such fine in case such fine is not paid, or by imprisonment
in the City Jail not exceeding six months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 2. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption and adoption-
and publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 7th day of March .A. D. 1923, by the following vote: Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner voting aye, Noes, none.  First reading February
8, 1923. second reading March 7th, 1923.

Approved this 7th day of March, 1923.

W. H. Dentner______

Mayor Pro Tem, of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty_________

City Clerk

	Affidavit of Publication

STATE OP NEVADA : SS
County of Clark :

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the LAS VEGAS

AGE, a weekly newspaper, of general circulations, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and the the attached Ordinance No. 98, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of One Week inclusive, being the issues
of said newspaper for the following, dates, to-wit: March 10, 1923, that said newspaper was regularly

 issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the charge for publishing
the same was $________.

Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th day of August, 1923.

Florence S. Doherty.

City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

CHAS C; CORKHILL, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United

States over the age of eighteen years; that he is the Publisher of the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,

and that the Ordinance No. 99 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, Of which the attached is a true
and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue, on the following dates, to-wit: April
6, 1923.

Signed	Chas C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day of October, 1923.

Florence S. Doherty.

(City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.
	ORDINANCE No. 99

An Ordinance to prohibit spitting upon public sidewalks and in other public places in the

City of Las Vegas.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SEC. 1. Spitting upon the floor, platform, sides or steps of any railroad or railway station,
on railroad car, or upon the floor of any public conveyance, or upon the floor, platform, steps
or walls of any public building, hall, church, theater, market, post office, assembly room,
elevator in public or private building, or upon any public sidewalk, or upon any walk in any
park or public place, is hereby prohibited.

SEC. 11. Any person who shall violate any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less
than Five Dollars ($5.00) nor more than Twenty-five Dollars ($25.00) or imprisoned in the
City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of not exceeding one day for each two dollars of
such fine in case such fine is not paid, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding
thirty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

SEC. 111 This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 4th day of April, A. D. 1923, by the following vote:

. Commissioners Blanding, Arnold, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, voting aye. Noes, none
First reading March 1, 1923	Second reading April 4, 1923.

Approved this 4th day of April A. D. 1923.

W. H. Dentner ________________

Mayor Pro Tem, of the City of Las
Vegas.

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty

City Clerk

 ORDINANCE No. 100

(Seal)

An Ordinance providing, for the payment of a license fee for automobiles and motor
propelled vehicles operated for hire on the public streets of the City of Las Vegas, and
matters connected therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. Every person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on the
business of running, driving or operating any automobile or motor propelled  vehicle over the
public streets of the City of Las Vegas, for the transportation of passengers for hire, whether
drive by the owner or a representative of the owner or by the person or persons hiring or
renting the same, and whether such automobile or vehicle stands in or upon any public street,
alley, or other public place while awaiting employment or not, shall pay to the City of Las
Vegas a license fee of Three Dollars	per quarter or part thereof for each such automobile

or vehicle. Such license fee shall be payable in advance quarterly in quarters beginning on the
first days of January, April, July and October, of each year. The City Clerk and Ex-Officio
license Collector shall issue such licenses, and each license shall not be transferable.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to conduct, manage
or carry on the business above mentioned without having procured a license therefor as above
provided, and any person, firm or corporation so offending shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor and, upon conviction, shall be fined in a sum of not less than Five Dollars nor more
than Two Hundred Dollars, or be imprisoned in the City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate
of not exceeding one day for each two dollars of such fine in case such fine is not paid, or

by imprisonment in the City Jail now exceeding One Hundred Days or by both such fine and imprisonment.
Section 2. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption and
publication for one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 4th day of June, 1923, by the following vote: Commissioners

Blanding, Arnold, and acting Chairman Hodgens, voting aye, Noes, none. First reading

May 2, 1923, Second reading June 4, 1923.

	Approved this 4th day of June, 1923.



Thos. R. Hodgens____________________,

Acting Mayor.

Attest:

Florence, S. Doherty
City Clerk.

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

CHAS C. CORKHILL, being first duly sworn, deposes and says, That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
and that the Ordinance No. 100 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the attached is
a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue of the following dates, to-wit: 

June 8, 1923.

Signed Chas. C. Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn be before me this 16, day of October, 1923.

Florence S. Doherty.

City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada.
ORDINANCE NO. 101

An Ordinance Providing for a City Pound; Appointment of A Pound Master and Deputy Pound
Master; Providing Rules and Regulations for the Government of Same prohibiting Animals Running
 at Large within the City and Providing for the Custody and Sale of Same and Matters Relating
 Thereto; Fixing the Fees to be charged by the Pound Master, His Salary and His Duties;

Fixing a Penalty for the Violation of Any of the Provisions hereof, and Repealing All Ordinances
 or Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Herewith, and Specifically Repealing Ordinance No. 5
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to Prohibit Stock Running at Large".

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as follows:

Sec. l. A Public Pound is hereby provided and established, and the same shall be located
at such place in the City of Las Vegas as shall be fixed by the Pound Master, by and with the
consent of the Board of City Commissioners.

Sec. 2. The City Marshall of the City of Las Vegas shall be ex-officio Pound Master,
and may appoint a Deputy, by and with the consent of the Board of City Commissioners, who
shall have police power, and devote his entire time, or such time as may be designated by the
Board of City Commissioners from time to time, to the duties of the office of deputy Pound
Master. The Deputy Pound Master shall receive such salary or compensation as may be fixed
or determined by the Board of City Commissioners from time to time, and he shall not be allowed
fees or any other compensation than that fixed by such Board of City Commissioners, and he
 shall hold office during the pleasure of the Board of City Commissioners. The Deputy Pound
Master before entering upon his office, shall execute a sufficient bond to the City of Las
Vegas, to be approved by the Mayor, in the penal sum of Five Hundred Dollars, for the faithful 
performance of the duties of the office.

Sec. 3. It shall be the duty of the Deputy Pound Master or any police officer to take up,
seize and impound all horses, mules, burros, asses, goats, cows, bulls, calves, sheep, swine, fowls
or other domestic animal, 	or any thereof, running at large in the City of Las Vegas, and take

up, seize and impound any of such animals herded in charge of any person, staked, or in any

manner grazing, or being grazed or fed, upon any public street, alley, sidewalk, square, park, 
or public grounds in said City, or any of said animals which is upon or being led or driven
upon any sidewalk in said City.

Sec. 4. Any animal or fowl found trespassing upon any private grounds or premises in

said City may be taken up by any person and committed to the custody of the Pound Master, or

Deputy Pound Master, who shall hold the same subject to reasonable demands and charges for
actual damages done by said animal or fowl, in addition to the fees hereinafter prescribed.



Sec. 5. The Deputy Pound Master, or in case one is not acting, the Pound Master, shall

keep a true and complete record of the number and description of all animals and fowls taken

into his custody, with the date of their receipt, and the date add manner of their disposal, 

with the fees and charges collected on account of said animals and fowls, and the disposition

thereof. Said record to be kept in a book or books provided for that purpose, which shall
be the record book or books of the office of the Pound Master, and shall not be removed therefrom.
 He shall also keep conspicuously posted at the entrance of the pound, and on a bulletin
Board at the entrance of the office of the City Marshall a list of all animals and fowls impounded
 and detained by him. He shall also provide necessary subsistence for all animals
and fowls while in his custody.

Sec. 6. All fowls and animals, taken into the custody of the Pound Master, if not
reclaimed within five (5) days thereafter, shall be advertised for sale by written notices
conspicuously posted on the pound gate, and on the bulletin board at the entrance of the
office of the City Marshall Said notices shall be substantially in the following form:
NOTICE OF CITY POUND MASTER'S SALE.

Notice is hereby given to the owner or owners of the animals
and fowls hereinafter described, and to whomsoever it may concern;
that there are impounded at the present time in the City Found
the following described animals and fowls:

Kind of Animal or fowl and number ________________________

Full description by color, age, marks, brands, etc._______

Damage Appraised__________________________________________

Cost of impounding, fees, and expenses of feeding, sale and

advertising_______________________________________________

Amount required to redeem_________________________________

If said animal, animals or fowls are not claimed, and all
amounts due thereon paid, and said animal, animals or fowls
taken away within five (5) days from the date of this notice,
they will be sold by the City Pound Master or Deputy Pound
Master at public sale at

in this City at the hour of	(A.M. or P.M.)

19	to the highest bidder.

Dated _________________,19_________.

City Pound Master

By	____________

Deputy Pound Master

Sec. 7. Unless said animal, animals or fowls are claimed by the owner or his agent, and
ownership proved, and all costs and damages paid on or before the day and hour named for the
sale, the Pound Master must sell such animal, animals or fowls to the highest bidder for cash,
at the place, day and hour set; but in no case shall a sale be made for less than the damages,
fees and costs of detention and expense of sale. And in the event of no bids being made for
any animal, animals or fowls for the dull amount due, they shall be bid in by the pound
Master for, and sold to the City, for the amount of damages, fees and costs accrued and accruing
against the same.

Sec. 8. The net proceeds of the sale of all animals and fowls as herein provided shall be
paid into the City Treasury, subject to the order of the owners of said animals or fowls, if
applied for within six months from the date of sale; if the same is not applied for within
that time the City Treasurer shall cover the amount into the General Fund of the City.

Sec. 9. The Pound Master shall have power to purchase all necessary forage or feed for
impounded animals and fowls, on the credit of the City of Las Vegas, and shall certify to all
accounts therefor, which, upon presentation to the Board of City Commissioners, if found correct,
shall be ordered paid.

Sec. 10. All damages done by any animal, animals or fowls trespassing shall, upon request
of the person damaged be forthwith appraised by any disinterested person appointed by the
Pound Master, who shall make a reasonable charge for such service, and shall set forth in
such appraisal in writing, the time and place of damage, the amount of damages, together with
his charges, the name of the owner of the animal, animals or fowls, if known, the name of the
person so damaged, also the kind and description of the animal, animals or fowls, which
appraisal, if not paid or satisfactorily arranged for by the owner, or if the owner be not
found, shall together with the animal, animals or fowls, be delivered to the City Pound Master;
provided, that if the owner deems the appraisal or damages too high, said owner may choose
another appraiser, who with the first, together with the Pound Master or Deputy Pound Master,
may make a new appraisal; and the three may proceed to make a final appraisal.

Sec. 11. Any animal, animals or fowls found doing damage, or trespassing on private property
or premises in the City, may be taken up by any person, and if the owner cannot be readily
found, or if found, shall refuse to pay all costs and damages occasioned by said animal, animals
 or fowls, they may be taken forthwith to the City Found and delivered to the keeper thereof, 
and may be held and sold as hereinbefore provided, unless previously redeemed; provided
however, that it shall be unlawful for any person other than the City Pound Master or Deputy
Pound Master to take up any animal or fowl under the provisions of this ordinance, and retain
it more than eighteen (18) hours.

Sec. 12. It shall be unlawful for any person to maliciously or mischievously secrete
or impound the animal, animals or fowls of another or to knowingly aid or abet therein.

Sec. 13. The Pound Master for impounding and posting up notices shall on all animals
collect fees for his services as follows: One Dollar per head for horses, mules, burros,

asses or cattle; Fifty cents per head for calves, goats, sheep and swine, and Ten Cents
per head for all fowls; for feeding Horses, mules, burros, asses and cattle One Dollar
per day; for calves, goats, sheep and swine, One Dollar per day, and for fowls ten cents
per day, per head. Fees for advertising and sale shall be One Dollar each for horses, mules
burros, asses and cattle; Fifty cents each for goats, sheep, calves and swine, and ten
cents each, for fowls.

Sec. 14. It shall be the duty of the City Pound Master to make monthly and file with
the City Clerk on or before the date of the regular monthly meeting of the Board of
City Commissioners each month, a sworn statement of the business transacted by him in
connection with the City Pound, showing in detail all animals and fowls received, sold,
advertised or handled by him, together with a detailed statement under oath of all
moneys received and expended by him, and it shall be his duty to turn into the City
Treasury on or before said last mentioned date each month all moneys received by him in
virtue of said office, during the preceding month.

Sec. 15. It shall be unlawful for any person to take his own animal or fowl, or that
of any other person out of the custody of the person holding the same for damages done
by it, or out of the City Pound by stealth, fraud, or by force; and it shall be unlawful
for any person to interrupt or hinder any one while in the discharge of his duty under
the provisions of this Ordinance.

Sec. 16. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by a fine
of not less than Five Dollars, or more than One Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in
the City Jail not less than two and one-half days, or more than Fifty days, or by both
such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 17. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict with this Ordinance
are hereby repealed, so far as the same may conflict therewith; provided, the term "animal"
used herein shall not be deemed to include dogs, and the Ordinance of the City of Las
Vegas relating to dogs. Ordinance No. 5 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance
to Prohibit Stock Running at Large" is hereby specifically repealed.

Sec. 18. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage and adoption and publication for one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Age, a
weekly newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 19. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed
to have this Ordinance No. 101 published one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Age a weekly
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted the 3rd day of July, 1923, by the following vote: Commissioners
Anderson, Arnold, Elwell and Shield and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

First reading June 19, 1923.

Second reading July 3rd, 1923.

 Approved this 3 day of July, 1923.

W. C. German_________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty

City Clerk

Seal.


AFFIDAVIT 0F PUBLICATION.

STATE 0F NEVADA :

:	SS

COUNTY OF CLARK :

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the Las Vegas

Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 161 of the City of Las Vegas Nevada
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week inclusive being the issues of
said newspaper for the following dates to-wit: July 7, 1923, That said newspaper was regularly issue

and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the charge for publishing the same was $

Signed Chas. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th day of August, 1923.

Florence S. Doherty
City Clerk, Las Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO. 102



 An Ordinance to amend Subdivision number 8 of section 2 of ordinance No. 81 of the City of Las

Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section Seven (7) of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las

Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the purpose of regulation and

revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the

corporation limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the

same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or 
conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos, 1, 2, 4, 13, 14, and

35, approved December 3, 1913, and amended Dec. 13, 1915 by ordinance No. 62 of the City of Las
Vegas, and further amended March 5, 1919 by Ordinance No. 74 of the City of Las Vegas, and to amend	

section 6 of said ordinance No. 48 as created by said Ordinance No. 74, and repealing all ordinances
or parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith."

The Board of Commissioners of teh City of Las Vegas do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. Subdivision number 8 of said Ordinance No. 81 is hereby amended so the the
same shall read as follows:

(8) For each brokerage establishment-----------------------------------$30.00 Per quarter

For every banker or bank with a capital

of $100,000 or over-----------------------------------------------$30.00	"	"

For every banker or bank with a capital

of less than $100,000 --------------------------------------------$15.00	"	"

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after the 31st day

of December, 1923, and after the passage thereof shall be published for a period of one week (one issue)

in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.	

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 26th day of November, 1923, upon the

following vote:	Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W. C. German voting

aye, Noes, none.

First reading October 15, 1923.

Second reading November, 26th, 1923.

Approved this 26th day of November, 1923.

W. C. German.	______

ATTEST:		Mayor.

Florence S. Doherty______

City Clerk.

(SEAL)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Publisher of the

Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 102 of the City of
Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week from December 8,

1923 to December 15, 1923 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit: December 8, 1923. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of

the dates above named. That the charge for publishing the same was $---------

Signed Chas. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of February 1924.

Henry M. Lillis.______

(SEAL)	Notary Public in and for

	Clark County, Nevada.



	ORDINANCE NO. 103 .

An Ordinance to amend Section six (6) of Ordinance No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
"An Ordinance to Prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor,
regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, and repealing
all Ordinances in conflict therewith," and to amend said Ordinance No. 77 by adding a new section
thereto to be known as Section 6b, and to repeal all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict
with said amendments.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section 6 of the above-entitled Ordinance No. 77 is hereby amended so as to read as
follows:

Section 6. All licenses herein provided for shall be issued by the City Clerk. The amount of
  all licenses for the carrying on, or conducting of any of the games mentioned in Section 1 of this
Ordinance, whether the same be a new license or the renewal of one theretofore existing, shall be
One Hundred and fifty Dollars ($150.00) per quarter so long as the licensee deals, plays, carries on,
conducts or operates, or permits to be dealt, played, carried on, operated or conducted said games,
for either one or two games, and One Hundred Dollars (S100.00) per quarter for each game in excess of
two games, dealt, played, carried on, operated, conducted, or permitted to be dealt, played, carried
on, operated or conducted by such licensee; provided that no license shall be granted for any portion
of any quarter for a less amount than the full quarterly license, to-wit: $150.00 for the games up

to and including two games, and $100.00 for each additional game; and the end of said quarters shall
be the last days of March, June, September and December of each year, and that said license shall
not be transferable. Each license shall specify upon the face thereof the name of the kind of game
or games and the number of each thereof so licensed, and each license shall authorize the party
obtaining it to carry on or conduct the number and kinds of game or games specified therein, or to do
the acts herein permitted with reference thereto, only at the location or place of business designated
 in the order granting such license. The licensee shall at all times keep posted in a conspicuous

 place in the room where such licensed game or games are being dealt, played, carried on, operated,
 conducted, or permitted to be dealt, played, carried on, operated or conducted, the current
license therefor, and in the event of the failure so to do the license or licenses therefor may be
revoked by said Board of City Commissioners. Any licensee holding a valid existing license for any

current quarter may during such current quarter secure a license for additional games, over	and	above

the two games or more for which he holds a license, for the remainder of such quarter by paying to
the City Clerk the sum of One Hundred Dollars (S100.00) for each such additional game, and for
which the City Clerk shall issue an additional license for the remainder of such quarter, and the
additional license shall be upon the same conditions as though issued under the provisions of section
4 of this Ordinance.
Section 3. A new Section is hereby added to said Ordinance No. 77 to be known as Section

6b, as follows:

Section 6b. It shall be unlawful for the owner, proprietor, manager or other person having

charge or control of any location or place of business	

or concerning which a license or licenses

is or are issued under this Ordinance, or any employee thereof, to place or maintain, or permit to



be placed or maintained, upon, over, or on either side of any glass door or window, fronting upon



any street or thorough fare, any shade, curtain, paint, screen 0r other obstruction, which shall or may



prevent or obstruct the free view from the outside of such glass door or window into the interior



of said location or place of business at any time of the day or night. No license under this



Ordinance shall be granted or issued for the conduct of any game or games in any room or place of


business unless such room or place of business is situated upon the ground floor and faces upon a
public street in said City.

Section 4. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after the 31st day of
December, l923, and after the passage thereof shall be published for a period of one week (One
issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 5. All ordinances and parts of. Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.
Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 4th day of December, 1923, upon the following
vote: Commissioners Anderson and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W. C. German voting aye. Noes,

none.

First reading Nov. 26, 1923. Second reading Dec. 4th 1923.

Approved this 4th day of December, 1923.

ATTEST:	W. C. German_________

Mayor.

Florence S. Doherty.________

City Clerk.

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: 

That he is publisher of the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and 

published at Las Vegas in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 103 

of the City of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week from December
 8, 1923 to December 15, 1923 inclusive, being the. issues of said newspaper for the

following dates, to-wit: December 8, 1923.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the charge for publishing the same was $	.

Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd 

day of February, 1924.

Henry M. Lillis _________

Notary Public in said for
Clark County, Nevada.
	ORDINANCE NO. 104.

 An Ordinance Creating a Board of Park Trustees, providing for the appointment of members
thereof, defining their powers and duties and other matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS: 

	

Section 1. That a Board of Park Trustees be and the same is hereby created, to consist of
six members, to be divided into three classes: those in the first class to hold their office for one
year; those of the second class for two years, and those of the third class for three years. The
membership of such Board of Trustees shall be appointed by the Board of City Commissioners at the first
regular or special meeting held by said Board of City Commissioners after this Ordinance takes effect,
and two trustees shall be appointed in each class. Three of said trustees shall be appointed from those
persons selected and designated by the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, State of Nevada;
and thereafter whenever a vacancy for any reason shall occur in the office of Trustee the appointment
to such office of Trustee, so becoming vacant, shall be made by the Board of City Commissioners either 
from its own selection, or upon the selection and designation by said Board of County Commissioners,

 

as the case may be, so that at all times there shall be upon said Board of Park Trustees an equal number
of Trustees selected by the Board of City Commissioners as those selected and designated by said Board
of County Commissioners. To be eligible to such office the person appointed as Trustee must be a bona
fide resident of the County of Clark and a citizen of the United States (male or female) over the age
of twenty-one years. Any such trustee may be removed from office as other appointive officers of the
City of Las Vegas; and any such Trustee who has been selected and designated by said Board of County
Commissioners shall be removed from office upon the written request for such removal made by said
Board of County Commissioners of said Board of City Commissioners. In case of the death, removal from
office, or resignation of any Trustee, the Board of City Commissioners shall as soon as possible 
thereafter appoint a successor to fill the unexpired term of the office becoming vacant; such selection to
be made in the manner hereinabove provided. The term of office of the members of the Board first 
appointed shall begin to run from the date of such appointment, and they shall hold office for the 
respective terms for which they are appointed and until their successors are appointed and qualify. Upon
the expiration of the term of office of any Trustee it shall be the duty of the Board of City 
Commissioners at the next regular or special meeting held thereafter to appoint a new Trustee to fill such
office; the selection therefor to be made as hereinabove provided. All trustees appointed shall
qualify by taking an official oath of office, which shall be filed with the City Clerk. The members
of the Board of Park Trustees shall be entitled to no compensation for their services.

Section 2. The Board of Park Trustees shall elect one of their numbers as Chairman, one
as Secretary, and one as Treasurer thereof. Said Board of Trustees shall adopt such by-laws, not 
inconsistent with the laws of the State of Nevada, the Charter of the City of Las Vegas of any of the
Ordinances thereof as may be deemed necessary for its organization, the regulation of its affairs,
the management of property in its care and the performance of all duties within the object and
purposes of its creation.

Section 3. The Board of Park Trustees shall have the power, subject to the control and
supervision of the Board of City Commissioners to survey, plat, map, fence, ornament and otherwise
improve that certain tract of land, commonly known as the "Fair Grounds," heretofore donated by
Las Vegas Land & Water Company to said City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark as tenants in common.

Said Board of Park Trustees shall also, subject to such control and supervision, have the power to
operate, regulate, and protect said property, and to do all other things in relation thereto which
does not conflict with the restrictions made by said Las Vegas Land & Water Company in the grant and
donation of said property, which natural persons might do with relation thereto.

It is expressly provided, however, that no indebtedness shall be incurred for, nor any work
done toward the making of, any permanent improvements upon said property unless the same shall have
first been authorized by the said Board of City Commissioners and sanctioned by said Board of County
Commissioners.
Moneys received from the rental of said property for entertainments, rodeos, concessions, fairs, or
from conveniences or supplies sold in connection with automobile camping grounds maintained therein
or thereon or in connection therewith, or from advertising privileges, or from any other source whatsoever
 shall be by the Treasurer of such Board of Park Trustees paid and delivered to the Treasurer
of the City of Las Vegas and by him placed in a special fund which is hereby created, to be know as
and called "Park Fund," and the Board of City Commissioners may from time to time have transferred
from the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to such "Park Fund" such sums as may be set apart to
be used for the purposes for which said Board of Park Trustees was created, and shall likewise have
distributed into said "Park Fund" such taxes as shall be levied by the City of Las Vegas for such
purposes, and such funds as shall be provided from time to time by the said Board of County 
Commissioners as the share of said County of Clark of the expenses necessary and authorized for said
purposes; and the funds so placed in said "Park Fund" shall be used for no other purposes.

Section 4. All indebtedness created by said Board of Park Trustees shall be paid by the	

presentation and allowance of bills therefor in the same manner as is prescribed for the presentation



allowance and payment of other indebtedness against the City of Las Vegas. The amount and character of
the indebtedness to be created by said Board of Park Trustees shall be controlled, limited and 
prescribed by the Board of City Commissioners. No claim of indebtedness against said City, incurred by
or through said Board of Park Trustees, shall be allowed, audited or paid unless the same is approved
in writing by the Board of Park trustees endorsed or placed upon the claim.

Section 5. Thar Board of Park Trustees shall have charge of said park grounds and the 
improvements thereof; and it shall be the duty of said Board to insist upon the enforcement of all
rules and regulations and of all ordinances established by the City of Las Vegas for the protection
and government of said premises.	

Section 6. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.	

The necessity appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that an emergency existed, it
was upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell ordered that this ordinance
be passed as an emergency ordinance.

The vote on said motion being as follows; Commissioners Anderson, Elwell and His Honor the
Mayor, voting aye; Nays, none.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, this 4th day of

December, A. D. 1923, upon the following vote:



 Commissioners Anderson, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Nays, none.

First reading, December 4, 1923. Second reading, December 4, 1923.

APPROVED:

ATTESTED:

W. C. GERMAN

FLORENCE S. DOHERTY	MAYOR	

CITY CLERK

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the

Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 104 of the City
of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of One Week from 
December 8, 1923 to December 15, 1923 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the 
following dates, to-wit: December 8, 1923.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the charge for publishing the same was $_________________.

Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this second day of February, 1924.



(SEAL)	Henry M. Lillis

Notary Public in and for Clark County.
	ORDINANCE NO. 105		

			

	An Ordinance to amend Subdivision number 19 of section 2 of ordinance No. 81 of



     the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section Seven (7) of Ordinance No.



48 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, 

for the purpose of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter 
specified, transacted or carried on within the corporation limits of the City of Las Vegas
State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the
collection of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conducting any such
business without a license, and Repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14 and 35, approved
December 3, 1913, and amended Dec. 13, 1915 by ordinance No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas,
and further amended March 5, 1919 by Ordinance No. 74, and repealing all ordinances or
parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as follows:-

of section 2

Section 1. Subdivision number 19 of said ordinance No. 81 is hereby amended
so that the same shall read as follows:

(19) For each traveling show--------------$10.00 per day;

provided, however, that when fifty (50) per cent, or more,
of the net proceeds from such performance is given in aid
of any local educational or charitable purpose or to the
local volunteer fire department, no license shall be 
required.

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and

after its passage and publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Review a

weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 21st day of April, 1924,

upon the following vote:	Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, Elwell, and His Honor

the Mayor, W. C. German, Voting aye, noes, none.

First reading April 1, 1924.

Second reading April 21, 1924.

ATTEST:	APPROVED THIS 21st day of April, 1924.

 FLORENCE S. DOHERTY	W. C. German._______

City Clerk.	Mayor



(SEAL)	


	ORDINANCE NO. 106.





An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvement of Second
Street by constructing cement and concrete sidewalk in front of Block Nos. 9, 10, 11, 12, 
13, 14 and 15 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and providing for the payment therefor by
Special assessment.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:



Section 1. It is hereby ordered that a cement, concrete sidewalk shall be 
constructed along the West side of Second Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, commencing
at the northeast corner of lot twenty-five (25) in Block No. 15 of said Townsite, and
running thence southerly along the West Side of Second Street to its intersection with
Graces Street, excepting therefrom lots twenty-six to twenty-eight inclusive, block 10;
lots 21 to 27 inclusive, and the north twenty feet of lot 32, Block 11; lots 17 to 32
inclusive, block 13; lots 10 to 12 inclusive, Block 14. Said sidewalk shall be constructed
 in accordance with the provisions of Ordinance No. 47 of the City of Las Vegas
and in accordance With the plats and diagram of said work on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

Section 2. Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of ground
 fronting and abutting on said proposed improvement, and the cost thereof shall be
collected by special assessment, and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots and premises
 abutting on such improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage. The
cost and expense of such improvement shall include the cost of surveys, plans, assessment,
cost of construction, and all fees and compensation properly chargeable in the work of
making such special assessment. In case the amount of any special assessment upon any

lot or premises shall exceed twenty per cent (20%) of the value of such lot or premises



as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for the State and County taxation,



such cost exceeding said twenty per cent, shall be paid from the General Fund of the
City. The cost of the sidewalk at corners will also be paid from the General Fund of
the City.

Section 3. The assessment district for said improvement shall include the lots
and premises as follows:	Lots 17 to 32, both numbers inclusive, in Block 9; Lots 17

to 25, both number inclusive, and Lots 29 to 32, both numbers inclusive, in Block 10;

  Lots 17 to 20, both numbers inclusive, and lots 28 to 31, both numbers inclusive, and the
south five feet of lot 32, in Block 11; Lots 17 to 32, both numbers inclusive, in Block
12; Lots 23 to 32, both numbers inclusive, in Block number 14; and Lots 20 to 25, both
numbers inclusive, in Block number 15; all of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, Clark County,

Nevada.

Section 4. The work shall be done under contract to be let by this Board to the
lowest responsible bidder and upon such conditions as the Board of City Commissioners
may prescribe in the letting of such contract.

Section 5. A special assessment is hereby required to be made pro rata upon the

lots in the above described special assessment district according to frontage; and the

City Assessor is hereby directed immediately upon the passage of this Ordinance to make

such special assessment according to frontage, and he is hereby directed to assess the sum 



of Twenty-Six Hundred and five ($2605.00) Dollars, the sum being the amount hereby 
determined necessary to cover the cost of such improvement. From the date of the approval
of the assessment roil the special assessment shall constitute a lien upon the respective
 lots or premises or parcels of ground assessed.
This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage

and publication for one week (one Issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time

at an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, held on the 21st

day of April, 1924, and read for the second time and passed at it's regular meeting

held on the 6th day of May, 1924, by the following vote: Commissioners Matzdorf,

Shield, Anderson, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor C. German, vote aye. Noes none.

Approved this 7th day of May, A. D. 1924.

W. C. German Mayor.

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty, Clerk

(SEAL)

Date of Publication May 10, 1924.
ORDINANCE NO. 107

An Ordinance to Prevent the Permitting of Minors to Visit Houses of 
Ill-fame or Gambling Houses; Regulating other Matters Pertaining Thereto; 
Providing a Penalty for the Violation of this Ordinance; and Repealing All 
Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as follows:

1.	It shall be unlawful for any proprietor, keeper, person in charge of or employe
of a house of ill-fame or gambling house to allow or permit any minor to visit or
be present in any house of ill-fame or gambling house in the City of Las Vegas.

2.	The words "Keeper" and "Proprietor" shall mean and include persons, firms,
associations, corporations, clubs and co-partnerships, whether acting by
themselves or a servant, agent or employee.

3.	If any person, firm, association or corporation having a license to do
business in the City of Las Vegas, shall be found guilty of a violation of any
of the provisions of this ordinance, upon presentation to the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas of a certified copy of such record

of judgment or conviction, the said Board of City Commissioners shall revoke
such license and no license shall be issued by the City of Las Vegas to such
person, or for his benefit, directly or indirectly for a period of one (1) year.

4. If the licensee shall be a corporation, partnership or association, the
conviction of any officer, agent, member or employee of such corporation,
partnership or association of the violation of this Ordinance shall be deemed to
be a conviction of the corporation, partnership or association and the license of
such corporation, partnership or association shall be revoked as herein before
provided and shall not be renewed for the period of time hereinbefore provided for.

	5. Any person who shall "violate any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be

guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not less than ten
($10.00) Dollars nor more than three hundred ($300.00) dollars, or imprisoned
in the City Jail at the rate of not exceeding one day for each two dollars of
such fine in case such fine is not paid, or by imprisonment in the City Jail
not exceeding six months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

6.	All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.

7.	This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption
and publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a, weekly
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

8.	The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas is
hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 107 published in
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for
one week (one issue).

Passed and adopted this 3rd day of June, A. D. 1924, by the following
vote: Commissioners Shield, Anderson, Elwell, and his Honor the Mayor,
voting aye. Noes, none.

First Reading May 20th 1924.

Second Reading June 3rd, 1924

W. C. German.

Mayor. 

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty

Clerk
157

ORDINANCE NO. 108	

An Ordinance to Repeal Section 1 of Ordinance No. 75 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance to Amend Section Seven of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas,

and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the 

corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of
Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of
said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business without
a license, and repealing Ordinance Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14 and 35, approved December, 1913,
and amended Dec. 13, 1915 by Ordinance No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas, and further
amended March 5th, 1919 by Ordinance No. 74 of the City of Las Vegas by amending subdivision

 27 of said Section 7, and by adding a new subdivision to to be known as subdivision No. 44
to said Section 7."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section of said Ordinance No. 75 is hereby repealed.

Section 2. All Ordinances and parte of Ordinances in conflict herewith are
hereby repealed.

Section 3. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon
its passage, approval and publication for one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Age, a weekly
newspaper published at Las Vegas, Nevada.

Section 4. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of the City commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 108
published in said Las Vegas Age for one week (one issue).

Passed and adopted this 3rd day of March 1925 by the following vote:

Commissioners Matzdorf and Anderson, and Mayor Pro Tem Elwell, voting aye. Noes, none.

First reading February 17th, 1925. Second reading March 3rd, 1925.

Approved this 3rd day of March, 1925.

Attest:

W. H. Elwell

Florence S. Doherty,	Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas.

City Clerk.

ORDINANCE NO. 109.

An Ordinance to Prohibit Children and Minors under the age of eighteen years
from loitering around the Streets and other public places in the City of Las Vegas at night,
providing penalties, and Repealing All Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Herewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain, as follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person under the age of eighteen years
to loiter about, or frequent, the streets, alleys, public parks or other public or unoccupied
 grounds in the City of Las Vegas between the hours of nine o'clock in the
evening and six o'clock in the morning. It shall be the duty of any police officer finding
any person violating this section to take the name and address of such person, direct such
person to his or her home, and report name, address and circumstances of the case to the
City Marshal of the City of Las Vegas and the Probation Officer of Clark County, Nevada,
as soon as possible; provided, however, that if such person shall refuse to give his or
her name and address to the officer and depart for his or her home upon notice, it shall
be the duty of such officer to take such person into custody and report the matter as
aforesaid. For the purposes of this Ordinance there shall be no distinction in determining
whether or not there has been a violation of this Ordinance whether the person so violating
the same was at the time on foot, or on some animal, or in an automobile or some other
kind of conveyance.

Section 2. Nothing in this Ordinance contained shall be construed to apply to
any child or children who are in company of a parent, parents, guardian, or guardians, nor
to any child or children who may be sent upon any proper, lawful or necessary errand by
the parent, parents, or guardian, nor to any child or children whose lawful employment
makes it necessary to he upon said streets, public parks or other public or unoccupied
grounds or public places during the night time as aforesaid.

Section 3. It shall be unlawful for any parent, guardian or other person
having the legal care, custody or control of any person under the age of eighteen years
to allow or permit any such child to loiter about or frequent the streets, public parks
or other public or unoccupied grounds or public places in this City between the hours
mentioned in Section 1 of this Ordinance, unless there be a reasonable, proper and 
lawful necessity therefor.

Section 4. Any person violating Section 3 of this Ordinance shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be fined in any sum not less
than Five Dollars or more than One Hundred Dollars, or be imprisoned in the City Jail not
less than Two and one-half days nor more than fifty days, or by both such fine and
imprisonment.

Section 5. For the purpose of assisting in the enforcement of this Ordinance,
it is hereby declared to be the duty of the persons in charge of the Central Fire Station
of the City of Las Vegas, at the hour of nine o'clock of the evening, to cause the fire
bell to be rung for thirty seconds at said Fire Station.

Section 6. All Ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are
hereby repealed.

Section 7. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon
its passage, approval and publication for one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Review, a
weekly newspaper published at Las Vegas, Nevada.

Section 8. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of the City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 109
published in said Las Vegas Review for one week (one issue).

Passed and adopted this 3rd day of March, 1925, by the following vote:
Commissioners Matzdorf and Anderson and Mayor Pro Tem Elwell, voting aye. Noes, none.
First reading February 17th, 1925.

Second reading March 3rd, 1925. Approved this 3rd day of March, 1925.

	A. E. Elwell

Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty
City Clerk.

—

ORDINANCE NO. 110

 And Ordinance to amend Sections or Paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 of Ordinance No. 107
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to prevent the permitting of minors to
Visit Houses of Ill Fame or Gambling Houses, Regulating other Matters Pertaining thereto;
Providing a Penalty for the violation of this Ordinance; and Repealing all Ordinances
and parts of Ordinances in Conflict therewith," and by adding thereto a Section or
Paragraph to be known as "5a".

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section or Paragraph numbered 2 of said Ordinance No. 107 is
hereby amended so as to read as follows:

"2. The words "Keeper," and "Proprietor," and "Person," as used in this
Ordinance, shall mean and include persons, firms, associations, corporations, clubs and
copartnerships, whether acting by themselves or a servant, agent or employee."

Section 2. Section or Paragraph numbered 3 of said Ordinance No. 107 is 
hereby amended so as to read as follows:

"3. If any person, firm, association or corporation, having a license to do
business in the City of Las Vegas, shall be found guilty of a violation of any of the
provisions of this Ordinance by any Court of competent jurisdiction, upon presentation
to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas of a certified copy of such


record of judgement or conviction, the said Board of city Commissioners may revoke such
license, and no license shall be issued by the City of Las Vegas to such person, or for

his benefit, directly or indirectly, for a period of one (1) year after the revocation of
such license."

Section 3. Section or paragraph numbered 4 of said Ordinance No. 107 is hereby
amended so as to read as follows:

"4. If the licensee shall be a corporation, partnership or association, the
conviction of any officer, agent, member or employee of such corporation, partnership,
or association of the violation of this Ordinance, while acting for, or in behalf of,
said corporation, partnership, or association, shall be deemed a conviction of the 
corporation, partnership or association and the license of such corporation, partnership or association 

may be revoked as hereinbefore provided, and in case of revocation shall not be renewed for the period 



of time hereinbefore provided for."

Section 4. A new section or paragraph is hereby added to said Ordinance No. 107,
to be known as and called 5a, as follows:

5a. The amendment of said Ordinance No. 107 by this Ordinance shall not affect
any act done, or offence committed or the prosecution off a criminal action or proceeding
commenced, before the amendments hereby provided take effect, but all offenses committed
prior to the taking effect of these amendments through this Ordinance may be prosecuted
to judgment and penalty imposed and such judgment and penalty be enforced in accordance
with the provisions of the Ordinance at the time of the commission of such offence,
including as such penalty the revocation of license and the prohibition against renewal
of license for the period prescribed by said Ordinance No. 107 as originally enacted.

Section 5. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and
adoption and publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Review, a weekly 
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 6. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas in hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 110
published in said Las Vegas Review for one week (one issue).

Passed and adopted this 3rd day of March, 1925, by the following vote: Commissioners
Matzdorf, and Anderson and Mayor Pro Tem Elwell voting Aye. Noes, none.

First reading February 25, 1925.

Second reading March 3rd, 1925.

Approved this 3rd day of March, 1925.

W. H. Elwell

Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.



ORDINANCE NO. 111

An Ordinance Prohibiting the manufacture, Storage or Keeping, Sale, Offering or
Exposing for Sale or Barter, or Other Disposal of Intoxicating Liquors in the City of
Las Vegas; Regulating Other Matters Pertaining Thereto; Providing a Penalty for the
Violation of This Ordinance, and Repealing All Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in
Conflict Therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. For the purpose of this Ordinance, the phrase "Intoxicating Liquors"
shall mean, all liquors containing more than one-half (½ ) of one per cent. (1%) of
Alcohol by volume which are used, or may be used for beverage purposes.

The word "Person" shall mean and include persons, firms, associations, corporations,
clubs and co-partnerships, whether acting by themselves or a servant, agent or employe.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation
to manufacture, keep or store, sell, offer or expose for sale or barter, or otherwise
dispose of, except as hereinafter provided, any intoxicating liquors in the City of


    Las Vegas, provided, that nothing in this 0rdinance shall prohibit the manufacture, sale,
keeping or storing of said liquors where the manufacture, sale, keeping or storing of
the same is permitted by the Laws of the State of Nevada or of the United States of
America.

	Section 3. If any person, firm, association or corporation having a license

to do business in the City of Las Vegas shall be found guilty of the violation of any of
provisions of this Ordinance, or of the Prohibition Laws of the State of Nevada, or of
the United States, by any Court of competent Jurisdiction, upon presentation to the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas of a certified copy of such record
of Judgment of conviction, the said Board of City Commissioners may revoke such license
and no license to do business in the City of Las Vegas shall thereafter be issued to
such person, or for his benefit, directly or indirectly, for a period of one (1) year.

Section 4. If the license shall be a corporation, partnership or association,
the conviction of any officer, agent, member or employe of such corporation, partnership
or association of the violation of this Ordinance, or of the Prohibition Laws of the
State of Nevada, or of the Prohibition Laws of the United States, while acting for or in
behalf of said corporation, partnership or association, shall be deemed to be a conviction
of such corporation, partnership or association, and the license of such corporation,
partnership or association may be revoked, as hereinbefore provided, and when so revoked
shall not be renewed for the period of time hereinbefore provided.

Section 5. The possession of intoxicating liquors by any person not legally
permitted to have the same under the Prohibition Laws of the State of Nevada or of the
United States of America, shall be prima facie evidence that such liquor is kept for the
purpose of being sold or otherwise disposed of in violation of the provisions of this
Ordinance; and upon the conviction of any person for the violation of any of the provisions,
of this Ordinance, the liquor found upon the premises occupied by him, or upon his person,
or in any vehicle under his control, shall at once be publicly destroyed by some
responsible person to be appointed by the Court.

Section 6. The Municipal Judge, upon information made under oath or examination

that any person is manufacturing, selling, offering, or exposing, keeping or storing for

sale or barter, contrary to this Ordinance, any intoxicating liquors, or that the affiant

has cause to believe and does believe that such liquors so manufactured, sold, offered,

kept or stored for sale or barter in any house, building, or other place named therein,

contrary to the provisions of this ordinance, shall issue a warrant requiring the person

suspected to be brought before him for examination and trial, or the said house, building,

or other place to be searched, and the parties found therein to be arrested and brought

before him as aforesaid; and requiring the officer to whom it is directed to summon such

   witnesses as shall be therein named, or whose names are endorsed, to appear and give evidence

on the examination and trial, and in the same warrant shall require the officer to whom

it is directed to seize and hold all liquors found therein, also vessels, bar fixtures,

screens, glasses, bottles, jugs, and other appurtenances apparently used in the sale,

keeping, or storing of such liquors contrary to law. If in such house, building or place

as is hereinbefore mentioned, the sale, offering, storing or exposing for sale of liquors

is carried on clandestinely, or in such manner that the person so selling, offering,

exposing, keeping or storing for sale, cannot be seen or identified by the officer or

officers charged with the execution of a warrant issued under the provisions of this

section, any such officer may, whenever it is necessary for the arrest or identification

-

of the person so offending, or the seizing of such liquor, break open and enter such
house, building or place. The provisions of this Section as to issuance of warrant,
arrest and seizure shall not be construed as exclusive, but any method of procedure
therefor and for the enforcement of the provisions of this Ordinance may be followed
which is applicable to the enforcement of the ordinances of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 7. If any section, sub-division, sentence, clause or phrase of this
Ordinance is for any reason held to be invalid or inconsistent, such provision shall
not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Ordinance.	

Section 8. It shall be unlawful for any person to have upon his person or in any



vehicle, any intoxicating liquors on any public street or alley, or in any public place
in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 9. It shall be unlawful for any licensee to construct, maintain, or permit
to be constructed or maintained on the premises where his business is conducted, any
trap, trap-door, chute or other contrivance which is, or may be used for the purpose of
selling or disposing of any liquors whose sale is prohibited by the laws of the United
States of America or of the State of Nevada, or for the purpose of destroying the evidence
of the possession or sale of such liquors, such licensee shall be deemed to have violated
the terms, provisions and conditions of this ordinance and the Board of City Commissioners,
upon conviction of said licensee, may revoke his license.

Section 10. Any person who shall violate any of the provisions of this Ordinance
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not less than One Hundred
Dollars ($100.00) nor more than Five Hundred Dollars ($500,00), or imprisoned in the
City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of not exceeding one day for each two dollars
of such fine in case such fine is not paid, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not
exceeding six months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 11. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance
are hereby repealed.

Section 12. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and
adoption and publication for one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 13. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 111
published one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 5th day of May, A.D., 1925, by the following vote:

Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf and His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, voting Aye.

Noes, None.

First reading April 7th, 1925.

Second reading May 5th, 1925.

Approved this 5th day of May, A.D., 1925.

W. C. German	______________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.

	AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION. ORDINANCE NO. 111

CHAS. P. SQUIRES being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher

of the LAS VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance No. 111, of the City of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper
for a period of One week from May 9, 1925, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: May 9, 1925. That said newspaper was regularly issued

and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the charge for publishing was
the sum of $  .

Signed Chas. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this

25th day of August 1925,

C. D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark Co., Nev.

(Notarial Seal)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION. ORDINANCE 105

MAY CORKHILL, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That she is a citizen

of the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that she is the Publisher of the
Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 105 of which the attached
is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper Two consecutive' issues, on the
following dates, to-wit:	April 18 and 25, 1924.

May Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th
day of August, A.D. 1925.

Edgar F. Dupray

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nev.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION. ORDINANCE NO. 106
CHAS. P. SQUIRES, BEING first duly sworn, deposes and says; That he is

	 

publisher of the LAS VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance No. 106 of the City of Las Vegas, was continuously published in said newspaper
 for a period of One week from May 10, 1924 inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: May 10, 1924. That said newspaper was

regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the charge for
publishing the same was $	.

Signed Chas. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
25th day of August, 1925.

C. D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for
Clark County, Nevada.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION. ORDINANCE NO. 107

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is 

publisher of the LAS VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and

published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, 'and that the attached
Ordinance No. 107 of the the City of Las Vegas, was continuously published in said 
newspaper for a period of one week from June 7, 1924 inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: June 7, 1924. That said newspaper was regularly

 issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the charge for
publishing the same was $	.

Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th day of August, 1925.

C. D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark County.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION. ORDINANCE NO. 108

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is 

publisher of the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance No. 108 of the City of Las Vegas, was continuously published in said news
paper for a period of One week, from March 7, 1925 inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: March 7, 1925. That said newspaper was 

regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the charge for
publishing the same was $	.

		Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th day of August 1925.

C. D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION. ORDINANCE NO. 109

STATE OF NEVADA )

SS.
 

COUNTY OF CLARK )

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher

 of the LAS VEGAS ACE, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance No. 109 of the City of Las Vegas, was continuously published in said newspaper
 for a period of One week, from March 7, 1925 inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:	March 7, 1925. That said newspaper was

regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the charge for
same was $

Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 25th day of August, 1925.



C. D. Breeze.

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION. ORDINANCE NO. 110
MAY CORKHILL, being first duly sworn, deposes and. says:	That she is a citizen

of the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that she is the Publisher of the
Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed aid published at
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 110 of which the attached is
a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one issue on the following date,
to-wit:	March 6, 1925.

May Corkhill.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th day of August,

A. D. 1925

Edgar F. Dupray,

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO. 92.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas establishing a City Dump Ground, and 
regulating the removal and disposal of rubbish, etc.

Sec. 1. That the City dump grounds for ashes, paper, straw, manure, rags,
boxes, scrap metal, and like material, and rubbish of all kinds, collected by the City
and private conveyances, from the streets, alleys, and other public and private places
and premises in said City, be and the same is hereby established at and on that certain
piece or parcel of land, owned by said City of Las Vegas, situated within the corporate
limits of said City of Las Vegas, and more particularly described as follows, to-wit:
Commencing at a pint marked V. R. No. 5, located at the Southwest Corner of the North
half of the Southwest Quarter of Section twenty-six, Township twenty South of Range
Sixty-one East, Mount Diablo Base and Meridian, Clark County, Nevada, from whence the
southwest Corner of said Section bears South 0°04' East 1519.0 Ft.; thence North 0° 04'
West 208.71 Ft.; thence North 89° 58' East 626.15 ft.; thence South 0°04' E. 208.71 Ft.;
thence South 89°58' West 626.13 ft. to the place of beginning, containing an area of 3.00
acres, more or less.

Sec. 2. All ashes, paper, straw, manure, rags, boxes, scrap metal, and like
material, and rubbish of all kinds, collected by the city and private conveyances, from
the streets, alleys, and other public and private places and premises in said City, must

be delivered at the City dump Grounds; but no part thereof shall be deposited at any other
place within the City limits unless a dumping ground is provided therefor by the Board
of Commissioners of said City. Said ashes, paper, straw, manure, rags, boxes, scrap metal
and like material, and rubbish of all kinds shall be removed in such way that no part there
of will be permitted to be dropped upon or be scattered along the streets, alleys or other
places over which the same is transported. All such material delivered at said dumping
grounds shall be deposited thereon at such places and in such manner as the Commissioner
of the Streets and Public Property shall prescribe, and he shall have control and 
supervision over all public dumping grounds and dumps.

Sec. 3. Any violation of any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall 
constitute a misdemeanor, and every person, firm or corporation found guilty of violating
any of said provisions shall, upon conviction thereof, be fined not less than Ten Dollars
nor more than One Hundred Dollars, or imprisoned in the City Jail until such fine is paid
at the rate of not exceeding one day of each two dollars of such fine in case such fine
is not paid, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding three months, or by both
such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 4. This Ordinance shall take effect and he in. operation on and after
its adoption and publication for a period of one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Review,

a weekly newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas.

Passed: by the Board of City Commissioners this 5th day of May, 1922, upon
the following vote:	Commissioners:	Arnold, Gorton, Hodgens and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner,

voting aye. Noes, none. First reading April 20th, 1922. Second reading May 5, 1922,

	W. H. DENTNER,

MAYOR PRO TEM 

ATTEST:



FLORENCE S. DOHERTY, CITY CLERK.
ORDINANCE NO. 112

An Ordinance to license traveling shows, circuses, hippodromes, menageries and 
carnivals in the City of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance No. 105 of the City of Las Vegas,
and all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Sec. 1. any proprietor, lessee or manager of any traveling show, circus, hippodrome,
menagerie, menagerie, or carnival intending to exhibit any performance or exhibition in the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall pay to the City Clerk of said City the sum of Fifty Dollars
as a license fee for the privilege of showing and exhibiting such traveling show, circus,
hippodrome, menagerie or carnival for each day; and upon the payment therefor said City Clerk
shall issue license for the day of number of days so paid for, Provided, however, that when
fifty (50) per cent, or more, of the net proceeds from such performance or exhibition is
given in aid of any local educational or charitable purpose or to the local volunteer fire
department, no license shall be required.

Sec. 2. Any person, firm or corporation who shall hold or exhibit any traveling show,
circus, hippodrome, menagerie, or carnival in the City of Las Vegas, without first having
paid the license fee mentioned and provided for in Section 1 hereof, shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor and be subject to a fine of not more than three hundred dollars and not less than
one hundred dollars, or be imprisoned in the City Jail of said City until such fine is paid
at the rate of not exceeding one day for each two dollars of such fine, in case such fine
is not paid, or be imprisoned in the City Jail not exceeding One Hundred and Fifty Days, or by both
such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 3. Ordinance No. 105 of the City of Las Vegas, and all Ordinances and parts of
Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Sec. 4. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption and
publication for one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 3rd day of Sept. 1925, upon the following vote: Commissioners

Mundy, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

First Publication Aug. 6, 1925.	APPROVED THIS 6th DAY OF

Second Publication Sept. 3, 1925.	SEPT. 1925.

	J. F. Hesse	

Attest:	Florence S. Doherty	Mayor.

City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

MAY CORKHILL, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That she is a citizen
of the United States, over the age of eighteen years; that she is the Publisher of
the Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and 
published at Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and
published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that the Ordinance No. 112 of which
the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one consecutive
 issue, on the following dates, to-wit: Sept. 4, 1925.

May Corkhill

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 5th day of September, A.D 1925.

Florence S. Doherty, County Clerk and
Ex-officio Clerk of the Tenth Judicial
District Court of the State of Nevada in
and for Clark County.

(SEAL)
ORDINANCE NO. 114.

	An Ordinance providing; for Licensing of Hairdressing and Beauty Parlors.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN, AS FOLLOWS:

Sec. 1. Every person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on a
hairdressing or beauty parlor, or both, in the City of Las Vegas, shall pay to the City of
Las Vegas a license fee of Fifteen Dollars per quarter or portion thereof for the privilege
 of conducting, managing or carrying on each such hairdressing or beauty parlor, or
both, such license shall be payable in advance quarterly. The City Clerk and ex-officio
license Collector shall issue such license, and no license shall be transferable. A barber
shop, as such, shall not be construed to be a hairdressing or beauty parlor, but separate
license shall be payable under this ordinance for a hairdressing or beauty parlor run in
connection with a barber shop; and a license shall also be payable hereunder where the 
hairdressing or beauty parlor is conducted in a private residence.

Sec. 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to conduct, manage
or carry on a hairdressing or beauty parlor, or both, without having procured a license



therefor as above provided; and any person, firm, or corporation so offending shall be deemed
 guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction shall be fined in any sum not exceeding One
Hundred Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for any period not exceeding fifty days
or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 3. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage
and adoption and publication for one week (one week) in Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 1st day of October, 1925, upon the following vote; 
Commissioners Mundy, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting aye. 

Noes, none.
First reading Sept. 3, 1925.	

Second reading October 1, 1925.

____J. F. Hesse_______ 

Mayor

Attest:	Florence S. Doherty

City Clerk.
ORDINANCE NO. 115

An Ordinance to amend Section three (3) of Ordinance No. 103 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled:	"An Ordinance to amend Section six [6) of Ordinance No. 77 of the City

of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to Prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas without
first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license
providing a penalty therefor, and repealing all Ordinances in conflict therewith." and to
amend said Ordinance No. 77 by adding a new section thereto to be known as Section 6b, and
to repeal all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with said amendments."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section three (3) of the above-entitled Ordinance No. 103 is hereby amended
 so as to read as follows:

Section 3. A new section is hereby added to said Ordinance No. 77, to be known as 
Section 6b, as follows:

Section 6b. It shall be the duty of the owner, proprietor, manager, or other person
 having charge or control of any location or place of business for ar concerning which a license
 or licenses is or are issued under this Ordinance, and any employee thereof, at all
times of the day and night to keep and maintain on, or upon at least one side of each and
every glass door or window fronting or abutting upon any street or alley, a shade, curtain,
screen, or other obstruction, which shall prevent and obstruct the free view from the outside
of such glass door or window into that portion of such location or place of business where
any such game or games is or are located or being carried on. Provided, however, that no
such games or game, so licensed shall be dealt, played or carried on behind locked or barred
doors."

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage
and publication for one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 3rd day of December, 1925, upon the

following vote:	Commissioners Smith, Elwell, Mundy, Hammond and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse

voting aye; noes, none.		

First reading Nov. 6th, 1925.

Second reading Dec. 3rd, 1925.

Approved this 3rd day of Dec. 1925. 

J. F. Hesse
Mayor

Attest:	Florence S. Doherty	

City Clerk	
	ORDINANCE NO. 116



	An Ordinance vacating a portion of Lewis Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite 

 in the City 0f Las Vegas for public school and high school purposes.

	THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Sec. 1. That in order to promote the public welfare of the said City of Las Vegas,
it is hereby ordained and directed that the following portion of Lewis Street in Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite in said City of Las Vegas, to-wit: That portion of said Lewis Street
lying between the North property line of Block number thirty eight in said Townsite and
the South property line of the school house block (Unnumbered) situate immediately north
of said Black number thirty-right across said portion of Lewis Street for the entire
width between said two blocks, be and the same is hereby vacated for use by Clark County
Educational District No. 2, and Las Vegas School District No.12, the occupants of said
two blocks abutting upon said portion of said Lewis Street, for public school and
high school purposes, the apportionment of same for such respective uses to be made
by and between the said users through their respective governing bodies. Provided, however
that said portion of said Lewis Street shall be closed and kept closed after the passage

of this Ordinance solely by and at the expense of said users.

Sec. 2. This Ordinance shall take affect and be in force from and after its

passage and publication for one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at an
adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the
21st day of April, 1926, and read for the second time and passed at a regular meeting
of said Board 0f Commissioners held on the 4th day 0f May, 1926, upon the following
vote: Commissioners Smith, Mundy and Elwell, and his honor the Mayor Hesse, voting
aye, Noes, None.

Approved this 4th day of May 1926.

Attest:

 Florence S. Doherty

	 City Clerk		J. F. Hesse_____________________

Mayor

Affidavit of Publication

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) SS

)

Dewey Linder being first duly sworn deposes and says: That he is 

foreman of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached

Pub. Ordinance #116, City of Las Vegas

		

was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of One week

from May 8th 1926

to

inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

May 8th, 1926

The said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named. That the charge for publishing the same was $9.00.

Signed Dewey Linder___________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th day of May,

A.D. 1926.

C. D. Breeze______________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County
Nevada.

SEAL.
ORDINANCE NO 117

An Ordinance to Amend Sec. 1 of Ordinance NO.112 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled

"An Ordinance to license traveling shows, circuses, hippodromes, menageries and
carnivals in the City of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance No. 105 of the City of Las
Vegas and all Ordinance and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do 0rdain as follows:

Sec. 1. of said Ordinance No. 112 is hereby amended so that the same shall read
as follows:

Sec. 1. Any proprietor, lessee or manager of any traveling show, traveling
skating rink, circus, hippodrome, menagerie, or carnival intending to exhibit in the
open air or under a tent or in any public hall, club room, assembly hall or theatre
where movable scenery and theatrical appliances are used, any performance or
exhibition in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall pay to the City Clerk of said City
of Las Vegas the sum of Fifty Dollars as a license fee for the privilege of showing
and exhibiting such traveling show, traveling skating rink, circus, hippodrome,
menagerie or carnival for each day; and upon payment therefor said City Clerk shall
issue license for the day or number of days so paid for.

Provided, that nothing in this Section contained shall be deemed or construed
to require the holder of a theatre license to procure any additional license to
conduct, maintain or carry on any theatrical or vaudeville performance when such
performance is conducted at any such theater so licensed.

Sec. 2. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and

adoption and publication for one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Age,______________ a

weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 17th day of June A. D. 1926. upon the following
vote: Commissioners Mundy, Smith and Elwell, and his Honor

the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye; Noes-none. First reading Apr. 21, 1926. Second and
final reading June 17, 1926.

Approved this 17th day of June, 1926

J. F. Hesse_________

Mayor

Attest:

______Florence S. Doherty,__________

City Clerk

SEAL


	Ordinance No 118



An Ordinance for the regulation of the use of the fire works in the City of Las

Vegas, prohibiting firing or discharging any fireworks within the City without a permit
granted by the Board of City Commissioners, and providing penalties for the violation
hereof.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person, persons, firm, company, corporation
or association within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, to discharge or set off any
rocket, squib, fire cracker, or other fire works of any description, except as hereinafter
 provided.

Section 2. It shall be lawful to give public displays of fire works within the
City Of Las Vegas by obtaining permission from the Board of City Commissioners, which
permission shall be in writing, and shall specifically state the time when, and the
place where such fire works may be discharged or set off.

Section 3. Any person or persons, firm, company, corporation or association who
or which shall violate any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than
$10.00 or more than $100.00, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not
less than 5 days or more than fifty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 4. This Ordinance shall take effect immediately upon its passage and
adoption and publication for one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas.

It appearing to the Board that an emergency existed for the immediate passage and
adoption of this Ordinance, it was upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by

Commissioner Elwell______________________________, ordered that this ordinance be passed and adopted

as an emergency ordinance at this meeting, the vote being cast as follows:

to-wit: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and Smith___________________________________________________and His Honor the

Mayor, Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 17th day of June, A. D. 1926, at an
adjourned regular meeting of said Board, upon the following vote: Commissioners Mundy,

Elwell, and Smith__________________and his Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting aye. Noes, None.

First reading June 17, 1926
Approved this 17th day of June, 1926
J. F. Hesse__________________

Attest:	Mayor	

Florence S. Doherty, __________________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

A. E. CAHLAN, being first duly sworn deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United States over the age of eighteen years; that he is 

	

the Editor of the Clark county Review, a weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that the Ordinane No. 118





of which the attached is a true and correct copy, was published in said paper one consecutive issues, on the following dates, 

   

to-wit, June 18, 1926. 



	A. E. Cahlan



Subscribed and sworn to me this 10th day of July, A. D., 1926. 



Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.



My commission expires May 26, 1926.   (SEAL).
	ORDINANACE NO. 119



An Ordinance authorizing C. O. Lauritzen and George P. Peabody, and their assigns to install, lay
   down and maintain gas mains, distributing pipes and supply pipes, and all necessary and proper 
appliances used in connection therewith or appurtenant thereto, in, through, over, across, under and 
along all or any of the streets, alleys or public grounds of the City of Las Vegas in carrying
business of furnishing gas to the inhabitants of said City for heating, lighting, power and other uses
and purposes, and establishing regulations and conditions in connection therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAINAS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That a franchise be and the same is hereby granted to C. O. Lauritzen and George P. 

	

Peabody, and to their assigns, to install, lay down and maintain gas mains and distributing, pipes, and supply
pipes, and all necessary and proper appliances used in connection therewith, or appurtenant thereto, in,
through, over, across, under and along all or any of the streets, alleys- or public grounds of the said
City of Las Vegas including Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, the Original Townsite of Las Vegas and all 
additions and subdivisions now existing as a part of said City and all additions and subdivisions which
may hereafter be added to said City of Las Vegas during the life of this franchise, as the grantees, or
their assigns, may deem necessary or expedient in carrying on the business of furnishing gas to the 
inhabitants of said City of Las Vegas for heating, lighting, power and other uses and purposes.

Section 2. For the purposes aforesaid the said Grantees, and their assigns, shall have the right
to make the necessary excavations in said streets, alleys and public grounds; provided, the said grantees,
or their assigns, shall:	

(a)	In all cases, after making any excavation in the streets, alleys or public, grounds, promptly
restore such street, alley or public ground to its former condition.

(b) Fully observe all of the ordinances and regulations of said City of Las Vegas now in existence
or which may hereafter be adopted, relative to the making of excavations in such streets, alleys and
public grounds.

(c)	At all times hold said City of Las Vegas free and harmless from any and all liability, damages,
costs, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by reason of damage to persons or property caused by such
excavations made in such streets, alleys, or public grounds.

Section 5. As further conditions upon which this franchise is granted, it is provided:	

1.	That the municipal authorities shall further have the power to make all necessary rules and
regulations for the laying and maintaining of all such gas mains, distributing pipes, supply pipes, 
appliances and appurtenances, and shall have power to change the rules and regulations from time to time
as in their judgment may seem just and proper.

2.	The municipal authorities shall also have the right to direct the change in location at any time
of such gas mains, distributing pipes, supply pipes, appliances and appurtenances, and to establish and
change the grades of said streets, alleys and public grounds.

3.	Said grantees, and their assigns, shall at all times keep said gas mains, distributing pipes,
supply pipes, appliances and appurtenances in proper condition and repair, so that the same shall not
damage or obstruct the use of said streets, alleys or public grounds for travel or for public uses by
reason of leakages or otherwise.

Section 4. A violation of any of the provisions of this Franchise shall be grounds for and entitle
said City to revoke and annul this franchise in whole or in part, or said City may pursue such other
remedy or course as the law permits. Said City hereby reserves all rights incident to the grantor of a
municipal franchise, and this Franchise is granted subject to the supervisory regulation and control by
the Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada of the business of so furnishing gas to the 
inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas by said grantees and their assigns.

Section 5. This Franchise shall not be construed to authorize the grantees, or their assigns, to use
or to acquire any rights in any of the streets, alleys or public grounds by said City of Las Vegas

inconsistent with the future legitimate uses of such streets, alleys or public grounds by said City of Las

Vegas, nor shall the grant hereby made operate in itself nor by lapse of time or by the expenditure of
moneys by grantees, or their assigns, as an estoppel against said City of Las Vegas in any respect	

whatsoever. Nor shall this Franchise be construed as a grant of any right or privilege adverse to the rights	

of any abutting owner of owners of property along any of the streets, alleys or public grounds where

said pipes, mains, appliances or appurtenances may be placed or maintained by said grantees, or their

assigns, nor to establish any rights in the grantees, or their assigns, contrary to or inconsistent	

with the right of the original dedicators of said streets, alleys, or public grounds, or their assigns.

Section 6. That in case the said grantees, or their assigns, discontinue, refuse or neglect to
manufacture and supply gas to the said City or its inhabitants, insofar as permitted by said Public
Service Commission to do so, at any time for and during the term of six months at any one time after
the period hereinafter prescribed for the completion of the gas plant and the commencement of furnishing
of gas to the inhabitants of said City, then this ordinance and franchise shall be null and void,
and the City Commissioners may order the removal of the mains, pipes, appliances and appurtenances,
so installed, laid down or placed by said grantees, or their assigns in, through, over, across, 
under or along the public streets, alleys or public grounds of said City of Las Vegas, and may declare
the same a public nuisance, provided, however, that before this ordinance and franchise shall become
null and void, or any action taken as in this paragraph provided, the Board of Commissioners
shall first give to said grantees, or their assigns, thirty days notice in writing to comply with
the provisions of this paragraph.

 

Section 7. Within six months after the passage of this Ordinance the said grantees, or their assigns,

shall file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a plat of the mains proposed to
be laid, showing proposed location and position thereof.

Section 8. The work of installing and laying down of said mains and pipes shall be commenced
  within six months after the passage of this ordinance, and said work shall be completed and the 

gas plant be inoperation and furnishing gas to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas within 

 one year after the passage of this Ordinance. 



Section 9. The privileges hereby granted to grantees shall insure to the benefit of said 

grantees, and their assigns, for the period of fifty years from and after the passage of this
Ordinance; provided, said grantees shall not be entitled to assign this franchise or any rights
hereunder without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said City first had and

obtained in writing, except that permission is hereby given to said grantees to assign this Franchise 

to Las Vegas Gas Company, a corporation to be organized by said grantees; and in the event of such 

  assignment the provision hereinbefore made against assignment without written consent shall thereafter

	

apply to said corporation, and to its successors and assigns. 

Section 10. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and
   publication and acceptance, and the grantees herein shall pay the expenses of publishing the same.

This Ordinance shall bo published for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper

published in the City of Las vegas.  Acceptance hereof by said grantees shall be filed in writing 



with the City Clerk of said City within thirty days from the date of passage of this Ordinance.



Passed and adopted as an emergency Ordinance upon the consent of the whole Board of Commissioners 



first had and obtained, on this 5th day of August, 1926, the vote on said Ordinance being 

as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none. 

Approved, August 5, 1926 	





ATTEST:

Florence S. Doherty

City Clerk.	(SEAL)
	Ordinance No. 120

		

An Ordinance to amend Section 22 of Ordinance No 66 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance regulating Travel and Traffic upon the Public Streets of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada."

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Sec. 1. That Section 33 of Ordinance No 66 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada be,
and the same is hereby amended to read as follows:

"Section 33 Subdiv. (a) It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle in or
upon any street in the City of Las Vegas, or for any person standing or walking in any
such street, to fail, refuse or neglect to allow the right of way to any officer,
fireman or apparatus of the Fire Department when the same is going to, on duty at,
or returning from, a fire, or to any ambulance, whether of public or private
character, when such vehicle is employed in going for or carrying a sick or injured
person to a hospital or other place of relief or treatment, or to any officer or
policeman or vehicle of the police or fire department, when responding to calls or
alarms, or to vehicles under the control of the City of Las Vegas used in cleaning,
sweeping or flushing the public street or sewers, or for the collection of garbage.

Subdiv. (b) It shall be unlawful for the operator of any vehicle, other than
one official business, to follow any fire apparatus traveling in response to a fire
alarm closer than one block or to park any vehicle within the block where fire
apparatus has stopped in answer to a fire alarm.

Subdiv. (c) No vehicle shall be driven over any unprotected hose of the Fire
Department when laid down on any street or private driveway, to be used at any fire
or alarm of fire, without the consent of the Fire Chief or the assistant in command".

Sec. 2. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage and publication for one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
published in said City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted as an emergency Ordinance, upon resolution entered in the
minutes of said Board of Commissioners, upon the consent of the whole Board of
Commissioners first had and obtained on this 2nd day of September, 1926, the vote on
said Ordinance being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

Approved Sept. 2, 1926

___	J. F. Hesse______________________

Mayor

Attest :

Florence Doherty



AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly Sworn, deposes and says; That he is a publisher
of the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance No. 120 of the City of Las Vegas

was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week,

from September 4, 1926
to

inclusive, being the issue of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit:

September 4, 1926.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named. That the charge for publishing
the same was $11.00.

Signed Chas. P. Squires________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th day of
September, 1926.

C. D. Breeze________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada.	(Seal)
	Ordinance No. 121



	An Ordinance establishing official grades of the lots, streets, alleys, avenues,

public places, sewers, and other grades in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and in other 
additions	to and subdivisions of the City of Las Vegas, fixing a penalty for the violation

of any of the provisions hereof, and repealing Sections one, two, three, four, and five
of Ordinance No. 47 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance establishing 

official grades of the lots, streets, alleys, avenues, public places, sewers, and other
grades in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and City of Las Vegas, and regulating the construction
of sidewalks therein and other matters relating thereto," approved Oct. 3, 1913,
and also repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Sec. 1. That for the purpose of establishing and designating the official

grades of the lots, streets, alleys, avenues, public places and sewers, and other grades in
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and in other additions to and subdivisions of the City of Las
Vegas, sea level is hereby declared to be the datum plane of the said City.

Sec. 2. The top of the red metal disc, marked (C. &  G. S. b. m.), set in the
top of the south end of the lower step at the west ground floor entrance of the Clark
County Court House in said City of Las Vegas, all in Block twenty Clark's Las Vegas Townsite,
whose altitude above sea level has been ascertained, is hereby adopted and designated as
the primal bench mark within said City, and the elevation of the top of said red metal disc is
2,020.954 feet above said datum plane.

Sec. 3. The grade of all lots within Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and other 
additions to and subdivisions of the City of Las Vegas, as far as the survey has been made,

is hereby established as follows:

Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.

Block No._______________________N. W. Cor.__N. E. Cor.___  __S. W. Cor.__________S. E. Cor.

1	2021.0	ft.	2019.4	ft.	2023.2 ft.	2020.4	ft.

2	2023.3	ft.	2020.4	ft.	2024.7 ft.	2022.9	ft.

3	2025.1	ft.	2022.6	ft.	2025.8	ft.	2023.4	ft.

4	2025.6	ft.	2022.5	ft.	2026.9	ft.	2023.5	ft.

5	2026.9	ft.	2022.8	ft.	2027.0	ft.	2024.2	ft.

6	2027.0	ft.	2024.8	ft.	2027.4	ft.	2025.4	ft.

7	2027.3	ft.	2024.7	ft.	2027.7	ft.	2025.4	ft.

8	2027.9	ft.	2025.6	ft.	2028.4	ft.	2026.1	ft.

9	2025.1	ft.	2022.9	ft.	2026.0	ft.	2023.1	ft.

10	2024.7	ft.	2021.8	ft.	2026.0	ft.	2023.1	ft.

11	2024.1	ft.	2021.7	ft.	2024.6	ft.	2022.0	ft.

12	2023.1	ft.	2020.9	ft.	2023.8	ft.	2021.7	ft.

13	2022.3	ft.	2020.3	ft.	2022.8	ft.	2020.7	ft.

14	2022.1	ft.	2019.8	ft.	2022.5	ft.	2020.3	ft.

15	2019.3	ft.	2017.7	ft.	2022.1	ft.	2020.2	ft.

16	2018.5	ft.	2016.9	ft.	20l9.3 ft.	2017.6	ft.

17	2016.0	ft.	2014.4	ft.	2016.7	ft.	2016.3	ft.

18	2016.5	ft.	2016.0	ft.	2019.0	ft.	2016.0	ft.

19	2019.1	ft.	2016.1	ft.	2019.8	ft.	2016.8	ft.

20	2019.7	ft.	2017.3	ft.	2020.3	ft.	2019.2	ft.

21	2020.3	ft.	2019.0	ft.	2021.1	ft.	2018.2	ft.

22	2021.2 ft.		2018.7 ft.	2021.5 ft.	2019.0 ft.

23	2021.5	ft.	2018.9	ft.	2022.6	ft.	2017.4	ft.

24	2022.6	ft.	2017.5	ft.	2023.0	ft.	2019.5	ft.

25	2016.7	ft.	2014.0	ft.	2018.4	ft.	2016.2	ft.

26	2017.7	ft.	2014.3	ft.	2016.8	ft.	2014.0	ft.

27	2017.0	ft.	2015.0	ft.	2017.7	ft.	2014.2	ft.

28	2018.7	ft.	2016.6	ft.	2017.4	ft.	2014.4	ft.

29	2016.4	ft.	2015.0	ft.	2018.5 ft.	2016.6	ft.

30	2015.4	ft.	2012.5	ft.	2016.8	ft.	2015.0	 ft.

31	2016.1	ft.	2012.7	ft.	2015.4	ft.	2012.3	 ft.

32	2013.9	ft.	2011.7	ft.	2016.1	ft.	2012.7	ft.

33	2010.5	ft.	2008.7	ft.	2012.1	ft.	2009.3 ft.

34	2012.1	ft.	2008.7	ft.	2011.9	ft.	2009.9	ft.

35	2012.0	ft.	2010.2	ft.	2014.3	ft.	2010.2	ft.

36	2014.6	ft.	2013.0	ft.	2015.5	ft.	2013.0 ft.

37	2015.4	ft. 	2012.6	ft.	Street	Closed

38	2013.2 ft.	2010.3 ft.

39	2013.3	ft.	2010.3	ft.	2012.8	ft.	2010.3	ft.

40	2013.0 ft.	2010.4 ft.	2015.1 ft.	2012.4 ft.
175

HAWKINS' Addition.

Block No.	N. W. Cor.____________ N. E. Cor.                 S. W. Cor.                  S. E. Cor.

             A													2007.7 ft.

1                       2008.0 ft.	2008.8 ft.	2004.9 ft.

2	2008.0 ft.	2005.0 ft.	2010.0 ft.	2007.0 	ft.

3	.	20100. ft.	2007.0 ft.	2010.0 ft.	2007.0 ft.

4	2010.4 ft.	2007.4 ft.	2012.5 ft.	2009.5 ft.

5	2006.6 ft.	2003.6 ft.	2008.7 ft.

6	2006.2 ft.	2003.2 ft.	2006.2 ft.	2003.2 ft.

7	2004.4 ft.	2006.2 ft.



8	2002.8 ft.

	

  B	2002.4 ft.

          C	2012.6	ft.	2009.6	ft.



Buck's Subdivision.



Block No.	N. W. Cor.	N. E. Cor.	S. W. Cor.	    S. E. Cor.

 1                     2002.3 ft.                  1998.4 ft.                 2004.3 ft.                 2001.0 ft.

  2	2005.2 ft.	2001.3 ft.	2002.5 ft.

   3	2002.3	ft.	2003.2 	ft.

   4	2002.0 ft.	1999.3 ft.	2004.4 ft.	2002.6 ft.

   5	2000.3 ft.	1996.4 ft.	2001.5 ft.	1999.1 	ft.

   6	1997.5 ft.	1994.1 ft.	2000.1 ft.	1996.9 	ft.

  9	1993.8 ft.	1992.6 ft.	1996.0 ft.	1993.9 	ft.

 10	1995.8 ft.	1993.7 ft.	1998.5 ft.	1996.1 	ft.

11	1998.6 ft.	1995.9 ft. 	2002.1 ft.	2000.3 	ft.

12	2001.7 ft.	1999.6 ft.	2002.4 ft.	2000.6 	ft.

13	2002.4 ft.	2000.3 ft.	1999.4 ft.

14	1999.7 ft.	1997.6 ft.	1998.6 ft.

15	1999.0 ft.	1996.9 ft.	2000.1 ft.	1998.4	 ft.

16	1995.2 ft.	1993.7 ft.	1999.8 ft.	1998.0 	ft.

17	1993.1 ft.	1995.5	ft.

18	1992.3 ft.	1993.3	ft.

19	1993.2 ft.	1997.5 ft.	1997.5 ft.	1995.1	 ft.

20	1996.6 ft.	1995.4 ft.	1997.6 ft.	1993.0 	ft.



21	1996.5 ft.	1992.3	ft.

            22	1995.0 ft.	1992.0	ft.

A	1991.2	ft.

B	1999.0 ft.

C	1999.8 ft.



Wardie Addition



Block No.	N. W. Cor.	N. E. Cor.                    S. W. Cor.	 S. E. Cor.

1			2011.9 ft.	2008.9 ft.

2	2011.7 ft.



               6	2008.8 ft.	2008.1	ft.

             7		2004.7 ft.	2000.8 ft.

A	Pioneer	Heights	Addition	2005.7 	ft.



Block No.	N. W. Cor.	N. E. Cor.	S. W. Cor.	S. E. Cor.

           1                                                                               	1982.1 ft.	

2	1987.0 ft.	1990.1 ft.	1983.1 ft.

3	1997.1 ft.	1991.1 ft.

5	1999.8 ft.

Ladd Addition

______Block	No.___________N. W. Cor.____________N. E.	Cor.__________ S. W. Cor.________________________ S. E. Cor.

	2	1985.9 ft.

                 1	1985.2 ft.

Fairview Tract

Block No.	N. W. Cor.	N. E. Cor.	S. W. Cor.	S. E. Cor.

1	1991.1 ft.                                                	1986.8 ft.

2	1990.1	ft.

6	1989.4 ft.	1989.2	ft.

7	1991.3 ft.	1989.8 ft.	1994.1 ft.	1990.2 ft.

8	1991.7 ft.

Sec. 4. Whenever it shall be deemed advisable to establish a grade on any street

where no grade has been heretofore established or to change any established grade the City

Engineer, or such other civil engineer as the Board of City Commissioners of said City
shall designate, shall cause the necessary survey to be made and prerare and submit to
Board of City Commissioners an elevation map of such proposed grade with his recommendations
concerning the same. Whenever such elevation map shall have been approved and adopted by
a majority of the Board of City Commissioners as a correct map of the grade on such street,
the action of the Board of City Commissioners shall be endorsed on said map by the City
Clerk and said map shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, or in the office of the
City Engineer as shall be directed by the Board of City Commissi oners, and the grade of
any such street shall thereafter be considered as established as shown upon such elevation
map. It shall be unlawful for any person to erect or to construct or commence the 
erection or construction of any building or other structure upon the line of any street,
where the grade of said street has already been established, without first making application
to the City Clerk or City Engineer, with whom such elevation map or maps are filed,
to indicate the grade of the street upon which said building or other structure is to be
erected or to thereafter build to any grade other than that indicated by the City Clerk or
City Engineer, as the case may be. An elevation map, showing the grades established in
and by Section 3 of this Ordinance has been presented to this Board and is hereby 
approved, as a correct map of said grades hereby established, and is hereby ordered that
said map shall have endorsed thereon by the City Clerk the approval of this Board and
said map shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk until the further order of said
Board of City Commissioners for use in connection with the operation of the provisions
of this Ordinance.

Sec. 5. All official elevations hereafter established in the City of Las Vegas
shall be described with reference to their elevations as compared with said datum plane,
as established by said primal bench mark, in feet and decimal parts of a foot.

Sec. 6. The elevations shall be fixed at the property lines; and the elevations
hereinabove in Sec. 3 of this Ordinance are hereby declared to be fixed at the property
lines.

Sec. 7. The grade of all sidewalks in said City is hereby established so that if
continued to the curb line on the same slope it will be even with the top of the curb.

The slope shall be at the rate of a fall of three tenths (.3ft.) of a foot in the fifteen
feet from the property line to the face of the curb, and the top of the curb shall
be three tenths of a foot below the lot grade as established by this Ordinance or as
may hereafter be established under the provisions of this Ordinance.

Sec.	8.	The grade of the gutter at the curb line shall be not less than five tenths

of a	foot and not more than a foot below the top of the curb.

Sec.	9.	The shape of the cross section and the elevations thereof shall be fixed

at the time the street is improved depending on the material used for paving.

Sec. 10. The longitudinal slope or grade of the street shall be on straight lines
connecting the points where the elevations are fixed or shall hereafter be fixed as 
provided in this ordinance; excepting where the grade breaks in the block between 
intersecting streets, then the roadway and curbs shall be on vertical curves of such length
and kind that the allowable cross slope of the sidewalk will be maintained.

Sec. 11. The official elevations of the corners of intersecting streets, alleys,
lanes and other places and highways intersecting said street at points between points on
which the official elevations are fixed in the manner described in this ordinance, shall
be and are hereby, fixed at an elevation being on a straight line connecting the two
established points nearest said intersecting corners.

Sec. 12. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof before the Municipal Judge
of the said City shall be fined in any sum not less than Ten Dollars nor more than One
Hundred Dollars or shall bee imprisoned in the City Jail for any term not less than five
days, nor more than fifty days, or by both such fine and imprisonments.

Sec. 13. Sections one, two, three, four, and five of Ordinance No. 47 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance establishing official grades of the lots, streets,

alleys, avenues, public places, sewers, and other grades in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite
and City of Las Vegas, and regulating the construction of sidewalks therein and other
matters relating thereto." approved Oct. 3, 1913, and all ordinances and parts of 
Ordinances in conflict herewith, are hereby repealed.

Sec. 14. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its 
passage and publication for one week (two issues) in______Las Vegas Review a ______________

semi-weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.


Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada this 19th day of
February 1927, upon second reading upon the following voter Commissioners

Smith, Elwell, Mundy, and his Honor the Mayor Hesse voting aye. Noes NONE____________________.

First reading January 12, 1927.

Approved this 19th day of February, 1927.

____________J. F. HESSE __________________

Mayor.

ATTEST:

______________WM. L. SCOTT__________________

City Clerk.

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE 0F NEVADA, )

) ss.

County of Clark, )

A. E. Cahlan_________.being first duly sworn,

deposes and says:	That he is____Editor______of the

LAS VEGAS REVIEW, a semi-weekly newspaper, of 
general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
attached City Ordinance Number 121 was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of One Week
from February 22, to March 1

inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit:	Feb. 22, 25

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated
on each of the dates above named.

Signed_______A. E. Cahlan___________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
10th day of March, 1927.

C. D. Breeze___________

Notary Public in and for
Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires
May 26, 1927

ORDINANCE NO. 122

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, providing for the Improvement of Fourth Street
by constructing cement and concrete sidewalk in front of Blocks Nos. 39 and 40 of Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite, and providing for the payment therefor by special assessment.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. It is hereby ordered that a cement, concrete sidewalk shall be constructed
 along the East side of Fourth Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, commencing at Clark
Street and running thence southerly along the East Side of Fourth Street to its intersection
with Garcia Street, excepting lots 8-9-10-11-12-&13 in Block No. 40. Said sidewalk shall
BE CONSTRUCTED IN Accordance with the provisions of Ordinance No. 47 of the City of Las
Vegas and in accordance with the plate and diagrams of said work on file in the office of
the City Clerk. The sidewalk space at the corner of the blocks is included in said improvement.

SECTION 2. Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of the ground
fronting on the East side of said Fourth Street and abutting upon said improvement, and the
cost thereof, including the sidewalk at the corners of the blocks included in said district,
shall he collected be a special assessment, and shall be assessed on the taxable lots and
premises abutting upon such improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage.

The cost and expense of said improvement shall include the cost of surveys, plans, assessment, 
cost of inspection, cost of construction and all fees and compensation chargeable in
the work of making such special assessment. In case the amount of any special assessment
upon any lot or premises shall exceed fifty per cent, of the value of such lot or premises
as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County taxation, such
cost exceeding fifty per cent, shall be paid form the general fund of the City.

SECTION 3. The assessment district for said improvement shall include the lots and
premises within the following boundaries, to-wit:	Commencing on the East side of Fourth

Street at the point where said street intersects with the southerly side of Clark Street;
running thence along the East side of Fourth Street in a southerly direction to its intersection
 with Garcia Street; thence easterly along Garcia Street to its intersection with the
alley running northerly and southerly in Block No. 40; thence northerly along the west side
of said alley through blocks 40 and 39 to the intersection of said alley with Clark Street;
thence westerly along the southerly side of Clark Street to the place of beginning, excepting

from said district lots 8-9-10-11-12 & 13 in Block 40.

SECTION 4. The said work shall be done under contract to be let by this Board to the
lowest responsible bidder and upon such conditions as the Board of City Commissioners may
prescribe in the letting of such contract.

SECTION. 5. A special assessment is hereby required to be made pro rata upon the lots
in the above described special assessment district, according to frontage; and the City
Assessor is hereby directed immediately upon the passage of this Ordinance to make such
special assessment according to frontage, and he is hereby directed to assess the sum of
Nine Hundred forty-eight and 92/100 Dollars ($948.92), the same being the amount hereby
determined necessary to cover the cost of such improvement. From the date of the approval
of the assessment roll the special assessment shall constitute a lien upon the respective
lots or parcels of land assessed.

SECTION 6. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage
 and publication for one week (two issues) in Las Vegas Review, a semi-weekly newspaper
published in said City of Las Vegas.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at an 
adjourned regular meeting of said Board held on the 30th day of April, 1927, and was read
for the second time and passed at its regular meeting held on the 5th day of May, 1927
by the following vote, to-wit; Commissioners Mundy, Smith and his Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes, none.

Approved this 5th day of May, A. D., 1927.

 J. F. HESSE _________________________

Mayor

ATTEST:



_______WM. L. SCOTT__________________

City Clerk.

STATE OF NEVADA, )

:SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK, )

A. E. Cahlan________, being first duly sworn

deposes arid says:	That he is Editor_________of the

LAS VEGAS REVIEW, a semi-weekly newspaper, of 
general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas

in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
attached ORDINANCE # 122 was continuously published
in said newspaper for a period of from May 10, 1927

to May 17, 1927 inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

May 10, May 13

That the said newspaper was regularly issued and
circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed	A. E. Cahlan

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th
day of May, 1927.

C. L. Ronnow_______________________

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada

My Commission Expires
Oct. 13, 1930

(SEAL)

ORDINANCE NO. 123

An Ordinance creating a City Planning Commission, prescribing their powers and



 duties, and other matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. Pursuant to and in compliance with the previsions and authority of
Chapter 131 of the laws of 1921 of the State of Nevada, being an act of the Senate and
Assembly of the State of Nevada, entitled "An Act providing for the creation of city
(or town) planning commissions for incorporated cities and towns; prescribing their  
powers and duties, and other matters relating thereto," approved March 21, 1921, a
city planning commission for said City of Las Vegas, to be known as and designated "Las
Vegas Planning Commission," is hereby created and established.

SECTION 2. Such city planning commission shall consist of the mayor, the city 
attorney, the city engineer, ex-officio, and seven other members to be appointed by the
mayor, not more than two of whom shall he nonresidents of the City of Las Vegas. At the
first meeting of such planning commission, the seven appointed members shall choose their
term of office by lot, as follows: One for one year; two for two years; two for three

years; and two for four years. Their successors shall hold office for four years. Any
vacancies shall be filled by the mayor for the unexpired term.

SECTION 3. Members of said city planning commission shall receive no compensation.
They shall annually elect a president and vice-president from the appointed members
and may elect a secretary who need not be a member of the commission. Such commission
may adopt by-laws and rules and regulations for its government and in connection with
its duties, not inconsistent with the provisions of said above mentioned act or of any 
ordinance creating such commission. The secretary shall keep an accurate record of all 
proceedings, and the commission shall prepare and file with the Board of City Commissioners
an annual report at the end of each calendar year. The Board of City Commissioners shall
assign to such commission an office, or headquarters, in the city hall, if possible, in
which to hold its meetings, transact its business, and keep its records. Such planning
commission shall not have power or authority to incur any expense other than such as may
he authorized by the Board of City Commissioners.

SECTION 4. It shall be the duty of said city planning commission, and they shall
have power, except as otherwise provided by law, to recommend and advise the city council
and all other public authorities concerning the laying out, widening, extending, paving,
parking, and locating of streets, sidewalks, and boulevards; the betterment of housing
and sanitary conditions, and the establishment of zones or districts within which lots or
buildings may be restricted to residential use, or from which the establishment, conduct,
or operation of certain business, manufacturing, or other enterprises shall be excluded,
and limiting the height, area, and bulk of buildings and structures therein; to recommend
to the city council and all other public authorities plans and regulations for the future
growth, development, and beautification of the municipality in respect to its public and
private buildings and works, streets, parks, grounds, and vacant lots; to do and perform
any and all other acts and things necessary or proper to carry out the provisions of the
above-mentioned Act, and in general to study and propose such measures as may be for the
municipal welfare.

SECTION 5. All maps, plats, and replats of land laid out in building lots, and
the streets, alleys, or other portions of the same intended to be dedicated for public
use or for the use of purchasers or owners of lots fronting thereon or adjacent thereto
and located within the city limits, and all plans or plats for vacating, laying out, widening,
 extending, paving, parking, and locating streets, or plans for public buildings,
shall first be submitted to such planning commission for report thereon before final action
shall be taken by the Board of City Commissioners, unless in case of emergency or the
report of such planning commission is unreasonable delayed.

SECTION 6. Said planning commission is authorized to represent the city and to
appear and be heard by the board of county commissioners in the matter of the approval by
such board of County Commissioners of any map or plat of land laid out in streets, alleys,
and public places when the same is situate within three miles outside the city limits of
the City of Las Vegas, and which shall be exterior to the boundaries of any other incorporated
 city or town within such three mile limit, when such map or plat is submitted to
such board of county commissioners under the provisions of section three of an act 
entitled "An Act authorizing owners of land to lay out and plat such land into lots, streets,

alleys, and public places, and providing for the approval and filing of maps or plats

thereof," approved March 13, 1905.

SECTION 7. Said city planning commission may receive gifts, bequests, or devises
 of property to carry out any of the purposes of said above-mentioned Act and shall
have control and distribution over the same.	 

SECTION 8. This Ordinance	shall take effect and be in force from and after its

passage	and approval and publication for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a

weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 5th day of May, 1927, upon the following vote: 
Commissioners Mundy and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting aye. Noes, None.

First reading April 26, 1927. Second reading May 5, 1927.

Approved this 5th day of May, 1927.

_________J. F. Hesse_______________

Mayor

Attest:	

_________Wm. L. Scott__________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION
STATE OF NEVADA )

. ss

COUNTY OF CLARK

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes
 and says:	That he is publisher of the LAS VEGAS

AGE, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed
 and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the attached ORDINANCE #

123 of the City of Las Vegas, was continuously published
 in said newspaper for a period of ONE WEEK from
May 14, 1927 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: May 14,
1927.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and
circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the charge for publishing the same was
$25.80.

Signed ____Chas. P. Squires__________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this

SECOND day of June, 1927.

C. D. Breeze_____________

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires
May 26, 1931

	ORDINANCE NO. 124

	An Ordinance to amend Section seven (7) and eight (8) of ordinance No. 119 of



the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance authorizing C. O. Lauritzen and George P.
Peabody, and their assigns, to install, lay down and maintain gas mains, distributing
pipes and supply pipes, and all necessary and proper appliances used in connection therewith
or appurtenant thereto, in, through, over, across, under and along all or any of the
streets, alleys or public grounds of the City of Las Vegas in carrying on the business of
furnishing gas to the inhabitants of said city for heating, lighting, power and other uses
and purposes, and establishing regulations and conditions in connection therewith."

 THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. That section 7 of said Ordinance No. 119 of the City of Las Vegas, be
and the same is hereby amended to read as follows: "Section 7. The said grantees, 
assigns, shall, on or before the 1st day of January, 1928, file in the office of the City
Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a plat of the mains proposed to be laid, showing proposed
location and position thereof."

SECTION 2. That Section 8 of said Ordinance No. 119 of the City of Las Vegas, be
and the same is hereby amended to read as follows? "Section 8. The work of installing and
laying down of said mainland pipes shall be commenced within eighteen months after the
passage of this ordinance, and said work shall be completed and the gas plant be in operation
in furnishing gas to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas within two years after the
passage of this ordinance."

SECTION 3. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage and publication and the grantees herein shall pay the expense of publishing the
same. This ordinance shall be published for one week (two issues) in the Las Vegas Review
a semi-weekly newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas.

Read first time May 21, 1927. Read second time June 2, 1927.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 2nd day of June, 1927, upon the
following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell, and his Honor, the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Approved June 2, 1927.

_____J. F. Hesse ________________

Attest:		Mayor.

 Wm. L. Scott
City Clerk.

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION


	STATE OF NEVADA,)

: SS

COUNTY OF CLARK,)

______A. E. CAHLAN being first duly sworn,

deposes and says:	That He is Editor of the

LAS VEGAS REVIEW, a semi-weekly newspaper,
of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the attached ORDINANCE NO. 124 was 
continuously published in said newspaper for a period
	of one week from June 3 to June 10

inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit:	June 3-7

That said newspaper was regularly issued and 
circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed ______A. E. Cahlan________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th
day of June.

________Wm. L. Scott________________

County Clerk and Ex-Officio Clerk
of the Tenth Judicial District
Court, Clark County, Nevada.

	ORDINANCE NO. 125

An Ordinance to amend Section 33 of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance regulating Travel and Traffic upon the Public Streets of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada," and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
therewith.	

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. That Section 33 of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
be, and the same is hereby amended to read as follows:

"Section 33. Sudiv. (a). It shall be unlawful for the driver of any
vehicle in or upon any street in the City of Las Vegas, or for any person
standing or walking in any such street, to fail, refuse or neglect to allow
the right of way to any officer, fireman or apparatus of the Fire Department
when the same is going to, on duty at, or returning from a fire or to any 
ambulance, whether of public or private character, when such vehicle is employed
in going for or carrying a sick or injured person to a hospital or other place
of relief or treatment, or to any officer or policeman or vehicle of the police
or fire department, when responding to calls or alarms, or to vehicles under the
control of the City of Las Vegas used in cleaning, sweeping or flushing the
public streets or sewers, or for the collection of garbage. Upon the approach
of any police or fire department vehicle, or any such ambulance, it shall be
the duty of the operator of every other vehicle, upon the sounding of a signal
by said police or fire department vehicle or any such ambulance, to immediately
move such other vehicle to a position as near as possible and parallel to the
right hand curb and to remain in such position until the police or fire 
department apparatus or such ambulance has passed such vehicle; and provided that
no vehicle shall be driven to or permitted to stand within a distance of three
hundred feet in any direction of the place where any such fire is in progress
or of the place where any apparatus of the fire department is situated for the
purpose of extinguishing any fire or guarding any premises on which there may
have been a fire.
Subdiv. (b). It shall be unlawful for the operator of any vehicle

other than one on official business, to follow any fire apparatus traveling in

response to a fire alarm closer than three hundred feet.

Subdiv. (c). No vehicle shall be driven over any unprotected hose

of the Fire Department when laid down on any street or private driveway, to be



used at any fire or alarm of fire, without the consent of the Fire Chief or the
assistant in command.

SECTION 2. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict with this Ordinance
are hereby repealed.

SECTION 3. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage and publication for one week (one issue) in Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
published in said City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 4. The necessity appearing to the Board that an emergency existed therefore,
 it was, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, ordered
that this Ordinance be passed as an emergency Ordinance, the vote being cast as follows:
Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes, none.
First reading June 3, 1927.

Approved this 3rd day of June, A. D. 1927.

J. F. Hesse__________

ATTEST:	Mayor.

Wm. L. Scott_____________

City Clerk

(SEAL)

Date of publication June 4, 1927.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

:	SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn,
deposes and says:	That he is publisher of the LAS

VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation,
printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
attached ORDINANCE NO. 125 of the City of Las Vegas
was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of ONE WEEK from JUNE 4, 1927 inclusive, 
being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit:	June 4, 1927.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and 
circulated on each of the dates above named. That the
charge for publishing the same was $16.00.

Signed.......Chas. P. Squires...........

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th
day of June, 1927.

C. D. Breeze	

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada.

	My Commission Expires

May 26, 1931

_______(SEAL)______________________ _
ORDINANCE NO. 126



An Ordinance granting a franchise to and authorizing LAS VEGAS LAND AND WATER
COMPANY, a corporation of the State of Nevada, its successors and assigns, to install,
lay down, maintain and operate water pipe lines, water mains and distributing and supply
pipes and laterals, and all necessary and proper appliances used in connection therewith	

or appurtenant thereto, in, through, over, across, under and along all or any of the
streets, alleys or public grounds in the Original Townsite of Las Vegas, in the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of supplying the inhabitants of said
original townsite of Las Vegas with water, and other uses and purposes, and establishing
Regulations and conditions in connection therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That a franchise be and the same is hereby granted to Las Vegas Land
and Water Company, a corporation of the State of Nevada, and to its successors and assigns,
to install, lay down, construct, maintain and operate water pipe lines, water mains, distributing
 and supply pipes and laterals, and all necessary and proper appliances used in
connection therewith, or appurtenant thereto, in, through, over, across, under and along
all or any of the streets, alleys or public grounds, in the Original Townsite of Las Vegas
in the City of Las Vegas, in Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of supplying the inhabitants
of the said Original Townsite of Las Vegas with water, and for the operation of a water
system therein.

Section 2. For the purposes aforesaid the said grantee, its successors and 
assigns shall have the right to make the necessary excavations in said streets, alleys and
public grounds, provided, however, the said grantee, its successors or assigns shall:

a.	In all cases, after making any excavation in the streets, avenues or alleys,
promptly restore the surface of such street, avenue or alley to its former condition.

b.	Fully observe all of the ordinances of said City of Las Vegas, now in 
existence or which may hereafter be adopted relative to the making of excavations in
such streets, avenues or alleys.

c.	At all times hold the City of Las Vegas harmless from any and all liability
for damages to persons or property caused by such excavations made in the streets,
avenues or alleys within the territory to which this franchise extends.

Section 3. As further conditions upon which this franchise is granted it is

provided:

1.	That the municipal authorities shall further have the power to make all reasonable
 rules and regulations necessary for the laying and maintaining of all water pipe
and apparatuses, and' shall have the power to change the rules and regulations from time
to time as in their judgment may seem just and proper.

2.	The municipal authorities shall also have the right to direct the change in
location at any time of such pipe lines, water mains, laterals and appliances, and to

establish and change the grades of said streets, avenues and alleys.

3.	Said grantee and its successors and assigns shall at all times keep said pipes,
mains, laterals and appliances in proper condition and repair, so that the same shall
not damage or obstruct the use of said streets, avenues or alleys for travel or for
public uses by reason of leakages or otherwise.

4.	Said grantee, and its successors and assigns will install and maintain at
least fifteen fire plugs at such points as the Board of City Commissioners may from
time to time designate, at actual cost of labor and material, the same to be paid for
by said City upon presentation of verified claim or claims therefor to said City in the
manner required by law. No charge shall be made or claimed against said City for the
use of water from said system through said fire plugs by said City in the extinguishment
of fires or the sprinkling of streets, avenues or alleys, nor for the flushing of
sewer mains.

Section 4. A violation of any of the provisions of this Franchise shall be
grounds for and entitled said City to revoke and annul this franchise in whole or in part,
or said City may pursue such other remedy or course as the law permits. Said City hereby
reserves all rights incident to the grantor of a municipal franchise, and this Franchise
is granted subject to the supervisory regulation and control by the Public Service 
Commission of the State of Nevada of the business of so furnishing water to the inhabitants
of said Original Townsite of Las Vegas by said grantee, its successors and assigns.

Section 5. This Franchise shall not be construed to authorize the grantee, its
successors and assigns, to use or to acquire any rights in, any of the streets, alleys or
public grounds of the City of Las Vegas inconsistent with the future legitimate uses of such
streets, alleys or public grounds by said City of Las Vegas, nor shall the grant hereby
made operate in itself nor by lapse of time or by the expenditure of moneys by grantee, its
successors and assigns, as an estoppel against said City of Las Vegas in any respect 
whatsoever. Nor shall this Franchise be construed as a grant of any right or privilege adverse
to the rights of any abutting owner or owners of property along any of the streets, 
alleys or public grounds where said pipes, mains, appliances or appurtenances may be placed
or maintained by said grantee, its successors and assigns, nor to establish any rights in
the grantee, its successors or assigns, contrary to or inconsistent with the right of the
original dedicators of said streets, alleys or public grounds, or their assigns.

Section 6. That in case the said grantee, its successors or assigns, discontinue,
refuse or neglect to supply water to the said inhabitants of the said original townsite of
Las Vegas, insofar as permitted by said Public Service Commission to do so, at any time
for and during the term of six months at any one time after the period hereinafter prescribed
 for the completion of the water system and the commencement of furnishing water to
the inhabitants of said original townsite of Las Vegas, then this ordinance and franchise
shall be null and void, and the City Commissioners may order the removal of the mains, pipes,
appliances and appurtenances, so installed, laid down or placed by said grantee or its 
assigns in, through, over, across, under or along the public streets, alleys or public
grounds of said Original Townsite of Las Vegas, and may declare the same a public nuisance;
provided, however, that before this ordinance and franchise shall become null and void, or
any action taken as in this paragraph provided, the Board of Commissioners shall first
give to said grantee, its successors, or assigns, thirty days notice in writing to comply
with the provisions of this paragraph.

Section 7. Within six months after the passage of this Ordinance the said grantee,
its successors or assigns, shall file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas a plat of the mains proposed to be laid, showing proposed location and position thereof.

Section 8. The work of installing and laying down of said mains, laterals and
pipes shall be commenced within six months after the passage of this Ordinance, and said
work shall be completed and the plant in operation and furnishing water to the inhabitants
of the said Original Townsite of Las Vegas, within one year after the passage of this
Ordinance.

Section 9. The privileges hereby granted to said grantee, shall insure to the
benefit of said grantee, its successors and assigns, for the period of fifty years from
and after the passage of this Ordinance; provided, said grantee shall not be entitled to

assign this franchise or any rights hereunder without the consent of the Board of City
Commissioners of said City first had and obtained in writing.


Section 10. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage and publication and acceptance, and the grantee herein shall pay the expenses of
publishing the same. This Ordinance shall be published for one week (one issue) in Las
Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas. Acceptance hereof by
said grantee shall be filed in writing with the City Clerk of said City within sixty days

from the date of passage of this Ordinance.

WHEREAS, the Original Townsite of Las Vegas has no water available to supply the

inhabitants therein nor water available for fire protection, and

WHEREAS, Las Vegas Land and Water Company is willing to extend its water mains
and provide and adequate water supply to the inhabitants of said Original Townsite of Las
Vegas, and to provide water for fire protection immediately upon the passage of an 
ordinance authorizing the use of the streets, alleys and publics grounds in said original 
townsite of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, such water supply to the said inhabitants and for fire protection is
 immediately reeded, and an emergency exists therefor.

It is hereby declared that an emergency exists for the immediate passage of this

ordinance.

Passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance upon the consent of the Whole Board
of Commissioners first had and obtained, on this 2nd day of September, 1927, at a regular
adjourned meeting of said Board of Commissioners, the vote on said ordinance being as
follows:

Commissioners Mundy, Neagle, German, Smith and his honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse,
voting Aye. Noes, None.

Approved September 2nd, 1927.

J. F. Hesse________________

Mayor

_______Wm. L. Scott______________

City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION_

STATE OF NEVADA )

 

COUNTY OF CLARK )

	CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly

sworn, deposes and says:	That he is publisher

of the LAS VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper, of
general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 
126 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, was
continuously published in said newspaper for
a period of One Week from September 3, 1927
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit:	September

e, 1927. That said newspaper was regularly
issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named. That the charge for publishing
the same as $47.00

Signed Chas. P. Squires
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th

day of September, 1927.
C. D. Breeze	

Notary Public in and for Clark

County, Nevada
My Commission Expires

May 26, 1931	(SEAL)



ORDINANCE NO. 127

An Ordinance to Amend, Revise and re-enact Section 22 of Ordinance No. 66 of the City
   of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance regulating travel and traffic upon the public streets

 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada," and further amending said Ordinance by adding thereto
sections to be known as Sections 21a and 21b respectively, and to repeal all ordinances and
parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section 22 of said Ordinance No. 66 is hereby amended, revised and 



reenacted so as to read as follows:

"Section 22. It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle to stop the same, or 
cause the same to be stopped, in or upon any street with the wheel of wheels of such vehicle
nearest the curb more than two feet distant from such curb, and unless such vehicle shall
stand parallel to such curb or shall stand headed toward such curb at an angle of not more
than forty-five degrees in relation to such curb; provided, however, that on any street
which is now designated, or by this ordinance is designated, or which may hereafter be 
designated by ordinance as a boulevard, any such vehicle when stopped, as herein provided, shall
stand parallel to such curb and with the two right hand wheels of the vehicle within two
feet of such curb; provided further, that the provisions of this section shall not apply
in the case of emergency, or when such stop is made for the purpose of allowing another
vehicle or pedestrian to pass in front of such vehicle so stopped, or in compliance with the
order or signal from a police officer or in compliance with any ordinance or regulation

governing boulevard stops."

Section 2. Said ordinance is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted by adding thereto

a new section to be known as Section 21a, to read as follows:

Section 21a Boulevard Stops. The following streets and roads and parts of streets
and roads are hereby declared to constitute boulevards for the purpose of this Ordinance.

Main Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, from its intersection with Fremont Street
in said Townsite to the northerly limit of said Main Street; thence along the highway, 
connecting with the northerly limit of said Main Street, to the northerly limit of said City of

Las Vegas.	

Fremont Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite from the westerly limit of the intersection
of said Main and Fremont Streets to the easterly limit of the intersection of Fremont and

Fifth Streets in said Townsite.

Fifth Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite from its intersection with said Fremont to
the southerly limit of Fifth Street; thence along the highway connecting with the said southerly
limit of Fifth Street to the southerly limit of said City of Las Vegas.

Every operator of a vehicle traversing any road or street intersecting any boulevard
shall stop such vehicle at the place where such road or street meets the nearest property
line of the boulevard before entering such boulevard, provided the property line is clearly
marked or signposted as required by this Ordinance.

The Commissioner of Streets and Public Property is hereby authorized and required to
place and maintain or cause to be placed or maintained upon each and every road or street
intersecting a boulevard and at the property line of the boulevard appropriate signs upon
the road or street, as the case may be, such signs to bear the word "STOP" or the words

"BOULEVARD STOP" or the words "BOULEVARD STOP CROSSING" in such position and with letters

	of a size to be clearly legible from a distance of fifty  feet along the road or street, as

			

the case may be, intersecting the boulevard.
It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle to park the same on the right hand side of any road or street, intersecting any boulevard, within 

twenty-five feet of any such
sign placed or maintained under the provisions of this section."	

Section 3. Said Ordinance is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted by adding thereto
a new section to be known as Section 21b to read as follows:

Section 21b. Parking time limited in specified places. The operator of a vehicle
shall not park said vehicle for longer than one hour on Fremont Street in Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite between Main and Third Streets in said Townsite between the hours of nine A. M.
and six P. M. of any day except Sunday.

Section 4. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances, in conflict with this Ordinance,
are hereby repealed.

Section 5. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage
and adoption and publication for one week (two issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a semiweekly
 newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 2nd day of February, 1928, upon the following vote: Commissioners

 Smith, Mundy, German, Neagle, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

First reading January 10, 1928. Second reading February 2, 1928.

Approved this 2nd day of February, 1928.

_____J. F. Hesse_________________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

 Wm. L. Scott

City Clerk.

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

)

STATE OF NEVADA

) SS

COUNTY OF CLARK

)

C. Russell Squires being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is

manager of the Las Vegas Age, a semi-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
attached, ORDINANCE No. 127, was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of one week (two issues) from February 10th, 1928, to February, 14th, 1928,
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: February
 10th and 14th.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named, that the charge for publishing the same was $45.80.



Signed Russell Squires,

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st day of March, 1928.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for
Clark County, Nevada. (SEAL)

My Commission Expires,		

May 26, 1931.	  



	



	ORDINANCE NO. 128





An Ordinance providing for the licensing of electrical workers in the City of Las
Vegas, and fixing a penalty for the violation thereof.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as Follows:

Sec. 1. No person or persons, firm or corporation, shall engage in the business of

installing electrical wiring or electrical apparatus within any building in the City of

Las Vegas, for use in connection with electric light, heat, or power, without having first



paid the annual city license herin provided.	   		

Such license hall be as follows:



Subdiv. 1 For every such business where the same is carried on at a fixed place of 


s

JU

H	S '

JL \

^	^	Z*'

p.is sucli bucirccs -np*r s.miiU'^	*

— . . ^y** T'^tl'	" Ti ct-L -i- .'- - -bjb	3	t*XAAJLj. --A* 2 1!

* ^	^* ' U " Oj*	f ^

busm-s^	,	business other than that described in Subdivision

Subdiv. 2. ?or ewry ^ma 01 ^

1 of this Section, per annum, $50.00.	..

.	,	, .	shall he issued by the City Clerk upon application being made therefor,

^ucii license *3	,

i -<-! i ^-ry--oTfn<p i'*' advance*

ap.d shall be payable ±ir

<- -	- onse shall entitle the holder thereof to engage in the business of in

\	and apparatus inside buildings, for use in connection with electrical

ctrical wiring ana cipy

o*f the City of Las Vegas

ii,dit, heat, oi* power withm the limits oi t e y

. w^'ovisio-s of tills Section shall not apply to the lessee or ovaier
Provided, that the provisions

. where such owner or lessee shall personally perform the installation of
oP any premises wneio

^	^	annaratus upon the premises oivned or leased by uim^ ^

such electrical	uj.

t&e case may be.

-	. Anv person, or officer, superintendent, manager, or agent of any corporation,

'	oo- rany, or association violating any of the provisions of this ordinance

gll be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by

a fine (if not less than ten ($10.00) dollars, nor more than five hundred dollars ($500.00),

!	^ imprisonment in the City Jail of sail City for any period not less than five (5) dayn,

. . c-iv ^nntbq or bv both such f:\ne and imprisonment,
more than six monun&, uj	^

^ ^ rni,^ ordirance shall talic effect and be in force from after its passage and
<-^option and publication for one week, two issues in Las Vegas Age, a semi-weekly newsp^p^
{published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 2nd day of February, 1923, upon* the following vote: Commissioners

Smith, Mundy, German, Neagle, and his Honor the mayor, voting aye. Noes, none.

First reading January 10, 1928.
Second reading February 2, 1928.

Approved this 2nd day of February, 1928.

J. F. Hesse_____________.______

Mayor.

ATTEST:

WM. L. Scott________________

City Clerk.

(SEAL.)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK. )

C. Russell Squires being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is
Manager of the Las Vegas Age, a semi-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed
 and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
attached ORDINANCE No. 128, was continuously published in said newspaper for a period
of one week (Two Issues) from February 10th, 1928, to February 14th, 1928 inclusive
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: February 10th and
14th, 1928. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named. That the charge for publishing the same was $24.80.

Signed C. Russell Squires,

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st day of March, 1928.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for
Clark County, Nevada.	(SEAL)

My Commission Expires,

May 26, 1931.


*** T	-L ^ IT	j^r^— < -o^ IT ^Lt. gk	i \	v T. g^*	j ET i i, m	\ J ***	r aET	t* ^	-* C L ET u j IT	cT EL o CL -i- *j ^ O -L 1.	-L j.	^L IT. (3	L (3 #	s—) ^3 ^ H

r*n /T ^ A Yl *r^rl *1 *rt <3 *n r* T3*r^P*s i ^14^ /l i m r *	J**/**'	nn 4" Ti	-i <-* i ^ w*	/*% T^ *r\ Til 1	4	Yi rr d*^ir3	^ T*7^ r^r*tY1Yl4Ssi"*4*4 /^\ Y1	*T3 *v*i i *? 4* c B

^ -i- ^ ^	j. CL -L	iiv Jy J. TjA^ r^T CL J- IT^^ A L3 J U IT C3 1 S S l-L^TT L/C3 JL / ^3 J- LTIiLL3 J. IT ^ ^4.aT(3,	^C3wwC3JL C/C3 TTTTL3 L JL 13 IT	j. ^ A J. L? & A

4l f 1 ^	*1 Y1	4 I /*^ Y1	4^ Y*\^f 1	^4 .^**- rf <3 *^ f4 (T T'-fr^ *y^	/**^ /^*\ *^ rjTV* ^ 4	C ^ YYV^ *4* r'lY"* 4* Tl Y**4^	1 1! 23 4" 4 /^1Y OTl/T ^ ,^*\ 10 <S! 4* T*11/^4—l m

* ***-^* ^	-* L i	c^ v j. ^-L	c^ J. y3-L LTI*IL3 J^T i ^*- oT^—Ct Lo L3 ^v A	(3 (3 i i.TT\^ -T13IT i-Td T^ ^31^ C j.^C3	^	^ ,CL—L- ^4. T. \4IT <t,iTCT C/ c^ ITC1. LiL^ C JL ^*3Jt

n P 111 HYnbl Tt wrn^l^ in tli^	rtf T Q <3	tt	-f 11+-Ii Y* rnn^-tirM-nn* <3^1 rl fli^rl 1 mmn Tnr nr!^4-nr-

^	**^*	^ 4.jtw C/J- jL^. -L J.l u I1C2 ^ T- vl/	C3 -L	jLj(T^	v C/ ^	^^ ^	L„L *JL dJL L/Ii d JL	<-T^.iid TTCL JL ^.T^-^- CT	CJ T- Ct jLlidTTdC?	(TCLCT	^-T^j)

^ ^ ^ ^	v '—/	u < # c^ v v T. C3 ±T ^	U CJ C3	— A.^^C3 ^ ^ IT	d LD	^ n^L	^^ITCL ^ L3 JL	d d ^ -L v C/ -L. Jy ^	s^L IT (I U C3 T. d T)	^L—L -C	CJ J- CT J- IT^^LIT d C4 ^	^^^T ITL.

11-rts Q*P Oi^fTiYinrp^n in nnnfl inf fri^n^rrifh

rnyiiy*	IDn A *T)T"\ f!T? nm i"Q T n 171Q ^	rniTTP r^i*n*ii/* m*n *r A Q *^7*Hn A C' Tin n^TlA

J.4.UL4	IDU^^ikJU U.J UUi.^i.A±kjt^< J. Ui'ilit4<.)D U-!J	u.iillt L/J.-LjL	Jbii-tD	UilUiL-Li^*

c^ C/	-C L3 IT -1- #	^3 d C -L C3 IT C<^ J. LD ^jT -L CT	c/ JL CT -L Ij.^^.TT d d J- ^ C3 T L3 dli iC3 IT CL ^ CL p JL C3 -T ^ C3 CL ^	d J.TCL J. C^	C3 JT^A. d u d CL

so o.s to ros.u. &s follovjst

S n f ^	A ^ 1 ^ vfl nl^*	fTmin	^li^ll li^	^i^liinnf	fn in^iimnfirm	*i7if^	nnfinn m 11 f li n * * 4 *rr	n	f n

^ \3 v #	#	^3. -. -L * /	.1. j\.	C-J i 1C!?	*^J3 i j oH. J—L ^	^ L< L3 ! C4 C/ C	U ^ -Li ^ ^3 jl	U i- C3 i i ^	i CT	iiC3U-LC/C^ Til CL ^ C Ly C/ ^ JL V (L^ i i	U C3

the PluiLibing Inspector by the' contractor or owner doing said work or having the same done
as soon as said work is ready for inspection, the plumber having a competent man on the work

%-) i" 1^ W "il 1 711^ <^)*f^ *1Y*i^!'Y*^<^<^*f**ir^'H	A f**W*3	<^i *f* O	— lie)*l*f l)^*'t*!To*r^C' fWT	^ \ Ci *'' <n rl "f* T*

\-T u* u k/ u -L	ci .i. -L^.i ^ d v J. C3 TT # ^cT. C/iad JL	CJ T. c/ Tj.d cilTCT ^3aTC4 Ta d J- T. T3C3 -L -Lei -L L3 \ #t3c3J nfJ-JL-T. UC3 a^i.^ C* 1 C3 J-

T, -,	*i c* C? 11 Yi r^ n	n f	rt O 4l Y*\ 1 11	f 4 Y1 ^ C3 *v$Yri 4 f	A lo ^ *f*^ ^4m rt f rtYl	rl 1 1 *m *Y^	4 11	1 w 4^3 711 *W rl rh *n 1 ^ ra *17* T^*7^*	rn **^n 4* *Y^€3

^ ai ^	-L *--^ ^ CLci^. A C? C2	CJ J-	dei d TT ^3 -L LAiiTU -L TT^-,	^3 ti J. a n-L U #	jcT C/ ilci T.	^	-L C3TTC2	CLC3 J- -L LiT.	k/ J- J- -L	C Cj miei. CL c^ JLcjT. C3VCj-L^	Cj	U J. ej.

ir 4 ^ 4 f Iii7* f f n T ii nnn n f nn	A nf T*n f f vmn f ^y — f 4 im nni"' 4* f ^ ^ i r * l 1 i*^,	r"(3 rl ^ f	^ n^o *i rl fi 4 f 4 mi ^ i T

v -L. *-) J- U	^ A	vii	d	U Cj -L #	C/T re<4. -L	CJ T.	U ^ C4 TT L^^y T.-LVC4 C/dirUiL)	^-3y^ /	vJ j- -L. JL	^ C3	CLC3 J.C3jL CJcTC/aa ei CT CL J. U J. C31i^& J.

-P4 v4*11\	.	s''

^ i. -a .^\. u ULi- CJ #	\

Un ''J iyh TVi T 1 br^ np(ir^*n*hf^!l bi7* blip* T*n^!T^r**f*hr^i^ n*^)b^ 1	*hW,^ obr'tifp* T'ip*Y*)*f*i	Yv^tir! i*rt*hr^

i ^	<4	^ a a. w V -L J— J- LJ kj. kJ jm U C^ CL ^ o j i CJ J- —amo , -	L7 WJ -L da J. v a. -L	U aaC^- CT LJ CJ \/ CJ a md a L v -L ^ a.a ^ CL C^ aa <LL i. g-,^ ^ d -L C**	j../ d. J. CL -Lla U CJ

^ j ^	-L -L -L C/ d CJ i. U ii C? i- -L diii CJ JLia. gj J- ii CJ C/ Ly CJ i. #	<fl.-L - a wCJ JL la	ill daj U CJC? JLdJL U diiC/CJVc^a-CJ Ct, C/ CJiT VdaLJLC^iLU J.CJJ. C^-A-

examination until inspected and approved by the Plumbing Inspector. Such inspection shall be
 made within forty-eight hours of such notification being received by the Plumbing Inspector
and no plans shall be changed without the permission of said Plumbing Inspector. The 
inspecting officer may apply the water peppermint or smoke test; and all necessary tools, labor
and assistance for such test shall be furnished by such person or persons assuming control
of the work, and such person or persons shall remove or repair any defective material or
work when so ordered by the inspecting officer. Any soil pipe, drain pipe, trap, water

closet, urinal, sink or other fixtures set up or fitting or fittings laid, used or constructed

otherwise than in accordance with these regulations, or which shall, in the opinion of the
plumbing inspector, be or become of bad or defective quality shall, upon notice, either
verbal or in writing, from said Plumbing Inspector, be removed or repaired in the manner	

determined, and within the time fixed by the inspecting officer, and it shall be unlawful
for any person or persons to occupy or make use of any house or buildings where the plumbing
work has been constructed in accordance with the regulations of this ordinance, unless the
owner, agent of lessee of said building shall have secured a final certificate of acceptance
from the Plumbing Inspector duly signed by such officer.

Section 2. Section 19 of said Ordinance is hereby amended, revised, and re-enacted
so as to read as follows:

Sec. 19. The office of Plumbing Inspector shall be, and the same is, hereby created,

The Plumbing Inspector shall be appointed by an order of the Board of City Commissioners,
duly entered on the minutes of said Board, and shall hold office during the pleasure of the
Board. He must qualify within ten days from the time of his appointment by taking the 
constitutional oath of office and filing a bond, approved by such officer as may designated by
the Board in appointing such Plumbing Inspector, in the sum of One Thousand Dollars, with two
or more sufficient sureties who are residents of the State of Nevada where a personal bond
is tendered, or executed by a surety company entitled to transact business for the current
year in the State of Nevada where a surety bond is tendered; such bond to be filed in the
office of the City Clerk. All fees collected by the Plumbing Inspector shall be the properly
of the City of Las Vegas and shall be turned over to the city by said Plumbing Inspector
monthly, rendering therewith a detailed statement and report thereof. The Plumbing Inspector
shall be entitled to receive and shall be paid monthly such compensation as shall be fixed
by the Board from time to time.

Section 3. Said Ordinance is hereby amended, revised, and re-enacted by addin thereto,



a new section to be known as 2a, to read as follows:


Sec. 2a. Sewers shall be laid to a uniform grade of not less than one eighth of an 

inch to the foot. Joints shall be made of cement and clean sharp sand in the proportions
of two parts of cement to three parts of sand and all joints shall be raked smooth.

The fee for a sewer permit shall be Five Dollars ($5.00), which shall include the tapping
 of the main sewer and the making of the connection of the lateral to the main sewer

by the Plumbing Inspector and his inspection. Said fee shall be paid into the office of the
Plumbing Inspector, and such Plumbing Inspector shall, by virtue of his office, have charge
of the Inspection of the tapping of all sewers and of the making of all connections with
sewers in said City.

It shall be unlawful for any person or persons to tap any sewer or make any connections
therewith in the City of Las Vegas without the inspection and approval of said Plumbing
Inspector and without having first paid the above mentioned charge of Five Dollars ($5.00)
into the office of the Plumbing Inspector.

Section 4. Said Ordinance is hereby amended, revised, and re-enacted by adding thereto,
a new section to be known as 2b, to read as follows:

	Sec. 2b. It shall be unlawful to install any gas piping in the City of Las Vegas without

first securing a permit to do the same, except where gas is supplied to a consumer from
individual tanks. The fee for such permit shall be Five Dollars ($5.00), which will include
 the inspection of said installation. All gas piping shall be uniformly graded to the meter
 and shall be securely strapped. No piping shall be less than one-half inch. Stove outlets
shall be not less than three-quarters of an inch. No gas water heater shall be located in
any bath room, nor shall one be placed nearer than six inches to any wood or lath and plaster
partition or wall, nor nearer than three inches to any asbestos or metal covered lath and
plaster or wood partition or wall. All gas water heaters shall be vented to and above the
roof. Where such vent is of sheet iron it shall not be less than six inches from any wood
work. Gas piping shall be of the following sizes and runs:

For each gas grate, gas log, or gas heating stove, combination boiler and water heater,
or non automatic water heater, allow three burners, and for each gas cook stove or hot
plate, allow ten burners. For each automatic or automatic thermal gas water heater allow
eight burners for each one half inch opening of heater; twenty-five burners for each three-
quarters inch opening; forty-five burners of each one inch opening; eighty burners for
each one and one quarter inch opening; two hundred fifty burners for each one and one-half
inch opening.

Size of pipe.	Length allowed	Number of burners,

1/2 in.	40 ft.	8

3/4 in.	80 ft.	25

1 in.	100 ft.	45

	11/4in.	150 ft.	80

1 1/2	in.	250 ft.	250

2 in.	400	ft.	500

No union joints permitted in any gas mains. All gas piping shall be tested under a
pressure of Five pounds or by a mercury column equal to said pressure.

There shall be an inspection before any of the piping is covered and a final 
inspection and test after a first coat of plaster has been applied.

Said above-mentioned fee shall be paid into the office of the Plumbing Inspector, and
such Plumbing Inspector shall, by virtue of his office, have charge of the Inspection of the
installation of gas piping under the regulations set forth in this ordinance.

when upon examination by the Plumbing Inspector it appears that may gas fitting work
is defective, either in construction or material, the same shall he altered or repaired to
conform to the regulations in this ordinance.	 

When any gas piping or gas fitting for the installation or alteration of which a permit
has been issued shall be found on inspection to conform to the regulations of this ordinance, the 



Plumbing Inspector shall issue a certificate of inspection certifying that such piping
or fittings have been inspected and  found to comply with terms of this ordinance, but no 

such certificate shall be granted until such piping or fittings, respectively, are found
to conform to said regulations. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation
to use any gas through or by means of any piping or fittings in any building, or to furnish
or supply gas to be used through or by means of such pipes or fittings until the same shall
have been inspected and approved by the Plumbing inspector and the certificate hereinbefore
provided shall have been issued therefor.

Section 5. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances, in conflict with this Ordinance,
are hereby repealed.

Section 6. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage

and adoption and publication for one week (two issues) in the Las Vegas Review, a semi-

weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 2nd day of February, 1928, upon the following vote: 



Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German, Neagle and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

First reading January 31, 1928.

Second reading February 2, 1928.

Approved this 2nd day of February, 1928.

______ J. F. Hesse

Mayor

ATTEST:

_____Wm. L. Scott_________________

City Clerk.

( SEAL )

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA, ) SS.

County of Clark, )

A. E. Cahlan, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Editor

of the LAS VEGAS REVIEW, a semi-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
ORDINANCE No. 129, was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one
week, from February 7, 1928, to February 14, 1928, inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: February, 7-10. That said newspaper was 
regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed A. E. Cahlan,

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14th day of February, 1928.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for
Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires,	(SEAL)

May 26, 1931.
ORDINANCE No. 130

An Ordinance to amend Section 1 of Ordinance Ho. 27 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building
construction and the keeping and storage of combustibles and explosives.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 1 of said Ordinance No. 27 is hereby amended so that the
same shall read as follows:

"Sec. 1. That all that portion of the City of Las Vegas, embraced within the
limits of Blocks Nos. 1-2-3-14-15-16-18-19-30-31-34 and 35, all in Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite, Clark County, Nevada according to the official and recorded plat of the survey
thereof, shall be hereafter known as the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas."

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage and adoption and publication for one week (three issues) in Las Vegas Age, a
tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 3rd day of May, 1928 upon the following vote: Commissioners,
 Smith, Mundy, German, and Neagle, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
First reading April 16, 1928. Second reading May 3, 1928.

Approved this 3rd day of May, 1928.

J. F. Hesse	

Mayor

Attest:

Wm. L. Scott,______

City Clerk.

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION	

STATE 0F NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK.)

Charles P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is 

Publisher of the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached,
Ordinance No. 150, was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week
from May 5, 1928, to May 10, 1928, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: May 5,-8-10-, 1928. That said newspaper was regularly issued and

circulated on each of the dates above named. That the charge for publishing the same was
$14.00.	

Signed____Chas. P. Squires _______

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th
day of June, 1928.

Wm. L. Scott, ____________________________

County Clerk and Ex-Officio Clerk of the
Tenth Judicial District Court, Clark County,

Nevada.

(SEAL)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA, )	

)SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK.)

A. E. Cahlan, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Editor-Manager

of the LAS VEGAS REVIEW, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance Number 131, was continually published in said newspaper for a period of one week
from July 6, 1928, to July 11, 1928, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the

following dates, to-wit: July 6-9-11. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated



on each of the dates above named.

Signed:	A. E. Cahlan__________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th

day of July, 1928.

WM. L. SCOTT,________________

County Clerk and Ex-Officio Clerk
of the Tenth Judicial District Court,

Clark County Nevada.
ORDINANCE NO. 132

	An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to borrow Twelve Thousand Dollars ($12,000.00),
to provide funds for the purpose of defraying that portion of the expenses
determined by said Board of Commissioners to be stood and borne by the City
of Las Vegas for the grading for and construction of oil bound gravel
pavements and hydraulic cement concrete curbs upon interior squares or spaces
formed by the intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys and where
lands belonging to said City, or public ground not taxable, abut on such
improvements, in connection with those certain improvements authorized and
determined to be made under the provisions of Ordinance No. 131 of the City
of Lac Vegas; to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor,
said bonds to be known as "Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Street
Improvement Bonds, Series A," and providing for the payment of the principal and
interest of said bonds, and other matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Sec. 1. That for the purpose of defraying that portion of the expenses
determined by said Board of Commissioners to be stood and borne by the City
of Las Vegas for the grading for and construction of oil bound gravel pavements
and hydraulic concrete curbs upon the interior squares or spaces formed by
the intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys and where lands belonging
to said City, or public ground not taxable, abut on such improvements, in
connection with those certain improvements authorized and determined to be made
under the provisions of Ordinance No. 151 of the City of Las Vegas, approved
July 5, 1928 and entitled "An Ordinance Declaring the determination of the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements
in the City of Las Vegas by grading for and constructing oil bound gravel
pavements and hydraulic cement concrete curbs on certain streets and portions
of streets in said City; describing definitely the location of said improvements;
providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special
assessment upon all the lots included in the special assessment district, hereby
established, according to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City
of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required to be paid from the general
fund of said City of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of special assessment
bonds and also general bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof and
other matters relating thereto," and in accordance with the provisions of said
Ordinance No. 131, and in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas and amendments thereto, and in accordance with the provisions
of Chapter 110 of the Session Laws of the State of Nevada for the year 1927,
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and
empowered to issue in the name of said City twelve bonds of the denomination of
One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00) each, numbered from 1 to 12 consecutively, dated
July 1, 1928 and to mature and become payable as follows:

Bond No. 1 shall become due and payable one year from the date thereof.

Bond No. 2	shall	become	due	and	payable	two years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	5	shall	become	due	and	payable	three years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	4	shall	become	due	and	payable	four years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	5	shall	become	due	and	payable	five years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	6	shall	become	due	and	payable	six years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	7	shall	become	due	and	payable	seven years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	8	shall	become	due	and	payable	eight years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	9	shall	become	due	and	payable	nine years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	10	shall	become	due	and	payable	ten years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	11	shall	become	due	and	payable	eleven years from the date thereof.

Bond No.	12	shall	become	due	and	payable	twelve years from the date thereof.

The payment	and redemption of said bonds	will be in the order of their

issuance, the lowest bond to be first paid and redeemed, and so on until the
whole amount of said bonds shall have been paid and redeemed.

Each of said bonds shall have coupons attached representing each interest
installment to date of maturity of the principal. Both principal and interest of
said bonds shall be payable in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at
present standard, at the office of the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, in
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada. Interest on said bonds
shall cease as the same mature. Said bonds shall bear annual interest at a rate
not to exceed six per cent, per annum from the date thereof, payable semi-annually
on the first day of July and January of each year. Said bonds shall be sold to
the person or persons offering the best and most advantageous terms therefor, but
shall not be sold for less than par value and accrued interest.

Section 2. The Board of City Commissioners shall cause said bonds to be
prepared and they shall be signed by the Mayor or Mayor Pro. Tem. and the City
Clerk, and Countersigned by the City Treasurer and authenticated by the seal of
the City of Las Vegas. Coupons representing the several installments of
interest to fall due thereon shall be attached to each bond so that they may
be removed without injury to the same, numbered consecutively, and bear the
signature or facsimile signature of the Mayor and countersignature of the City
Treasurer. The proceeds thereof shall be placed in a special fund and shall
be used exclusively for the purposes above specified in such manner and to such
extent as the Board of Commissioners of said City may be ordinance, order or
resolution from time to time direct.
Section 3. Said bonds and coupons, with the necessary variations as to
numbers and maturities, shall be in substantially the following form, respectively,
 to-wit:

(Form of Bond)

No. ______ UNITED STATES OF AMERICA	$1000.00

State of Nevada
County of Clark

Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Improvement Bonds

Series A

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:	That the City of Las Vegas, a municipal

corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada,
acknowledges itself to be indebted and for value received hereby promises to pay

the bearer cm the ______ day of _____________, 19_______, the principal sum of

______________________________Dollars, together with interest thereon from

date hereof until paid, at the rate of _____________per cent. (_________%) per

annum, payable semi-annually on the first day of July and January of each
year, which interest to the date of the maturity of the principal is evidenced
by and payable upon presentation and surrender of the annexed interest coupons
as they severally become due. Interest on this bond shall cease on the date
when the bond becomes due and payable. Both principal and interest on this
bond are payable in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at present
standard, at the office of the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and for the prompt payment of the principal and
interest of these bonds as they respectively become due, the full faith, credit
and resources of said City are hereby irrevocably pledged.

This bond is one of a series of like date, tenor and amount but different
maturities issued for the purpose of defraying that portion of the expenses
determined by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to be stood
and borne by said City for the grading for and construction of oil bound
gravel pavements and hydraulic concrete curbs upon the interior squares or
spaces formed by the intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys and where
lands belonging to said City, or public ground not taxable, abut on such improvements,
 in connection with those certain improvements on certain streets and
portions of streets in said City authorized and determined to be made under
the provisions of Ordinance No. 131 of the City of Las Vegas, approved July 5,

1928, and is authorized by and issued in full conformity with the requirements of
the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, including Chapter 110 of the
Session Laws of the State of Nevada for the year 1927, all acts of the
Legislature amendatory thereof and supplemental thereto, and in full conformity
with the provisions of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas and amendments thereto,
and in full conformity with the provisions of said Ordinance No. 131 and
proceedings of the Board of City Commissioners of said City duly passed and
adopted.

It is further certified and recited that all acts, conditions and things
required by the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada to exist, happen
and to be performed precedent to and in the issuance of these bonds, have
existed, happened and have been performed in regular and due form, time and
manner as required by law, and that the amount of this bond, together with all
other indebtedness of said City, does not exceed any constitutional or
statutory limitation.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said Board of City Commissioners of said City have
caused this bond to be signed by the Mayor of said City, countersigned by
the City Treasurer, and authenticated by the signature of the City Clerk and the
seal of said City, and the interest coupons hereto annexed to be authenticated
with the lithographed facsimile signature of said Mayor and countersignature of

said City Treasurer, and this bond to be dated the ______ day of _________________,

19_______.

Attest:	Mayor

City Clerk
Countersigned:

City Treasurer.

(Form of Coupon)

No. _____

On the 1st day of July (1st day of January), 19____, the	City of Las Vegas,

in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay to bearer ___

Dollars in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at present standard, at
the office of the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, being the

semi-annual interest then due on its Las Vegas  Special 1928 Pavement and Curb

Improvement Bonds, Series A, dated the _______ day of __________, 19     .

Mayor.

Countersigned:

City Treasurer.
Section. 4. The officials now or hereafter charged by law with the duty
of levying taxes for the payment of said bonds and interest shall, in the
manner provided by law, make an annual levy sufficient to meet the annual
payments of principal and the semi-annual payments of interest on said bonds
maturing as herein provided.

Section 5. This ordinance shall take effect immediately after its
adoption, approval and publication in Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas for one week (three consecutive issues).

Section 6. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this
ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age a tri-weekly newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas, for one week (three consecutive issues).

passed and adopted this 6th day of September, A. D., 1928, by the
following vote: Commissioners Smith and German and His Honor the Mayor

Hesse, Aye. Noes, None. Absent Commissioners Mundy and Neagle.

First reading August 2, 1928.

Second and final reading September 6, 1928.

Approved this 6th day of September, 1928.

___________J. F. Hesse_______________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Wm. L. Scott______________________

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board
of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas.

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

County of Clark )

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Publisher

of the LAS VEGAS AGE, a semi-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at LAS VEGAS, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
attached Ordinance No. 132 of the City of Las Vegas was continuously published in
said newspaper for a period of one week from Sept. 8, 1928 to Sept. 15, 1928 inclusive,
 being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Sept.

8, 11 and 13, 1928. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named. That the charge for publishing the same was $108.60

Signed	CHAS. P. SQUIRES

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
4th day of October, 1928

WM. L. SCOTT, County Clerk________

In and for Clark County,

Nevada.

(S E A L )
ORDINANCE NO. 133

          An Ordinance Empowering, Authorizing and Directing the Ex-Officio City Assessor
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, To Levy A Special
Assessment To Defray the Costs of Making Certain Improvements In The City Of
Las Vegas By Grading For And Constructing Oil Bound Gravel Pavements And 
Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curbs on Certain Streets and Portions of Streets in Said
City, According To The Plats, Diagrams And Estimates Of Cost Thereof On File In
The Office Of The City Clerk Of The City of Las Vegas; Describing Definitely
The Location Of Said Improvements, Stating The Amounts of Said Assessment, And
Designating The Lots, Lands And Premises To Be Assessed According to Benefits;
Providing For the Issuance Of Special Assessment Bonds For The Payment Thereof,

And Other Matters Relating Thereto,

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the costs of making certain improvements
in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and constructing Oil Bound Gravel pavements and
hydraulic cement concrete curbs, according to the plats, diagrams and estimates of cost
heretofore prepared, and adopted by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, and on file in the office of the City Clerk of said City, according to the terms
of Ordinance No. 131, of the City of Las Vegas, approved July 5, 1928, the Ex-Officio
City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to
forthwith levy the special assessment in the amount hereinafter specified, against the
owners and upon the lots, lands and premises, hereinafter designated and described
according to benefits. Said special assessment shall be levied upon the taxable lots,
property and premises situate in the special assessment district, created by the terms
of said Ordinance No. 131, benefited by said improvements proportionately to the benefits
received; provided, however, that in no case shall the said Ex-Officio Assessor levy any
special assessment upon any such lots, lands or premises, exceeding fifty percent (50%),
of the value of such lots, lands or premises as last before valued and assessed for-state
and County taxation in the County Tax Roll; but such costs over and above and exceeding
that per cent shall be paid from the General funds of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. The Ex-Officio City Assessor shall assess the taxable lots, property and
premises situate in the special assessment district, created by the terms of said
Ordinance No. 131, benefitted by said improvements proportionately to the benefits 
received, that is to say, such Ex-Officio Assessor shall assess upon each lot, parcel of
land or premises such relative portion of the whole sum to be levied as shall be 
proportionate to the estimated benefit resulting to, such lot, parcel of land or premises
from the said improvement.

Section 3. In levying the assessments as in this Ordinance provided, the Ex-
Officio Assessor shall prepare a Special Assessment Roll therefor, and after he shall
have completed the Assessment as herein provided and completed the said Special
Assessment Roll, he shall report the same to the Board of City Commissioners as provided
for by law and upon receiving such report and Special Assessment Roll, the said Roll
shall be numbered and filed in the office of the City Clerk, and the Board of City
Commissioners shall cause notice thereof to be published for at least two weeks in some
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, of the filing of the same with the City
Clerk, and appointing a time when the Board of City Commissioners and the Ex-Officio
Assessor will meet to review the assessment, and any person objecting thereto may be
heard, or any person objecting to the assessments, may file his or her objection thereto
in writing, with the City Clerk.

Section 4. At the time appointed for the purpose of reviewing said assessments and
considering any objections thereto made at said time or filed in writing, the Board of
City Commissioners and said Ex-Officio Assessor shall meet and then, or at some adjourned
meeting, review said assessments, and will hear any objections to said assessments which
have been made or filed as aforesaid by any person deeming himself aggrieved thereby,
and will decide upon the same as to any assessment, or description of the premises,
appearing necessary therein, and will confirm it as reported or as corrected, or will
refer the assessment back to the Ex-Officio Assessor for revision or annul it and direct
a new assessment to be made; when said assessment shall be confirmed, the City Clerk shall
make an endorsement upon the Roll showing said confirmation and the same shall be final
and conclusive; the City Clerk shall then deliver the same to the county assessor,
acting ex-officio city assessor, with his certificate of confirmation, and the County
Assessor, acting ex-officio city assessor, shall thereupon record said assessment roll in
his office and append thereto his certificate of the date of recording. Said Roll when
so endorsed and recorded, shall be prima facie evidence in all Courts and Tribunals
of the regularity of the proceedings, preliminary to the making thereof, and of the
validity of said Assessment and Assessment Roll.

Section 5. Upon the confirmation and recording of the said Assessments and Assessment
Roll as by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas provided, the Assessments shall be at
once due and payable, and from the date of said confirmation and recording, shall constitute
 and be a lien upon the lot or parcel of land and premises assessed, together with
the legal interest thereon, and shall be charged against the persons and properties until
paid.

Section 6. The several Lots and premises, together with their location, the name
of the present owner, and the approximate amounts to be assessed thereon, are as follows:

A. The amount to be assessed against the owners and upon the lots and premises,
according to benefits, in said special assessment district for the grading for and construction
 of oil bound gravel pavements and hydraulic cement concrete curbs therein is
Seventy-four Thousand Six Hundred Ten and 50/100 Dollars ($74,610.50) and the several
lots and premises, with their location, the name of the present recorded owner, and the
approximate amounts to be assessed thereon, are as follows:

IN CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE.

Lot 9, Block 1, Thomas Baima, owner, assessment $32.86.

Lots 10, 11 and 12, Block 1, Mary and Andrew Moar, owners, assessment $123.98.

Lots 13, 14, 15 and 16, Block 1, Thomas Baima, owner, assessment $224.66.

Lots 17, 18 and 19, Block 1, John Irish, owner, assessment $379.21.
Lot 20, Block 1, Hazel Algeo, owner, assessment, $117.95.

Lot 21, Block 1, Bessie O'Connor, owner, assessment $113.68.

Lots 22, 25, 24 and 25, Block 1, Jules Hugnes, owner, assessment $1383.79.

Lot 26, Block 1, James Ferguson, owner, assessment, $68.12.

Lot 27, Block 1, Jules Hugnes, owner, assessment $68.13.

Lot 28, Block 1, James R. Johnson, owner, assessment $68.12.

Lots 29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 1, Lucy Dittman, owner, assessment $272.50.

Lots 1, 2 and 25, Block 2, Las Vegas Land & Water Co., owner, assessment $174.84.

Lots 4, 5 and 6, Block 2, Troy Steam Laundry & Cleaning Works, Inc., owner, assessment $136.72.

Lot 7, Block 2, E. E. Smith, owner, assessment $37.09.

Lot 8, Block 2, A. Corradetti, owner, assessment $32.86.

Lot 17, Block 2, Margaret Harper, owner, assessment $51.96.

Lot 18, Block 2, Boggs Bros., owners assessment $61.40.

Lot 19, Block 2, Adolph Levy, owner, assessment $70.83.

S. 52.4 ft. of lot 20, Block 2, Jas. C. Thomas and Marie Espeset, owners, assessment $32.96.

N. 77.6 ft. of lot 20, Block 2, J. H. Morgan, owner, assessment $47.94.

S. 52.4 ft. of lot 21, Block 2, Jas. C. Thomas and Marie Espeset, owners, assessment $36.17.

N. 77.6 ft. of lot 21, Block 2, J. H. Morgan, owner, assessment $53.57.

Lots 22 and 23, Block 2, Mary Hodgens, owner, assessment $190.35.

Lots 24 and 25, Block 2, Albina Torres, owner, assessment $201.49.

Lots 26 and 27, Block 2, Manuel Champo, owner, assessment $212.55.

Lot 28, Block 2, T. M. Carroll, owner, assessment $110.45.

Lots 29, 30 and 31, Block 2, Fred S. Karasumaru, owner, assessment $347.96.

Lot 9, Block 2, Hotel Nevada Mining Co., owner, assessment $32.86.

Lots 10, 11, 12 and 13, Block 3, Robert J. Donnelly, owner, assessment $173.80.

Lots 14, 15 and 16, Block 3, M. A. Kiwisar, owner, assessment $174.84.

Lots 17 and 18, Block 3, Anna Roberts, owner, assessment $234.75.

Lots 19 and 20, Block 3, Blanche Murray, owner, assessment $223.66.

Lot 21, Block 3, Mrs. Glen Reiser, owner, assessment $107.66.

Lot 22, Block 3, S. P. Lambird, owner, assessment $104.89.

Lots 23 and 24, Block 3, C. Aguirre, owner, assessment $201.44.

Lots 25 and 26, Block 3, H. M. Lillis, Est., owner, assessment $190.35.

Lot 27, Block 3, O. C. Stocker, owner, assessment $51.96.

Lot 28, Block 5, Laura Kramer, owner, assessment $61.40.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 3, John Horden, owner, assessment $151.13.

N. 105 ft. of lot 31, Block 3, Will Beckley, owner, assessment $72.48.

S. 25 ft. of lot 31, Block 3, Laura Kramer, owner, assessment $17.26.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 4, Elizabeth Gamble, owner, assessment $120.80.

Lots 3 and 4, Block 4, Dora Smith, owner, assessment $103.86.

Lots 5, 6, 7 and 8, Block 4, Ed. Von Tobel, owner, assessment $156.84.

Lot 9, Block 4, Thos. P. A. Valdex, owner, assessment $32.86.

Lots 10 and 11, Block 4, Henry F. Barnewalt, owner, assessment $78.42.

Lots 12 and 13, Block 4, Las Vegas Land & Water Co., owner, assessment $95.38.

Lots 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19 and 20, Block 4, D. Pecetto, owner, assessment
$672.00.

Lots 21, 22, 25, 24, 25 and 26 Block 4, Sadie M. Elwell, owner, assessment
$635.54.

Lots 27, 28 and 29, Block 4, W. H. Elwell, owner, assessment $341.09.

Lots 30 and 31, Block 4, Las Vegas Land & Water Co., owner, assessment

$248.57.

Lot 32, Block 4, W. H. Elwell, owner, assessment $130.64.
Lots 1, 2 and 3, Block 5, Mrs. C. C. Bray, owner, assessment $174.84.

Lots 4, 5, 6 and 7, Block 5, Agnes Goucher, owner, assessment $173.80.

Lot 8, Block 5, George E. Nichols, owner, assessment $32.86.

Lots 17, 18 and 19, Block 5, John Seiders, owner, assessment $204.37.

Lots 20, 21 and 22, Block 5, W. L. Aplin, owner, assessment $204.38.

Lots 23 and 24, Block 5, Mrs. Nellie Lake, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lot 25, Block 5, C. A. French, owner, assessment $100.99.

Lot 26, Block 5, F. L. Duncan, owner, assessment $105.21.

Lot 27 and 28, Block 5, J. S. Taney, owner, assessment $223.14.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 5, J. C. Laravey, owner, assessment $240.11.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 5, Muller & Jost, owners, assessment $257.05.

Lots 1, 2, 5 and 4, Block 12, F. E. Matzdorf, owner, assessment $497.16.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 12, Chas. H. Beckerman, owner, assessment $233.14.

Lots 7, 8 and 9, Block 12, Ione and Wm. H. Flickenger, owners, assessment $274.33.

Lots 10 and 11, Block 12, Mrs. Emma Hitt, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 12 and 13, Block 12, J. L. Finney, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 14, 15 and 16, Block 12, Ed. Von Tobel, owner, assessment $204.37.

Lot 17 and S. 8 1/3 ft. of lot 18, Block 12, Adolph Levy, owner, assessment $90.84.

N. 16 2/3 ft. of lot 18, and S. 16 2/3 ft. of lot 19, Block 12, M. E. Ward,
owner, assessment $90.82.

N. 8 1/3 ft. of lot 19, and lot 20, Block 12, Wm. S. Winn, owner, assessment
$90.84.

Lots 21, 22, 23, 24 and 25, Block 12, Mrs. Albert James, owner, assessment $373.49.
Lot 26, Block 12, W. H. Elwell, owner, assessment $103.21.

Lot 27, Block 12, R. B. Pistole, owner, assessment $109.46.

Lots 28, 29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 12, Mrs. Mary Russell, owner, assessment $610.84.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 13, Mrs. W. H. Elwell, owner, assessment $257.05.

Lot 3, Block 13, F. L. Duncan, owner, assessment $122.16.

Lots 4 and 5, Block 13, H. M. Lillis Est., owner, assessment $231.63.

Lots 6, and N. 8 ft. of lot 7, Block 13, W. G. Morse, owner, assessment $143.13.

S. 17 ft. of lot 7, and lots 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15 and 16, in Block 13,

Ed Von Tobel, owner, assessment $1,099.03.

Lots 17, 18 and 19, Block 13, J. E. Calkins, owner, assessment $379.21.

Lots 20 and 21, Block 13, E. W. Griffith, owner, assessment $231.63.

Lots 22 and 23, Block 13, Dr. F. R. Mildren, owner, assessment $214.67.

Lot 24, Block 13, Ruth Griffith, owner, assessment $100.99.

Lots 25 and 26, Block 13, Ed. Von Tobel, owner, assessment $206.20.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 13, E. E. Smith, owner, assessment $223.14.

Lots 29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 13, T. J. Sullivan, owner, assessment $497.16.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 14, Ralph Thomas, owner, assessment $145.07.

Lot 3, Block 14, W. G. Morse, owner, assessment $62.41.

Lot 4, Block 14, Hattie B. Fallis, owner, assessment $55.68.

Lot 5, Block 14, Will Beckley, owner, assessment $48.91.

Lots 6 and 7, Block 14, H. M. Lillis Est., owner, assessment $84.36.

Lot 8, Block 14, Eagles Lodge, owner, assessment $48.91.

Lot 9, Block 14, Martin & Ferron, owners, assessment $55.68.

Lots 10, 11 and 12, Block 14, E. W. Griffith, owner, assessment $207.48.

Lot 13, Block 14, Mrs. May Corkhill, owner, assessment, $93.79.

Lots 14, 15 and 16, Block 14, Nora Conlin, owner, assessment $298.00.

Lot 17, Block 14, Janes Nimock, owner, assessment $104.89.

Lots 18 and 19, Block 14, A. W. Ham, owner, assessment $218.11.

Lots 20, 21 and 22, Block 14, F. E. Matzdorf, owner, assessment $347.96.
Lots 23, 24 and 25, Block 14, Mrs. A. M. Dillon, owner, assessment $347.96.

Lot 26, Block 14, Robert Dillon, owner, assessment $110.45.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 14, John Seiders, owner, assessment $212.55.

Lots 29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 14, Eliza J. Rucker, owner, assessment $391.79.

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7, Block 15, T. M. Carroll, owner, assessment $773.06.

Lots 8, 9 and 10, Block 15, C. Aguirre, owner, assessment $289.69.

N. 40 ft. of lot 11, Block 15, W. H. Elwell, owner, assessment $23.35.

S. 90 feet of lot 11, Block 15, First State Bank, owner, assessment $52.55.

N. 40 ft. of lot 12, Block 15, W. R. Elwell, owner, assessment $21.28.

S. 90 ft. of lot 12, Block 15, First State Bank, owner, assessment $47.89.

Lots 13, 14, 15 and 16, Block 15, Adolph Levy, owner, assessment $209.18.

Lot 17, Block 15, H. M. Lillis Est., owner, assessment $42.18.

Lots 18 and 19, Block 15, Anna Roberts, owner, assessment $104.59.

Lot 20, Block 15, A. Corradetti, owner, assessment $62.41.

Lots 21 and 22, Block 15, R. W. Martin, owner, assessment $145.07.

Lots 25 and 24, Block 15, City of Las Vegas, owner, assessment $190.35.

Lot 25, Block 15, County of Clark, owner, assessment $99.34.

Lots 26 and 27, Block 15, J. T. Watters, owner, assessment $206.99.

Lots 28, 29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 15, Ed Hall, owner, assessment $566.07.

Lots 1, 2 and 3, Block 16, B. F. Minter and Luella Dees, owners, assessment
$204.37.

Lot 4, Block 16, W. A. Coleman, owner, assessment $68.13.

Lot 5, Block 16, John Seiders, owner, assessment $68.12.

Lots 6 and 7, Block 16, Mrs. Albert James, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lot 8, Block 16, F. E. Matzdorf, owner, assessment $68.13.

Lot 9, Block 16, Vincinzo Matteucci, owner, assessment $100.99.

Lots 10 and 11, Block 16, John Irish, owner, assessment $214.67.

Lot 12, Block 16, Pilar Santa Cruz, owner, assessment $113.68.

Lot 13, Block 16, Florence Lozano, owner, assessment $117.95.

Lots 14, 15 and 16, Block 16, John Irish, owner, assessment, $379.21.

Lots 17, 18, 19, 20 and 21, Block 16, Henry Kelly, owner, assessment $610.84.

Lots 22, 23 and 24, Block 16, Pilar Santa Cruz, owner, assessment $315.66.

Lots 25 and 26, Block 16, James Ferguson, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 27, 28, 29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 16, William W. Cantrell, owner,
assessment $408.75.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 17, Joe Santini, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 3 and 4, Block 17, Daisy Coleman, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 5, 6 and 7, Block 17, Walter McKelvey, owner, assessment $204.37.

Lots 8, 9, 10 and 11, Block 17, James R. Johnson, owner, assessment $383.79.

Lots 12 and 13, Block 17, W. Wilshire, owner, assessment $231.63.

Lot 14, Block 17, Church Zions Rest Mission, owner, assessment $122.16.

Lots 15 and 16, Block 17, Robert Jones, Jr., owner, assessment $257.05.

Lots 17, 18 and 19, Block 17, P. J. Sullivan, owner, assessment $379.21.

Lots 20, 21, 22, 25, 24 and 25, Block 17, Mary Nettles, owner, assessment $615.42.

Lots 26, 27, 28, 29 and 30, Block 17, I. Pullum, owner, assessment $340.62.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 17, Minnie M. Mitchell, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 1, 2, 5, 4, 5 and 6, Block 18, Patience Hesse, owner, assessment $670.96.

Lots 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14, Block 18, R. W. Martin, owner, assessment
$654.95.

Lots 15 and 16, Block 18, Clark County, owner, assessment $91.09.
Lots 17 and 18, Block 18, C. C. & Leland Ronnow, owners, assessment $91.09.

Lots 19 and 20, Block 18, M. M. Riley, owner, assessment $118.09.

Lots 21 and 22, Block 18, Elizabeth Phillips, owner, assessment $145.07.

Lot 23, Block 18, L. H. & R. E. Rockwell, owners, assessment $93.79.

Lot 24, Block 18, Louise Rock, owner, assessment $96.56.

Lots 25 and 26, Block 18, L. H. & R. E. Rockwell, owners, assessment $201.44.

Lot 27, Block 18, Ed Von Tobel, owner, assessment $104.89.

Lot 28 and S. 32 ft. of lot 29, Block 18, Mrs. Ed Von Tobel, owner, assessment
$204.86.

N. 3 ft. of lot 29, and lot 30, Block 18, Mrs. Mary E. Lake, owner, assessment
$126.46.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 18, R. H. Schaffer, owner, assessment $234.75.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 19, Dr. W. S. Park, owner, assessment $145.07.

Lots 3, 4 and 5, Block 19, R. H. Schaffer, owner, assessment $167.00.

Lot 6, Block 19, Mrs. W. H. Elwell, owner, assessment $42.18.

Lots 7 and 8, Block 19, L. H. & R. E. Rockwell, owners, assessment $91.09.

Lot 9, Block 19, A. C. Delkin, owner, assessment $55.68.

Lot 10, Block 19, Hattie M. Delkin, owner, assessment $62.41.

Lots 11 and 12, Block 19, P. J. Sullivan, owner, assessment $145.07.

Lot 13, Block 19, H. M. Lillis Est., owner, assessment $93.79.

Lots 14, 15 and 16, Block 19, Mrs. Minnie Westlake, owner, assessment $298.00.

Lots 17, 18 and 19, Block 19, W. L. Aplin, owner, assessment $323.00.

Lots 20, 21 and 22, Block 19, Episcopal Church, owner, assessment $347.96.

Lots 23, 24, 25 and 26, Block 19, Elks Lodge No. 1468, owner, assessment $458.41.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 19, Margaret Harper,  owner, assessment $212.55.

Lot 29, Block 19, Peter Pauff, owner, assessment $102.10.

Lot 30, Block 19, Mrs. W. E. Hawkins, owner, assessment $99.34.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 19, T. M. Carroll, owner, assessment $190.35.

Block No. 20, Clark County, owner, assessment $3,651.50.

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6, Block 21, Mrs. Albert James, owner, assessment $720.30.

Lots 7, 8 and 9, Block 21, Catholic Church, owner, assessment $274.33.

Lots 10 and 11, Block 21, Perle S. Brown, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 12, 15 and N. 10 ft. of lot 14, Block 21, Dr. L. Hewetson, owner,
assessment $163.50.

S. 15 ft. 10t 14, and lots 15 and 16, Block 21, E. S. Sheppard, owner,
assessment $177.12.

Lots 17 and 18, Block 21, L. L. Carson, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lot 19, Block 21, J. H. McCann, owner, assessment $68.12.

Lots 20 and 21, Block 21, C. B. Hanford, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 22 and 23, Block 21, Ernest Cragin, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 24, 25 and S½ of lot 26, Block 21, E. R. Bailey, owner, assessment $221.72.

N½ of lot 26, and lot 27, Block 21, Jake Beckley, owner, assessment $162.07.

Lots 28, 29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 21, Cragin & Pike, Inc., owners, assessment
$610.84.

Lots 1, 2 and 3, Block 28, W. H. Pike, owner, assessment $379.21.

Lot 4, Block 28, Mrs. Florence Lawson, owner, assessment $117.95.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 28, Dora Smith, owner, assessment $223.14.

Lots 7, 8 and 9, Block 28, Sam Gay, owner, assessment $274.33.

Lots 10 and 11, Block 28, Mrs. W. H. Elwell, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 12 and 13, Block 28, Joseph Smith, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 14, 15 and 16, Block 28, Mrs. Florence Lawson, owner, assessment $204.37.
Lots 17, 18 and 19, Block 28, Mrs. Celestina Casey, owner, assessment $204.37.

Lots 20 and 21, Block 28, Mary Van Dyke, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 22 and 23, Block 28, E. B. Hammond, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 24, 25 and 26, Block 28, Leo. A. McNamee, owner, assessment $274.33.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 28, A. S. Tracht, owner, assessment $223.14.

Lot 29 and S. 7 ft. of lot 30, Block 28, Charles Dase, owner, assessment
$152.15.

N. 18 ft. of lot 30, and S. 14 ft. of lot 31, Block 28, F. L. Duncan,
owner, assessment $158.75.

N. 11 ft. of Lot 31, and lot 32, Block 28, Herbert J. Archibald, owner,
assessment $186.26.

Lots 1, 2, 3 and 4, Block 29, Mary L. Linney, owner, assessment $497.16.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 29 American Legion, owner, assessment $223.14.

Lots 7, 8, 9 and 10, Block 29, J. H. Ladd, owner, assessment $412.40.

Lot 11 and N½ of lot 12, Block 29, Elizabeth Gamble, owner, assessment
$166.30.

S½ of lot 12, and lot 13, Block 29, William Bain, owner, assessment $174.89.

Lots 14, 15 and 16, Block 29, Methodist Church, owner, assessment $379.21.

Lots 17 and 18, Block 29, Minnie Westlake, owner, assessment $257.05.

Lots 19, 20, 21 and 22, Block 29, Charles Dase, owner, assessment, $463.25.

Lots 23 and 24, Block 29, H. M. Lillis Est., owner, assessment $206.20.

Lots 25 and 26, Block 29, J. H. Ladd, owner, assessment $206.20.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 29, Dr. H. L. Hewetson, owner, assessment $223.14.

E. 100 ft. of lot 29, Block 29, E. S. Sheppard, Admr., owner, assessment $84.25.

W. 40 ft. of 29, Block 29, Dr. H. L. Hewetson, owner, assessment $33.70.

E. 100 ft. of lot 30, Block 29, E. S. Sheppard, Admr., owner assessment $87.26.

W. 40 ft. of 10t 30, Block 29, Dr. H. L. Hewetson, owner, assessment $34.90.

E. 100 ft. of lot 31, Block 29, E. S. Sheppard, Admr., owner, assessment
$90.29.

W. 40 ft. of lot 31, Block 29, Dr. H. L. Hewetson, owner, assessment $36.12.

E. 100 ft. of lot 32, Block 29, E. S. Sheppard, Admr., owner, assessment
$93.31.

W. 40 ft. of lot 32, Block 29, Dr. H. L. Hewetson, owner, assessment $37.33.

Lots 1, 2, 3 and 4, Block 30, Masonic Lodge, owner, assessment $263.16.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 30, A. W. Ham, owner, assessment $91.09.

Lots 7 and 8, Block 30, Mrs. J. D. Kramer, owner, assessment $91.09.

Lots 9 and 10, Block 30, O. C. Boggs, owner, assessment $117.82.

Lots 11 and 12, Block 30, Mary Hodgens, owner, assessment $145.07.

Lots 15 and 14, Block 30, James Ryan, owner, assessment $19.35.

Lots 15 and 16, Block 30, John F. Fagan, owner, assessment $201.44.

Lots 17, 18 and 19, Block 30, C. A. French, owner, assessment $323.00.

Lots 20, 21 and 22, Block 30, Joe and Francisca Graglia, owners, assessment
$346.96.

E. 67 ft. of lots 23, 24 and 25, Block 30, J. M. Heaton, owner, assessment
$166.52.

W. 41 ft. of the E. 108 ft. of lots 23 and 24, and W. 73 ft. of the N. 15 ft.
of lot 25, and the W. 41 ft. of the E. 108 ft. of the S. 10 ft. of lot 25,
all in Block 30, A. W. Ham, owner, assessment $117.43.

W. 32 ft. of lots 23 and 24, and the W. 32 ft. of the South 10 ft. of lot
25, all in Block 30, Jennie Edmonds, owner, assessment $64.01.

Lots 26 and 27, Block 30, J. M. Heaton, owner, assessment $218.11.
Lots 28 and 29, and S 12½ ft. of lot 30, Block 30, Will Beckley, owner, assessment
$256.66.

N. 12½ ft. of lot 30, and lots 31 and 32, Block 30, Western Service Garage,
owner, assessment $240.02.

Lots 1, 2, 3 and 4, Block 31, Minnie Westlake, owner, assessment $458.41.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 31, L. H. & R. E. Rockwell, owners, assessment $212.55.

Lots 7 and 8, Block 31, Peter Mauer, owner, assessment $201.44.

Lots 9 and 10, Block 31, Fred Tisdail, owner, assessment $187.35.

Lots 11, 12 and 13, Block 31, T. A. Nantz, owner, assessment $207.48.

Lots 14, 15 and 16, Block 31, Cragin & Pike, owner, assessment $146.77.

Lots 17 and 18, Block 31, T. A. Nantz, owner, assessment $91.09.

Lots 19 and 20, Block 31, Anna Coughlin, owner, assessment $118.09.

Lots 21 and 22, Block 31, Key Pittman, owner, assessment $145.07.

Lots 23 and 24, Block 31, J. F. Hesse, owner, assessment $190.35.

Lots 25 and 26, Block 31, George Goodwin, owner, assessment $201.44.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 31, Mrs. L. A. Rockwell, owner, assessment $212.55.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 31, Carl D. Farrar, owner, assessment $223.66.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 31, Mrs. Ella Wengert, owner, assessment $234.75.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 32, Marion Wilson, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lot 3, Block 32, Henry Kelly, owner, assessment $68.12.

Lot 4, 5 and 6, Block 32, Alice Moore and Wilma Jensen, owners, assessment
$204.38.

Lots 7, 8, 9 and 10, Block 32, Mrs. Laura Kramer, owner assessment §242.45.

Lot 11, Block 32, L. H. Irwin, owner, assessment $109.40.

Lot 12, Block 32, Thomas Harris, owner, assessment $113.68.

Lots 13, 14, 15 and 16, Block 32, Richard Roschl, owner, assessment $497.16.

Lots 17 and 18, Block 32, Lou Martin, owner, assessment $257.05.

Lots 19 and 20, Block 32, B. H. Johnston, owner, assessment $240.11.

Lots 21 and 22, Block 32, Lloyd Atkinson, owner, assessment $233.14.

Lots 23, 24 and 25, Block 32, Addie A. Bullette, owner, assessment $274.33.

Lots 26, 27 and 28, Block 32, Josephine Hinge, owner, assessment $204.37.

Lots 29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 32, John M. and W. H. Taylor, owners, assessment
$272.50.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 33 , M. M. Riley, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 3 and 4, Block 33, Mary Riley, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 33, O. J. Smith, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 7 and 8, Block 33, Addie A. Bullette, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 9 and 10, Block 33, James Cashman, owner, assessment $206,30.

Lots 11 and 12, Block 33, Mrs. Ed Von Tobel, owner, assessment $223.14.

Lots 13, 14, 15 and 16, Block 33 , Dreeme Benson, owner, assessment $497.16.

Lots 17, 18, 19 and 20, Block 33, Boggs Bros. owners, assessment $497.16.

Lots 21, 22, 23 and 24, Block 33, James Nimock, owner, assessment $429.34.

Lots 25 and 26, Block 33, Mrs. A. M. Dillon, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 27, 28 and 29, Block 33, Don and Cora B. Allison, owners, assessment $204.38.
Lots 30, 31 and 32, Block 33, M. M. Riley, owner, assessment $204.37.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 34, Mrs. William Moffat, owner, assessment $234.75.

Lots 3 and 4, Block 34, R. M. Wilson, owner, assessment $225.66.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 34, Will Beckley, owner, assessment $212.55.

Lots 7 and 8, Block 34, E. H. Hunting, owner, assessment $201.44.

Lots 9 and 10, Block 34, Al G. Barnes, owner, assessment $190.35.
Lots 11, 12 and 13, Block 34, W. E. Ferron, owner, assessment $207.48.

Lots 14, 15 and 16, Block 34, W. R. Bracken, owner, assessment $146.77.

Lots 17, 18 and 19, Block 34, Leo A. McNamee, owner, assessment $146.77.

Lots 20, 21 and 22, Block 34, Mrs. Mary Hodgens, owner, assessment $207.48.

Lots 23 and 24, Block 34, Caroline Shaw, owner, assessment $190.35.

Lots 25, 26, 27 and 28, Block 34, E. W. Nungesser, owner, assessment $413.99.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 34, William May, owner, assessment, $223.60.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 34, William E. Orr, owner, assessment $234.75.

Lots 1, 2 and 3, Block 35, Sina Norris, owner, assessment $207.48.

Lots 4, 5 and W½ of lot 6, Block 35, C. P. Squires, owner, assessment $125.68.

E½ of Lot 6, Block 35, N. E. Williams owner, assessment $21.09.

Lots 13 and 14, Block 35, H. O. Johnson, owner, assessment $190.35.

Lots 15 and 16, Block 35, Las Vegas Land & Water Co., owner, assessment $201.44.

Lots 17, 18 and 19, Block 35, T. M. Carroll, owner, assessment $323.00.

Lots 20, 21 and 22, Block 35, Tom W. French, owner, assessment $346.96.

Lots 23 and 24, Block 35, Henrietta Brockman, owner, assessment $98.50.

Lots 25 and 26, Block 35, Geo. L. Ullom Est., owner, assessment $87.41.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 35, C. M. McGovern, owner, assessment $76.30.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 35, C. L. Horsey, owner, assessment $65.19.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 35, M. I. Newkirk, owner, assessment $54.10.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 36, Fred Smith, owner, assessment $257.05.

Lot 3 and N½ of lot 4, Block 36, A. J. Tompkins, owner, assessment $181.13.

S½ of lot 4, and lot 5, Block 36, Leo A. McNamee, owner, assessment $172.66.

Lots 6 and 7, Block 36, L. R. Ullom, owner, assessment $214.67.

Lots 8, 9 and 10, Block 36, L. R. Ullom, owner, assessment $307.19.

Lot 11 and N½ of lot 12, Block 36, Dave White, owner, assessment $166.30.

S½ of lot 12, and lot 13, Block 36, May Corkhill, owner, assessment $174.89.

Lot 14 and N½ of lot 15, Block 36, J. W. Woodard, owner, assessment $185.36.

S½ of lot 15, and lot 16, Block 36, George Bremner, owner, assessment $193.85.

Lots 17, 18 and 19, Block 36, Mrs. Isabelle E. McChrystal, owner, assessment
$174.84.

Lots 20 and 21, Block 36, Alice Passno, owner, assessment $95.38.

Lots 22 and 23, Block 36, E. R. Bailey, owner, assessment $78.42.

Lots 24 and 25, Block 36, Mrs. F. R. Hudson, owner, assessment $65.72.

Lot 26, and 	S½ of lot 27, Block 36, Joe L. McQuade, owner, assessment $57.75.

N½ of lot 27, and lot 28, Block 36, Mary Russell, owner, assessment $66.23.

Lots 29, and 30, Block 36, Herbert Krause, owner, assessment $103.86.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 36, A. S. Gaines, owner, assessment $120.80

Block 37, (Grammar School Block) Las Vegas School District No. 12, owner,
assessment $1,907.50

IN HAWKINS' ADDITION

Lots 1 and 2, Block 1, Boggs Bros., owners, assessment $136.25.

Lots 3 and 4, Block 1, L. B. Sandall, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 5, 6 and 7, Block 1, Lillian Church, owner, assessment $204.37.

Lots 8 and 9, Block 1, J. R. Williams, owner, assessment $169.12.

Lots 10, 11 and 12, Block 1, John W. Hockett, owner, assessment $328.35.

Lots 13, 14, 15 and 16, Block 1, A. W. and Alta Ham, owners, assessment $497.16.
Lots 1, 2, 3 and 4, Block 2, W. E. Hawkins, owner, assessment $458.41.
Lots 5 and 6, Block 2, Peter Pauff, owner, assessment $212.55.

Lots 7 and 8, Block 2, T. A. Wells, owner, assessment $201.44.

Lots 9 and 10, Block 2, Caroline Shaw, owner, assessment $189.35.

Lots 11, 12, 13 and 14, Block 2, A. W. Ham, owner, assessment $585.66.

Lots 15, 16, 17, 18 and 19, Block 2, Colorado River Exploration Company, Ltd.,
owner, assessment $431.72.

Lots 20, 21 and 22, Block 2, J. T. Ullom, owner, assessment $204.37.

Lots 1, 2,	3 and 4, Block 3, Will Beckley, owner, assessment $272.50.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 3, Kate Martin, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lot 7, Block 3, Quality Laundry, owner, assessment $68.12.

Lots 8 and 9, Block 3, Clara Campbell, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 10, 11 and 12, Block 3, L. T. Brock, owner, assessment $204.38.

Lots 1, 2 and 3, Block 6, Colorado River Exploration Co., Ltd., owner, assessment
$204.38.

Lots 4 and 5, Block 6, Mrs. Ed Von Tobel, owner, assessment $136.25.

Lots 6 and 7, Block 6, R. E. Lake, Jr. , owner, assessment $136.24.

Lots 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12, Block 6, Colorado River Exploration Co., Ltd., owner,
assessment $340.63.

Lots 11, 12, 13 and 14, Block 7, Helen H. Rives, owner, assessment $272.50.

Lots 15 and 16 and W. 64 ft. of lot 17, Block 7, Colorado River Exploration
Co. Ltd., owner, assessment $267.73.

E. 36 ft. of lot 17, Block 7, American Baptist Home Mission Soc., Inc., owner,
assessment $98.25.

IN BUCK'S SUBDIVISION:

Lot 5, Block 3, C. E. Pembroke, owner, assessment $72.49.

N. 20.8 ft. of lot 6, Block 3, Colorado River Exploration Co., Ltd., owner,
assessment $33.88.

S. 129.2 ft. of lot 6, Block 3, American Baptist Home Mission Soc., Inc., owner,
assessment $140.90.

Lots 5, 6, 7 and 8, Block 12, Walter F. McLallen, owner, assessment $381.50.

Lots 9, 10 and 11, Block 12, Wm. M. Fitzhugh, owner, assessment $309.01.

Lot 12, Block 12, J. H. Williams, owner, assessment $72.49.

Lots 1, 2 and 3, Block 13, George H. Cook, owner, assessment $308.66.

Lot 4, Block 13, E. A. Stinson, owner, assessment $72.49.

Lots 10, 11, 12 and 13, Block 13, in Bucks subdivision and that certain triangular
unplatted tract of land at the S. W. corner of said Block 13, Samuel Craner,
owner, assessment $381.85.

SECTION 7. The total approximate amount to be levied and collected as Special
Assessment against the several lots and premises hereinbefore designated and
described for the purpose aforesaid is as follows, to-wit:	$74,610.50.

SECTION 8. All assessments when due and payable, as aforesaid, shall be paid to
the County Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Receiver of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
ex-officio Treasurer and Tax Receiver of the City of Las Vegas, who shall place the
same in what shall be known as "Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Street 
Improvement Fund," and no portion thereof shall be paid out of said Treasury, except
upon claims duly allowed by the said Board of City Commissioners, for the purpose of
defraying the cost and expense of making said improvements as aforesaid, and for no
other purpose until the same is fully paid, provided, however, that if it becomes
necessary to draw upon the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas, for the purpose of
defraying any part of the cost and expenses of making any of the said improvements
as in this ordinance contained, that the said General Fund of the City of Las Vegas,
shall be reimbursed by funds transferred from the said Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement
and Curb Street Improvement Fund, to the extent of the amount drawn from the General
Fund as so on as said Improvement Fund shall be in condition to permit the transfer.

SECTION 9. That if, after the expiration of fifty days from the date of the
confirmation and recording of said Special Assessment Roll, as in this ordinance 
contained there shall remain due and unpaid, any of the said special assessments as 
contained in said Roll, the said Board of City Commissioners within a reasonable time thereafter,

shall by Ordinance provide for the issuance of bonds for the amount of the unpaid
assessments, in accordance with the terms and conditions of Section 4, Ordinance No.
131, of the City of Las Vegas, approved July 5, 1928.

SECTION 10. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and
adoption and publication for a period of one week (three issues) in Las Vegas Age, a
tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 11. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 133 published
in three successive issues of Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 30th day of October A. D. 1928, by the following vote of
the Board of City Commissioners: Commissioners Mundy, German, Neagle and His Honor

the Mayor Hesse voting aye. Noes, none.

First Reading September 6, 1928.

Final reading October 30, 1928.

Approved this 30th day of October, A. D. 1928.

J. F. Hesse,

Mayor of the
City of Las Vegas.

Attest: 	WM. L. SCOTT, City Clerk and

Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas.

(CITY SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

CHARLES P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is

Publisher of the LAS VEGAS AGE, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation,
printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the attached Ordinance No. 133 of the City of Las Vegas was continuously published in
said newspaper for a period of one week from Nov. 1, 1928 to Nov. 6, 1928 inclusive,
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Nov. 1, 3, and 6,
1928. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named. That the charge for publishing the same was $334.60

Signed CHARLES P. SQUIRES._______________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 8th
day of November, 1928.

C. D. BREEZE________

Notary Public in and for
Clark County, Nevada.

My Com. Expires May 26, 1931. (SEAL)
ORDINANCE NO. 134.

		 						 

AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA, TO BORROW Forty Three Thousand Seven Hundred Seventy Eight Dollars and
Eighty-eight Cents TO COVER CERTAIN UNPAID ASSESSMENTS HERETOFORE LEVIED AND CONFIRMED
BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS FOR THE PURPOSE OF PAYING FOR THE
WORK OF MAKING IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, BY CONSTRUCTING OIL BOUND GRAVEL
PAVEMENTS AND HYDRAULIC CEMENT CONCRETE CURBS ON CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS
IN SAID CITY, TO-WIT,  ON FIRST STREET, SECOND STREET, THIRD STREET, FOURTH STREET,

FIFTH STREET, OGDEN STREET, CARSON STREET, BRIDGER STREET and FREMONT STREET, TO ISSUE
AND SELL THE BONDS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS THEREFOR, SAID BONDS TO BE KNOWN AS "LAS
VEGAS SPECIAL 1929 PAVEMENT AND CURB STREET IMPROVEMENT BONDS", AND PROVIDING FOR THE
COLLECTION OF SAID UNPAID ASSESSMENTS BY DIVIDING THE SAME INTO TEN (10) ANNUAL INSTALLMENTS
AND PLACING SAID INSTALLMENTS ON THE TAX ROLL OF CLARK COUNTY AND COLLECTING
SAME IN THE SAME MANNER AS STATE AND COUNTY TAXES ARE COLLECTED BY LAW:

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DO ORDAIN, AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. That for the purpose of paying for the work of grading for and constructing
 Oil Bound Gravel Pavements and hydraulic cement concrete curbs on certain streets
and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on to-wit: portions of First

Street, Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street, Fifth Street, Ogden Street, Carson
Street, Bridger Street, and Fremont Street, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada; for which Special Assessments have heretofore been levied and confirmed by the
Board of City Commissioners and not paid in full by certain owners of property on said
streets heretofore named, and in compliance with and by virtue and authority of a certain
Act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, approved March 13, 1909, entitled "An Act
to authorize municipalities to issue bonds for the purpose of paying the cost of municipal
improvements for which special assessments are levied," as amended by a certain Act of the
Legislature approved March 13, 1913, entitled "An Act to amend Sections l and 2 of an Act
entitled 'An Act to authorize municipalities to issue bonds for the purpose of paying the
cost of municipal improvements for which special assessments are levied', approved March
13, 1909, and other matters relating thereto", and in accordance with City Ordinance No. 131,
approved the 5th day of July, 1928, entitled "An Ordinance Declaring the determination of
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the
City of Las Vegas by grading for and constructing Oil Bound Gravel pavements and hydraulic
cement concrete curbs on certain streets and portions of streets in said City; describing
definitely the location of said improvements; providing that the cost and expense thereof
shall be paid entirely by special assessment upon all the lots included in the special
assessment district, hereby established, according to benefits, except where, by the Charter
of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required to be paid from the general
fund of said City of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds and
also general bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof and other matters 
relating thereto, "and City Ordinance No. 133, approved the 30th day of October, 1928, 
entitled, "An Ordinance Empowering, authorizing and Directing the Ex-officio City Assessor of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, To levy a Special Assessment to
defray the costs of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and
Constructing Oil Bound Gravel Pavements and Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curbs on certain streets
and portions of streets in said City, according to the plats, diagrams and estimates of
cost thereof on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas; describing
definitely the location of said improvements, stating the amounts of said assessment, and
designating the lots, lands and premises to be assessed according to benefits; providing
for the issuance of Special Assessment Bonds for the payment thereof, and other matters 
relating thereto," and in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas, as amended by an Act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, approved March 26,
1927, and in compliance with and by virtue and authority of a certain Act of the Legislature
 of the State of Nevada, approved March 23, 1927, entitled "An Act relating to bonds
issued by counties, cities, towns, school districts, and other municipal corporations, and
repealing all acts and parts of acts in conflict therewith;"

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS is hereby authorized and empowered
to issue in the name of said City forty (40) bonds of the denomination of One Thousand
Dollars ($1,000.00) each, and Ten (10) bonds of the denomination of Three Hundred Seventy
Seven Dollars and Eighty-eight cents ($377.88), four (4) of said bonds of the denomination
of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each and One (1) bond of the denomination of Three
Hundred Seventy Seven Dollars and Eighty-eight cents ($377.88) each, payable at annual
periods of from one to ten years from January 1, 1929, each bearing interest at the rate of
not to exceed seven per cent, per annum; said interest to be payable annually on the first
day of January of each year; which said bonds shall be sold to the bidder making the best
bid, but shall not be sold for less than par value and accrued interest.

SECTION 2. The Board of Commissioners of said City shall cause said bonds to be prepared  
and they shall be signed by the Mayor or Mayor Pro Tem, and the City Clerk, and countersigned
 by the City Treasurer and authenticated by the seal of the City of Las Vegas.

Coupons representing the several installments of interest to fall due thereon shall be attached
 to each bond so that they may be removed, without injury to the same, numbered consecutively,
 and bear the signature of facsimile signature of the Mayor or Mayor Pro Tem and
countersignature of the City Treasurer. Said bonds shall be dated January 1, A. D., 1929,
and shall be sold at not less than their face or par value and accrued interest, and the
proceeds thereof shall be placed in the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas, to replace
the money heretofore paid out of said General Fund for making said improvement, by reason
of the non-payment of certain Special Assessments by certain of the property owners at the
time required by law. The said bonds shall be known as and called "Las Vegas Special 1929
Pavement and Curb Improvement Bonds."

SECTION 3. The amount remaining unpaid of said Special Assessments for which these
bonds are to be issued, as shown by the Assessment Roll on file in the office of the City
Clerk of the City of Las Vegas appears to be Forty Three Thousand Seven Hundred Seventy
Eight Dollars and Eighty eight cents ($43,778.88) and said bonds and the said annual installments
 due and to become due thereon for Ten (10) annual periods commencing January 1,
1930, are and shall be a lien upon the lots and parcels of land hereinafter particularly
described, for the amounts of the assessments due thereon, together with interest at the
rate of not to exceed seven percent (7%) per annum from the first day of January, 1929 until
said bonds are paid, the exact amount of interest on said bonds to be fixed and determined at
the rate offered by the successful bidder on said bonds, as provided by law, (and the interest
 on said installments of said unpaid assessments to be fixed by appropriate action of
said Board of City Commissioners at the same irate as the interest payable on said bonds.

The following are the names of the owners and reputed owners of the lots and parcels of land
and the amount of unpaid assessments thereon:

In Clark's Las Vegas Townsite:

Thomas Baima, lot 9, Block 1, Assessment $32.86.

Thomas Baima, lots 13, 14, 15 and 16, Block 1, Assessment $224.66.

John Irish, lots 17, 18 and 19, Block 1, Assessment $379.21.

Hazel Algeo, lot 20, Block 1, Assessment $117.95.

Bessie O'Connor, Lot 21, Block 1, Assessment $113.68.

Jules Hugnes, lots 22, 23, 24 and 25, Block 1, Assessment $383.79.

Jules Hugnes, lot 27, Block 1, Assessment $68.13.

J. H. Morgan, N. 77.6 ft. of lot 21, Block 2, Assessment $53.57.

T. M. Carroll, Lot 28, Block 2, Assessment $110.45.

Fred S. Karasumaru, lots 29, 30, and 31, Block 2, Assessment $347.96.

Hotel Nevada Mining Co., lot 9, Block 3, Assessment $32.86.

Robert J. Donnelly, lots 10, 11, 12 and 13, Block 3, Assessment $173.80.

M. A. Kiwisar, lots 14, 15 and 16, Block 3, Assessment $174.84.

Anna Roberts, lots 17 and 18, Block 3, Assessment $234.75.

Mrs. Glen Reiser, lot 21, Block 3, Assessment $107.66

C. Aguirre, lots 23 and 24, Block 3, Assessment $201.44.



H.	M. Lillis, Est., lots 25 and 26, Block 3, Assessment $190.35.

Laura Kramer, lot 28, Block 3, Assessment $61.40.

Laura Kramer, S. 25 ft. of lot 31, Block 3, Assessment $17.26.

Elizabeth Gamble, lots 1 and 2, Block 4, Assessment $120.80.

Dora Smith, lots 3 and 4, Block 4, Assessment $103.86.

Ed Von Tobel, lots 5, 6, 7 and 8, Block 4, Assessment $156.84.

Thos. P. A. Valdez, lots 9, Block 4, Assessment $32.86.

Henry F. Barnewalt, Lots 10 and 11, Block 4, Assessment $78.42.

W. H. Elwell, lots 27, 28 and 29, Block 4, Assessment $341.09.

Las Vegas Land & Water Co., lots 30 and 31, Block 4, Assessment $248.57.

W. H. Elwell, lots 32, Block 4, Assessment $130.64.

Mrs. C. C. Bray, lots 1, 2 and 3, Block 5, Assessment $174.84.

Agnes Goucher, Lots 4, 5, 6 and 7, Block 5, Assessment $173.80.

W. L. Aplin, Lots 20, 21, and 22, Block 5, Assessment $204.38.

C. A. French, lot 25, Block 5, Assessment $100.99.

F. L. Duncan, lot 26, Block 5, Assessment $105.21.

J. S. Taney, lots, 27 and 28, Block 5, Assessment $223.14.

J. G. Laravey, lots 29 and 30, Block 5, Assessment $240.11.

Muller & Jost, lots 31 and 32, Block 5, Assessment $257.05.

Chas. H. Beckerman, lots 5 and 6, Block 12, Assessment $233.14.

Ione & Wm. H. Flickinger, Lots 7, 8 and 9, Block 12, Assessment $274.33.

J. L. Finney, lots 12 and 13, Block 12, Assessment $136.25.

Ed Von Tobel, lots 14, 15 and 16, Block 12, Assessment $204.37.
H. E. Ward, N. 16 2/3 ft. of lot 18, and S. 16 2/3 ft. of lot 19, Block 12, Assessment $90.82.
W. H. Elwell, lot 26, Block 12, Assessment $105.21.

R. B. Pistole, lots 27, Block 12, Assessment $109.46.

Mary Russell, Lots 28, 29, 30, 31 and 32 Block 12, Assessment $610.84.

F .L. Duncan, Lot 3, Block 13, Assessment $122.16.

H. M. Lillis Est., Lots 4 and 5, Block 13, Assessment $231.63.

Ed. Von Tobel, S. 17 ft. of lot 7, and lots 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, and 16 in Block 13, Assessment $1099.03 

J. 15. Calkins, Lots 17, 18, 19, Block 13, Assessment $379.21.

E. W. Griffith, Lots 20 and 21, Block 13, Assessment $231.63.

Dr. F. R. Mildren, Lots 22 and 23, Block 13, Assessment $214.67.

Ruth Griffith, Lot 24, Block 13, Assessment $100.99.

Ed Von Tobel, Lots 25 and 26, Block 13, Assessment $206.20.

P. J. Sullivan, Lots 29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 13, Assessment $497.16.

Ralph Thomas, Lots 1 and 2, Block 14, Assessment $145.07.

H. M. Lillis Est., Lots 6 and 7, Block 14, Assessment $84.36.

E. W. Griffith, Lots 10, 11, and 12, Block 14, Assessment $207.48.

Mrs. May Corkhill, Lot 13, Block 14, Assessment $93.79.

Robert Dillon, Lot 26, Block 14, Assessment $110.45.

Eliza J. Rucker, Lots 29, 30, 31, and 32, Block 14, Assessment $391.79,

T.	M.	Carroll, Lots	1, 2, 3, 4, 5,	6, and 7,	Block 15, Assessment	$773.06.

W.	H.	Elwell, N. 40	ft. of Lot 11,	Block 15,	Assessment $23.35.

W.	H.	Elwell, N. 40	ft. of Lot 12,	Block 15,	Assessment $21.28.

H.	M. Lillis Est., Lot 17, Block 15, Assessment $42.18.

Anna Roberts, Lots 18 and 19, Block 15, Assessment $104.59.

R. W. Martin, Lots 21 and 22, Block 15, Assessment $145.07.

J. T. Watters, Lots 26 and 27, Block 15, Assessment $206.99.

Ed Hall, Lots 28, 29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 15, Assessment $566.07.

W. A. Coleman, Lot 4, Block 16, Assessment $68.13.

Mrs. Albert James, Lots 6 and 7, Block 16, Assessment $136.25.

Vincinzo Matteucci, Lot 9, Block 16, Assessment $100.99.

John Irish, Lots 10 and 11, Block 16, Assessment $214.67.

Pilar Santa Cruz, Lot 12, Block 16, Assessment $113.68.

John Irish, Lots 14, 15, and 16, Block 16, Assessment $379.21.

Henry Kelly, Lots 17, 18, 19, 20 and 21, Block 16, Assessment $610.84.

Pilar Santa Cruz, Lots 22, 23, and 24, Block 16, Assessment $315.66.

William IV. Cantrell, Lots 27, 28, 29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 16, Assessment $408.75.

Daisy Coleman, Lots 3 and 4, Block 17, Assessment $136.25.

Walter McKelvey, Lots 5, 6, and 7, Block 17, Assessment $204.37.

W. Wilshire, Lots 12 and 13, Block 17, Assessment $231.63.

Church Zions Rest Mission, Lot 14, Block 17, Assessment $122.16.

Robert Jones, Jr., Lots 15 and 16, Block 17, Assessment $257.05.

P. J. Sullivan, Lots 17, 18, and 19, Block 17, Assessment $379.21.

Mary Nettles, Lots 20, 21, 22, 23, 24 and 25, Block 17, Assessment $615.42.

I.	Pullum, Lots 26, 27, 28, 29 and 30, Block 17, Assessment $340.62.

Minnie M. Mitchell, Lots 31 and 32, Block 17, Assessment $136.25.


Patience Hesse, Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6, Block 18, Assessment $670.96.

R. W. Martin, Lots 7, 8, 9 and 10, Block 18, Assessment $391.79.

Elizabeth Phillips, Lots 21 and 22, Block 18, Assessment $145.07.

Louise Rock, Lot 24, Block 18, Assessment $96.56.

Ed Von Tobel, Lot 27, Block 18, Assessment $104.89.

Mrs. Ed Von Tobel, Lot 28 and S. 22 ft. of lot 29, Block 18, Assessment $204.86.

Mary E. Lake, N. 3 ft. of Lot 29, and Lot 30, Block 18, Assessment $126.46.

R. H. Schaefer, Lots 31 and 32, Block 18, Assessment $234.75.

Dr. W. S. Park, Lots 1 and 2, Block 19, Assessment $145.07.

R. H. Schaefer, Lots 3, 4 and 5, Block 19, Assessment $167.00.

H. M. Lillis Est., Lot 13, Block 19, Assessment $93.79.

Mrs. Minnie Westlake, Lots 14, 15 and 16, Block 19, Assessment $298.00
W. L. Aplin, Lots 17, 18 and 19, Block 19, Assessment $323.00
Peter Pauff, Lot 29, Block 19, Assessment $102.10.

Mrs. W. E. Hawkins, Lot 30, Block 19, Assessment $99.34.

T. M. Carroll, Lots 31 and 32, Block 19, Assessment $190.35.

Mrs. Albert James, Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6, Block 21, Assessment $720.30.

Perle S. Brown, Lots 10 and 11, Block 21, Assessment $136.25.

H. L. Hewetson, Lots 12, 13, and N. 10 ft. of Lot 14, Block 21, Assessment $163.50.

E. S. Sheppard, S. 15 Ft. of Lot 14, and Lots 15 and 16, Block 21, Assessment $177.12.

L. L. Carson, Lots 17 and 18, Block 21, Assessment $136.25.

Ernest Cragin, Lots 22 and 23, Block 21, Assessment $136.25.

Jake Beckley, N½ of Lot 26, and and Lot 27, Block 21, Assessment $162.07

 of Lot 26, and Lot 27, Block 21, Assessment $162.07.

Cragin & Pike, Inc., Lots 28, 29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 21, Assessment $610.84.

W. H. Pike, Lots 1, 2, 3 In Block 28, Assessment $379.21.

Dora Smith, Lots 5 and 6, Block 28, Assessment $223.14.

Sam Gay, Lots 7, 8 and 9, Block 28, Assessment $274.33.

Joseph Smith, Lots 12, 13, Block 28, Assessment $136.25.

Mary Van Dyke, Lots 20 and 21, Block 28, Assessment $136.25.

Leo A. McNamee, Lots 24, 25, and 26, Block 28, Assessment $274.33.

A. S. Tracht, Lots 27 and 28, Block 28, Assessment $223.14

Charles Dase, Lot 29 and S. 7 ft. of Lot 30, Block 28, Assessment $152.15.

F. Duncan, N. 18 ft. of Lot 30, and S. 14 ft. of Lot 31, Block 28, Assessment $158.75.
Mary L. Linney, Lots 1, 2, 3 and 4, Block 29, Assessment $497.16.

 American Legion, Lots 5 and 6, Block 29, Assessment $223.14.

J.	H. Ladd, Lots 7, 8, 9 and 10, Block 29, Assessment $412.40.

Elizabeth Gamble, Lot 11 and N½ of Lot 12, Block 29, Assessment $166.30.

William Bain, of Lot 12, and Lot 13 Block 29, Assessment $174.89.

Methodist Church, Lots 14, 15 and 16, Block 29, Assessment $379.21.

Minnie Westlake, Lots 17 and 18, Block 29, Assessment $257.05.

Charles Dase, Lots 19, 20, 21 and 22, Block 29, Assessment $463.25.

H. M. Lillis Est., Lots 23 and 24, Block 29, Assessment $206.20
J. H. Ladd, Lots 25 and 26, Block 29, Assessment $206.20.

Dr. H. L. Hewetson, Lots 27 and 28, Block 29, Assessment $223.14.

E. S. Sheppard, E. 100 ft. of Lot 29, Block 29, Assessment $84.25.

H. L. Hewetson, W. 40 ft. of Lot 29, Block 29, Assessment $33.70.

E. S. Sheppard, Admr. 15. 100 ft. of Lot 30, Block 29, Assessment $87.26.

H.	L.	Hewetson, W. 40	ft. of	Lot	30, Block 29, Assessment $34.90.

E.	S.	Sheppard, Admr.,	E. 100	ft.	of Lot 31, Block 29, Assessment $90.29.

H.	L.	Hewetson, W. 40	ft. of	Lot	31, Block 29, Assessment $36.12.
E. S. Sheppard, Admr., E. 100 ft. of Lot 32, Block 29, Assessment $93.31.

H. L. Hewetson, W. 40 ft. of Lot 32, Block 29, Assessment $37.33.

Mrs. J. D. Kramer, Lots 7 and 8, Block 30, Assessment $91.09.

C. A. French, Lots 17, 18 and 19, Block 30, Assessment $323.00.

J. M. Heaton, E. 67 ft. of Lots 23, 24 and 25, Block 30, Assessment $166.52.

Jennie Edmonds, W. 32 ft. of Lots 23 and 24, and the W. 32 ft. of the S. 10 ft. of Lot
25, all in Block 30, Assessment $64.01.

J. M. Heaton, Lots 26 and 27, Block 30, Assessment $218.11.

Western Service Garage, N. 12½ ft. of Lot 30 and lots 31 and 32, Block 30, Assessment $240.02.
Minnie Westlake, Lots 1, 2, 3, and 4, Block 31, Assessment $458.41.

Peter Mauer, Lots 7 and 8, Block 31, Assessment $201.44.

Fred Tisdail, Lots 9 and 10, Block 31, Assessment $187.35.

Cragin & Pike, Inc., Lots 14, 15, and 16, Block 31, Assessment $146.77.

Key Pittman, Lots 21 and 22, Block 31, Assessment $145.07.

J. F. Hesse, Lots 23 and 24, Block 31, Assessment $190.35.

George Goodwin, Lots 25 and 26, Block 31, Assessment $201.44.

Carl D. Farrar, Lots 29 and 30, Block 31, Assessment $223.66.

Mrs. Ella Wengert, Lots 31 and 32, Block 31, Assessment $234.75.

Marion Wilson, Lots 1 and 2, Block 32, Assessment $136.25.

Henry Kelly, Lot 3, Block 32, Assessment $68.12.

Alice Moore and Wilma Jensen, Lots 4, 5 and 6, Block 32, Assessment $204.38.

Mrs. Laura Kramer, Lots 7, 8, 9 and 10, Block 32, Assessment $242.45.

L. H. Irwin, Lot 11, Block 32, Assessment $109.40.

Thomas Harris, Lot 12, Block 32, Assessment $113.68.

Richard Roschl, Lots 13, 14, 15 and 16, Block 32, Assessment $497.16.

Lou Martin, Lots 17 and 18, Block 32, Assessment $257.05.

B.	H. Johnson, Lots 19 and 20, Block 32, Assessment $240.11.

Josephine Hinge, Lots 26, 27, and 28, Block 32, Assessment $204.37.

John M. and W. H. Taylor, Lots 29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 32, Assessment $272.50.

O.	J. Smith, Lots 5 and 6, Block 33, Assessment $136.25.

James Cashman, Lots 9 and 10, Block 33, Assessment $206.30
Mrs. Ed. Von Tobel, Lots 11 and 12, Block 33, Assessment $223.14.

Dreeme Benson, Lots 13, 14, 15 and 16, Block 33, Assessment $497.16.

James Nimock, Lots 21, 22, 23 and 24, Block 33, Assessment $429.34.

Mrs. William Moffat, Lots 1 and 2, Block 34, Assessment $234.75.

E. H. Hunting, Lots 7 and 8, Block 34, Assessment $201.44
Al. G. Barnes, Lots 9 and 10, Block 34, Assessment $190.35.

Leo A. McNamee, Lots 17, 18 and 19, Block 34, Assessment $146.77.

William May, Lots 29 and 30, Block 34, Assessment $223.60.

William E. Orr, Lots 31 and 32, Block 34, Assessment $234.75.

Sina Norris, Lots 1, 2, and 3, Block 35, Assessment $207.48.

C.	P. Squires, Lots 4, 5 and W½ of Lot 6, Block 35, Assessment $125.68.

T. M. Carroll, Lots 17, 18 and 19, Block 35, Assessment $323.00.

Tom W. French, Lots 20, 21 and 22, Block 35, Assessment $346.96.

C. L. Horsey, Lots 29 and 35, Block 35, Assessment $65.19.

Fred Smith, Lots 1 and 2, Block 36, Assessment $257.05.

A. J. Tompkins, Lot 3 and N½ of Lot 4, Block 36, Assessment $181.13.
Leo A. McNamee, S½ of Lot 4, and Lot 5, Block 36, Assessment $172.66.

L. R. Ullom, Lots 6 and 7, Block 36, Assessment $214.67.

L. R. Ullom, Lots 8, 9 and 10, Block 36, Assessment $307.19.

Dave White, Lot 11 and N½ of Lot 12, Block 36, Assessment $166.30.

May Corkhill, S½ of Lot 12, and Lot 13, Block 36, Assessment $174.89.

J. W. Woodard, Lot 14, and N½ of Lot 15, Block 36, Assessment $185.36.

George Bremner, S½ of Lot 15, and Lot 16, Block 36, Assessment $193.85.

Isabelle E. McCrystal, Lots 17,18 and 19, Block 36, Assessment $174.84.

Alice Passno, Lots 20 and 21, Block 36, Assessment $95.38.

Mrs. F. R. Hudson, Lots 24 and 25, Block 36, Assessment $65.72.

Mary Russell, N½ of Lot 27 and Lot 28, Block 36, Assessment $66.23.

Herbert Krause, Lots 29 and 30, Block 36, Assessment $103.86.

A. S. Gaines, Lots 31 and 32, Block 36, Assessment $120.80.

In Hawkins' Addition:

J. R. Williams, Lots 8 and 9, Block 1, Assessment $169.12.

W. E. Hawkins, Lots 1, 2, 3 and 4, Block 2, Assessment $458.41.

Peter Pauff, Lots 5 and 6, Block 2,	Assessment $212.55.

T. A. Wells, Lots 7 and	8,	Block 2,	Assessment $201.44.

J. T. Ullom, Lots 20, 21 and 22, Block 2, Assessment $204.37.

Kate Martin, Lots 5 and 6, Block 3, Assessment $136.25.

Quality Laundry, Lot 7,Block 3, Assessment $68.12.

L. T. Brock, Lots 10, 11 and 12, Block 3, Assessment $204.38.

Mrs. Ed. Von Tobel, Lots 4 and 5, Block 6, Assessment $136.25.

II. 15. Lake, Jr., Lots 6 and 7, Block 6, Assessment $136.24.

American Baptist Home Mission Soc., Inc., E. 36 ft. of Lot 17, Block 7, Assessment $98.25.

In Buck's Subdivision.

C. E. Pembroke, Lot 5, Block 3, Assessment $72.49.

American Baptist Home Mission Soc., Inc., S. 129.2 ft. of Lot 6, Block 3, Assessment $140.90.
J. H. Williams, Lot 12, Block 12, Assessment $72.49.

E. A. Stinson, Lot 4, Block 13, Assessment $72.49.

Samuel Craner, Lots 10, 11, 12 and 13, Block 13, in Buck's Subdivision, and that certain
triangular unplatted tract of land at the S. W. Corner of said Block 13, Assessment $381.85.

Section 4. That the unpaid assessments shall be paid as follows: one-tenth, on or 

before one year from the 1st day of January, 1929, and one-tenth on or before the 1st day of
January of each year thereafter, until the same is paid in full with interest thereon at
the rate of seven per cent. (7%) per annum; each of said installments shall bear interest
at the rate of seven per cent (7%) per annum, payable annually in the manner hereinafter
directed, on the whole amount due and unpaid. Such installments and the interest thereon
shall be end remain a lien on the said lots and parcels of land until paid in full, and
shall be collected and paid in the following manner:

Each installment, together with the interest thereon, shall be placed on the Tax
Roll of Clark County on and against the several owners and premises hereinbefore enumerated,
and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting ex-officio City Assessor of the City of
Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the said Tax Roll of
Clark County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on the said
Tax Roll of Clark County, and the County Treasurer, acting ex-officio City Treasurer, and
Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect the
same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County Taxes are 
collected. Provided, that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall annually,
commencing with the year 1930, and continuing for a period of nine (9) years thereafter,
and until all of said bonds are paid, at the time prescribed by law for the levying of
taxes for State and County purposes, direct the City Clerk to report to the County Assessor,
acting ex-officio City Assessor, a description of such lots and premises together with
their owners as in Section 3 hereinbefore set forth, with the amount of the annual 
installments, together with the interest due thereon to be levied upon and against each of
the same premises and owners and the City Assessor is hereby authorized and directed to
enter the several sums so assessed as a tax upon the several lots or premises respectively,
and the Board of City Commissioners shall annually continue to so require the City Assessor
to enter the said installments of special assessments until the whole sum assessed with
interest thereon has been paid. Provided further, however, that if the Board of City 
Commissioners should fail or neglect to direct the City Clerk to report to the City Assessor
a description of such lots and premises as in this section before mentioned, the City
Assessor shall enter the said special assessments and place the same on the said tax roll
and do all and every thing necessary, as fully and completely as though the Board of City

Commissioners had directed the same to be done,

Section. 5. Said installments of special taxes and the interest thereon when collected,
shall constitute and be a sinking fund for the payment of said bonds and the interest
thereon, and said fund shall not be used for any other purpose, and as said installments
with the interest thereon are paid, as hereinbefore directed, said bonds and the coupons
thereon, shall be called in and paid, and cancelled by the City Treasurer, in their
numerical order annually, to the amount and extent of such annual payments of the 
assessments, and the said interest on said bonds shall cease.

Section 6. The issuance of the bonds herein provided for shall be conclusive
evidence of the regularity of all proceedings up to the issuance of such bonds, and in
the event that the fund created by such special assessments shall be insufficient to

pay the said bonds as they become due, the deficiency, if any, shall be paid by the City
Treasurer, of the City of Las Vegas, out of the General Fund of said City and each of the

bonds issued under this ordinance shall contain a provision to that effect and said bonds

shall be exempt from City taxation.

Section 7. This ordinance shall take effect immediately after its adoption,
approval and publication in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas for one week.

Section 8. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for one

week.

PASSED AND ADOPTED this 8th day of March A. D., 1929, by the following vote of the
City Commissioners.

AYES: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German and Neagle and His Honor the Mayor, J. F.

Hesse.

NOES: None.

ABSENT: None.

APPROVED this 8th day of March, 1929.

J. F. Hesse

       -MAYOR OF THE CITY OF

LAS VEGAS

ATTEST:

Wm L. Scott

CITY CLERK AND CLERK OF THE
BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS.

(SEAL)

Pub. March 12, 14, 16, 1929.

STATE OF NEVADA) 	AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

COUNTY OF CLARK)

C. Russell Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is manager

of the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and the attached
Ordinance No. 134 of the City of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper
 for a period of One week from Mar, 12, to Mar. 19 1929 inclusive, being the
issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:	Mar. 12,14 and 16, 1929

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the charge for publishing the same was $186.30

Signed___________Russell Squires________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th day of March, 1929.

Wm. L. Scott,

County Clerk in and for
Clark County, Nevada.

(SEAL)
Ordinance No. 135	



	An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas defining "barber shops" and "barbers,"

prescribing the hours of opening and closing of barber shops, end providing a penalty,
and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith.

 THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Sec. 1. The word "barber" shall include one who shaves or trims the beard or cuts
or shampoos or dresses the hair or massages the face of any person for pay. A barber
shop is any place where the work or business of a barber is done for pay; provided that
"beauty parlors," are excepted from the provisions of this Ordinance, but "barber shops"
located in "beauty parlors" or persons doing barber work in "beauty parlors" are specifically
included within the provisions of this Ordinance.



Sec. 2. No barber shop shall be open for business earlier than eight o'clock A. M.,
nor shall any such barber shop close later than six o'clock P. M. throughout the year,
excepting on Saturdays and days preceding the following days: January 1, May 30, July 4,
Labor Day, November 11, Armistice Day, Thanksgiving and Christmas Days, when they shall
close not later than eight o'clock P. M. All shops shall remain closed on Sundays and on
January 1, May 30, July 4, Labor Day, November 11, Armistice Day, Thanksgiving and
Christman Days.

Sec. 3. Any person, firm or corporation violating the provisions of this Ordinance
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and on conviction shall be fined not less than twenty-
five dollars for the first offense, and not less than one hundred dollars for each 
subsequent offense, or by imprisonment in the City Jail until such fine is paid, not 
exceeding one day for each two dollars of such fine. It shall also be lawful for the Board
of City Commissioners to revoke any license for violation of this ordinance and to refuse
to issue a license to any person convicted of such violation.

Sec. 4. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby
repealed.

Sec. 5. .This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage and adoption and publication for one week (3 issues) in Las Vegas "Age", a tri-
weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 2nd day of May, 1929 upon the following vote: Commissioners

Smith, German and W. B. Mundy, Mayor Pro tem voting aye. Noes; None.

First reading April 15, 1929. Second reading May 2, 1929.

Approved this 2nd day of May, 1929.

_______J._F. Hesse__________________

Mayor.

Attest:

Wm. L. Scott_______

City Clerk.

(SEAL)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

C. P. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher
of the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed,
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the attached ordinance #l35 was continuously published in said newspaper
for a period of one week from May 7th, 1929, to May 11th, 1929 inclusive, being
the issues of said newspaper for the following dates: May 7, 9 and 11th 1929.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the above
dates above named. That the charge for publishing the same was $29.20.

before	Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to me this 13th day of May, 1929.

C. D. Breeze Notary.

My Commission expires May 26th, 1931.

Ordinance No. 136



	An Ordinance authorizing R. F. CRITTENDEN, and his assigns, to install, lay down

and maintain gas mains, distributing pipes and supply pipes, and all necessary and
proper appliances used in connection therewith or appurtenant thereto, in, through,
over, across, under and along all or any of the streets, alleys or public grounds of
the City of Las Vegas in carrying on the business of furnishing gas to the inhabitants
of said City for heating, lighting, power and other uses and purposes, and establishing
regulations and conditions in connection therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That a franchise be and the same is hereby granted to R. F. CRITTENDEN,
and to his assigns, to install, lay down and maintain gas mains and distributing pipes,
and supply pipes, and all necessary and proper appliances used in connection therewith,
or appurtenant thereto, in, through, over, across, under and along all or any of the
streets, alleys or public grounds of the said City of Las Vegas, including Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite, the original Townsite of Las Vegas and all additions and subdivisions
now existing as a part of said City and all additions and subdivisions which may hereafter 
be added to said City of Las Vegas during the life of this franchise, as the
grantee, or his assigns, may deem necessary or expedient in carrying on the business of
furnishing gas to the inhabitants of said City of Las Vegas for heating, lighting,
power and other uses and purposes.

Section 2. For the purposes aforesaid the said grantee, and his assigns, shall
have the right to make the necessary excavations in said streets, alleys and public
grounds; provided, the said grantee, or his assigns, shall:

(a)	In all cases, after making any excavations in the streets, alleys or public
grounds, promptly restore such street, alley or public ground to its former condition.

(b)	Fully observe all of the ordinances and regulations of said City of Las Vegas
now in existence, or which may hereafter be adopted, relative to the making of 
excavations in such streets, alleys and public grounds.

(c)	At all times hold said City of Las Vegas free, and harmless from any and all
liability, damages, costs, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by reason of damage to
persons or property caused by such excavations made in such streets, alleys or public
grounds.

Section 3. As further conditions upon which this franchise is granted, it is
provided:

1.	That the municipal authorities shall further have the power to make all
necessary rules and regulations for the laying and maintaining of all such mains,
distributing pipes, supply pipes, appliances and appurtenances, and shall have power
to change the rules and regulations from time to time as in their judgment may seem
just and proper.

2.	The municipal authorities shall also have the right to direct the change in
location at any time of such gas mains, distributing pipes, supply pipes, appliances
and appurtenances, and to establish and change the grades of said streets, alleys and
public grounds.

3.	Said grantee, and his assigns, shall at all times keep said gas mains,
distributing pipes, supply pipes, appliances and appurtenances in proper condition and
repair, so that the same shall not damage or obstruct the use of said streets, alleys
or public grounds for travel or for public uses by reason of leakages or otherwise.

Section 4. A violation of any of the provisions of this Franchise shall be
grounds for and entitle said City to revoke and annul this franchise in whole or in
part, or said City may pursue such other remedy or course as the law permits. Said
City hereby reserves all rights incident to the grantor of a municipal franchise, and
this Franchise is granted subject to the supervisory regulation and control by the
by the Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada of the business of so furnishing
gas to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas by said grantee and his assigns.

Section 5. This Franchise shall not be construed to authorize the grantee, or his
assigns, to use or to acquire any rights in, any of the streets, alleys or public grounds
of the City of Las Vegas inconsistent with the future legitimate use of such streets,
alleys or public grounds by said City of Las Vegas, nor shall the grant hereby made
operate in itself nor by lapse of time or by the expenditure of money by grantee, or his
assigns, as an estoppel against said City of Las Vegas in any respect whatsoever. Nor
shall this Franchise be construed as a grant of any right or privilege adverse to the
rights of any abutting owner or owners of property along any of the streets, alleys or
public grounds where said pipes, mains, appliances or appurtenances may be placed or
maintained by said grantee, or his assigns, nor to establish any rights in the grantee,
or his assigns, contrary to or inconsistent with the right of the original dedicators of
said streets, alleys or public grounds, or their assigns.

Section 6. That in case the said grantee, or his assigns, discontinue, refuse or
neglect to manufacture and supply gas to the said City or its inhabitants, insofar as
permitted by said Public Service Commission to do so, at any time for and during the term
of six months at any one time after the period hereinafter prescribed for the completion
of the gas plant and the commencement of furnishing of gas to the inhabitants of said City
then this ordinance and franchise shall be null and void, and the City Commissioners may
order the removal of the mains, pipes, appliances and appurtenances, so installed, laid
down or placed by said grantee, or his assigns, in, through, over, across, under or along
the public streets, alleys or public grounds of said City of Las Vegas, and may declare
the same a public nuisance; provided, that before this ordinance and franchise shall
become null and void, or any action taken as in this paragraph provided, the Board of
Commissioners shall first give to said grantee, or his assigns, thirty days notice in
writing to comply with the provisions of this paragraph.

Section 7. Within six months after the passage of this Ordinance the said grantee,
or his assigns, shall file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a plat
of the mains proposed to be laid, showing proposed location and position thereof.

Section 8. The work of installing, and laying down of said mains and pipes shall be
commenced within six months after the passage of this Ordinance, and said work shall be
completed and the gas plant be in operation and furnishing gas to the inhabitants of the
City of Las Vegas within one year after the passage of this Ordinance.

Section 9. The privileges hereby granted to said grantee shall inure to the benefit
of said grantee, and his assigns, for the period of fifty years from and after the passage
 of this Ordinance; provided, said grantee shall not be entitled to assign this
franchise or any rights thereunder without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners
of said City first had and obtained in writing, except that permission is hereby given to
said grantee to assign this Franchise to a corporation to be organized by said grantee;
and in the event of such assignment the provisions hereinbefore made against assignment
without written consent shall thereafter apply to said corporation, and to its successors
and assigns.

Section 10. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage and publication and acceptance, and the grantee herein shall pay the expense of
publishing the same. This Ordinance shall be published for one week in Las Vegas Evening
Review, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas. Acceptance hereof by said
grantee shall be filed in writing with the City Clerk of said City within thirty days
from the date, of passage of this Ordinance.

Passed and adopted on the 2nd day of May 1929, the vote on said Ordinance being as
follows: Commissioners Smith, German and Mayor Pro tem Mundy voting aye. Noes, None.

First reading April 15, 1929. Second reading May 2, 1929.

Approved May 2nd, 1929.

J. F. Hesse
Mayor

Attest:	

Wm M. Scott_____________

City Clerk.

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA, )

) ss.

County of Clark,)

A. E. Cahlan, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is editor of the

LAS VEGAS REVIEW, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No.

136 was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of every day for one week
from May 7 to May 13 inc, 1929 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: May 7, 8, 9,10, 11, 13, 1929 That said newspaper was regularly

issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed ____A. E. Cahlan

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of May, 1929.	

C. D. Breeze____________________

My commission Expires Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

May 26, 1931
 ORDINANCE NO. 137.



 An Ordinance Creating The Office Of City Electrical Inspector, And Prescribing

  His Duties, Creating and Establishing The Bureau Of Electrical Inspection
And Defining The Duties And Powers Of Said Bureau, Providing for The Issuance Of
Permits For Installing Electrical Construction And Fixing The Fees Therefor; 
Regulating The installation Of Electrical Construction, Maintenance And Repairs Of
Electrical Wiring, Apparatus, Or Equipment For Light Heat Power, Within, Upon Or
Attached, To Buildings, Structures, Lots Or Premises Within The City Of Las Vegas
And Providing A Penalty For The Violations Of This Ordinance.

The Board Of City Commissioners Of the City Of Las Vegas do ordain as Follows;
Section 1. (a) That all electrical construction in the City of Las Vegas
shall be in conformity with approved methods of construction for the safety to
life, and property. It is hereby ordained that the National Electrical Code, as
approved by the American Standards Association and the use of materials and fittings
in conformity with the standards of the National Board of Fire Underwriters'
Laboratories shall be accepted as the prima facie evidence of approved methods.

(b) The term "Electrical Construction" as used in this ordinance shall be
held to include and govern work, and materials used in installing, maintaining
and/or extending a system of electrical wiring for lights, heat or power, and all
appurtenances thereto and all apparatus or equipment used in connection therewith,
within, upon, or attached to any building, structure, lot, or premises, except
central stations, power houses and sub-stations belonging to electric light or
power companies operating as a Public Utility under a franchise or Certificate of
Public Convenience granted by the Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada,
 and any and all equipment, transmission lines, and service supply lines
necessary to maintain, operate, and conduct their business.

Section 11. (a) There is hereby created, and established the office of
City Electrical Inspector. The person chosen to fill the office of City Electrical
Inspector shall be appointed by the Board Of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas.

The duties and powers of the said City Electrical Inspector shall be
such as are in this ordinance prescribed

(b)	There is hereby created, and established a Bureau Of Electrical
Inspection, and said bureau to consist of three (3) members as follows: The Mayor

of the City of Las Vegas, The Chief of the Fire Department of the City of Las
Vegas, and the City Electrical Inspector of the City of Las Vegas.

The duties of said bureau shall be such as prescribed in this 
Ordinance and to establish from time to time such reasonable rules and regulations
as may be required for the more specific governing and control of the installation
of electrical construction as embodied in this or or, as may be embodied in other
ordinances of the City of Las Vegas. The Electrical Inspector shall be the Secretary
 of said Bureau.

(c)	The Electrical Inspector shall issue permits make inspections
and shall keep complete records of all permits and inspections and shall perform
such other official duties as may be required under the provisions of this Ordinance.
 'The Electrical Inspector shall, pay all monies collected from fees for

permits etc. to the City Treasurer monthly rendering a detailed statement and 
report thereof.

Section 111. The Electrical Inspector shall have the right during reasonable
 hours to enter any building or premises in the discharge of his official
duties, or for the purpose of making any inspection or test of the installation of
electrical construction, or electrical apparatus contained therein. It shall be unlawful 
for any person firm, or corporation to hinder or interfere with the Electrical
 Inspector in the discharge of his duties under this ordinance. It shall
be unlawful for any person firm, or corporation, either as an owner, architect, or contractor,
artisan or other wise, to do, or cause or permit to be done, any electrical construction
 me any installing of electrical apparatus or fixtures in such manner
that the same shall not conform to all the provisions of this Ordinance.

PERMITS.

SECTION IV. (a) A permit shall be required to do any electrical 
construction of any character, install any electrical wiring, apparatus or equipment
 or make any extensions or changes to existing wiring systems for light, heat,
or power, within, upon, or attached to any building, structure, lot or premises 
except the repairing or replacing of switches or sockets in any existing system
of wiring or the repairing or replacing of switches or sockets or installing
extensions of less than ten feet to any existing wiring system in a dwelling. A
permit must be secured within twenty-four (24) hours after commencing the installation
of electrical construction and the failure to do so shall be deemed prima
facie evidence of violation of the provisions of this ordinance.

(b) Fees, according to the following schedule, shall be charged, and paid
to the Bureau of Electrical Inspection, before any permit shall be issued, Namely;

(l) Where the number of outlets (at which current is to be used and/
or controlled)	is	five	or	less,	$1.00

between 6	and	10 	inclusive	1.50

"	11	"	20	"	2.00

"	21	"	30	"		2.50

"	51	"	50	"	3.00

for each outlet in excess of fifty (50) at the rate of five (0.05) cents each.

In addition to the foregoing:

(2)	Where lighting fixtures are installed and the number of the
lighting fixtures is

Five or less 	$1.00

Between	6 and	10 Inclusive	1 50

"	11	"	20	"	2.00

"		21	"	30	"	2.50

"	31	"	50	"	3.00

for each lighting fixture in excess of fifty (50) at the rate of five ($0.05) cents
each.

(30) For each inspection made necessary by reason of defective	

workmanship or materials	$1.00

(4)	For the inspection of an electrical construction, equipment, 
 or installation for which fee is herein prescribed there shall be

charged a fee per hour or fraction thereof of	$1.00

(5)	For each motor not exceeding five (5) horse power $1.00	
(6)	For each motor more than five (5) horse power, and not exceeding ten

(10) horsepower	$2.00

(7)	For each	motor	exceeding (10) horsepower 4.00

(8)	Electric	Signs	2.00

(9)	Ceiling Fans (Each)	.25

The Electrical inspector may give temporary permission to furnish electric
 current to, or the use of electric current, through any wires or other equipment
for a length of time not to exceed thirty (30) days, if it appears to the Electrical
inspector that such wire etc. may safely be used, and that there exists an urgent
necessity for such use and special permission. In this case a special tag or marker
shall be attached in a suitable place on the work, and shall show the date, location
such special approval, date of expiration of such permission, and signature of the
inspector.

Temporary Permits for the use of lights and/or motors inbuildings in the
course of construction or undergoing repairs shall be issued to cover a period of
thirty (30) days upon payment of one ($1.00) Dollar.

Temporary Permits shall be issued to cover a period of thirty (30) days
for the use of current for outdoor attractions, such as circuses, carnivals, shows,
fairs, boxing, and wrestling matches etc. as follows:

Where the person or firm or organization conducting such attraction
has held, and maintained their residence for (60) days or more in the City of Las
Vegas, the payment shall be --------------------------------$1.00

Where the person firm or organization conducting such attraction has
not held, or maintained their residence for sixty (60) days or more in the City of
Las Vegas, the payment shall be,-----------------------------$5.00.

SPECIAL RULES AND REGULATIONS.__

SECTION V. The installation of service switches, meter boards, meter loops
and service wires, etc; shall be installed in conformity with the approved methods of
construction for safety to life, and property. Installation in conformity with the
rules and regulations as laid down by any firm or corporation in Las Vegas serving
current (operating as a Public Utility under a franchise or Certificate of Convenience
granted by the Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada) and approved by the
Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada or as laid down in the National
Electrical Code shall be accepted as prima facie evidence of approved methods.

SECTION VI. For the purpose of this ordinance to regulate the issuing
of permits and in fixing the inspection fees covering same, each recording watt-hour
meter and all sub-feeder wires and branch circuit wires connecting the same shall be
construed as one service, and a separate permit must be issued for each service.

Rigid conduit shall be required for all wires used to conduct current for
lights, heat, and power, in the wiring of new buildings, the re-wiring of old buildings
and in the installation of new wiring in old buildings or additions thereto within
the fire limits or fire zone of the City of Las Vegas, as they are now or may hereafter
be established.

Rigid conduit shall also be required for all wires used to conduct current
for lights, heat, power in the wiring of new buildings, rewirings of old buildings and the installation of
new wiring in old buildings or additions thereto not within the fire limits or the
fire zone of the City of Las Vegas (as they now or may here after be established), provided
 such building or addition is to be occupied by a church, a school, a theater,
a hotel, a public building, a garage so constructed as to permit the storing of three
or more cars (private or public) a gasoline filling station or an apartment house consisting
of more than two apartments.

The use of flexible conduit will be approved where it is impracticable
to install rigid conduit by obtaining special permission from the Electrical Inspector.

All conduit used in underground installations shall be galvanized.

The use of non-metallic sheathed cable shall not be permitted.

Bell transformers shall be installed in an accessible place and shall be
fused and such fuses shall not be larger that ten (10) ampere capacity.

Lights installed upon gasoline pumps shall be wired in duplex lead covered
wires.			

Lamps and sockets within filling stations shall be inclosed in vapor-tight

globes.

Under ground service wires shall be in lead covered cable. 

All cutout panelboards shall be in dead-front type.

Installations requiring more than two circuits shall be equipped with
standard approved cabinets.

Each outlet for fixtures shall be provided with a fixture stud fastened to
the box by means of stove bolts or other approved methods.

Drop cords commonly known as "green and yellow cord" used as part of a 
fixture shall not exceed three (3) feet in length.

All conduit and metal cable shall be secured to boxes, cabinets, plates,
etc. by means of one lock nut inside and one outside of boxes, etc; or by other approved methods.

The bridging of a fuse block or switch with wire or coin or the fusing
of any conductor above its rated capacity shall be prohibited.

A group of small buildings or cabins may be wired from one meter service
board or source of supply, provided each cabin or, dwelling is protected by an enclosed
fused disconnect switch, and such switch shall be not more that 8 feet and six inches
nor less that 6 feet from the level ground.

MOTORS.

SECTION VII. All motors exceeding one-quarter (¼) horsepower shall be
wired in conduit.

disconnecting switch shall be placed on the line side of each motor of
more that one-quarter (¼) horsepower and shall be within sight and not more that ten
(10) feet distant from the motor.

All alternating current motors having a normal rated capacity of over one
(l) horse power when not equipped with approved starting devices or when hot properly
protected with approval thermal cutouts must be provided with both starting and
running fuses and controlled with an approved double throw spring switch designed to
so it will not stay in starting position when released.

All single phase motors having a normal rated capacity of five (5) horsepower
or more and all three (3) phase motors having a normal rated capacity of seven
and one half (7½) horsepower or more shall be provided with an approved compensator
or equivalent device to reduce the excessive starting current required. Overload
relays used with compensators shall have all connections enclosed within an approval
metal box.
Polyphase motors not larger that ten (10) horsepower capacity, if furnished
with approved starting devices arranged for push button control, may be started 
directly on the line, provided the rated capacity of any one such motor does not 
exceed thirty per cent (30%) of the connected power load.

CIRCUIT CAPACITY.

SECTION VIII. All wiring installations shall be so constructed as to produce
a drop voltage of not to exceed two (2) volts in one hundred and fifteen (115)
volt single phase circuits, four (4) volts in two hundred and thirty (230) volt
single phase circuits, and five (5) volts in two hundred and thirty volt (230)
three phase circuits.

The minimum wattage required per outlet shall be in accordance with the
following table;

(1) Public Buildings, School Buildings, Hotels, Assembly Halls, Club Houses,
Mfg. Plants, Public-Garages, Commercial Buildings, Stores, etc.

Ceiling Outlets	200	Watts

Bracket outlets	50	"

Storage rooms, hallways, closets, toilets                    50	"

The capacity of any circuit for lighting shall not exceed one thousand (1,000)
watts, except for Signs and Outline Lighting in which case all of the requirements
as recommended in the National Electrical Code shall be accepted, and employed.

The minium wattage for display cases and show window lighting shall be 
computed in accordance with the recommendations of the National Electrical Code.

Convenience outlets must be wired on separate circuits from lighting circuits
and not more that four (4) convenience outlets shall be wired with No. Fourteen (14)
wire on one circuit. Eight (8) convenience outlets may be wired with No. Twelve (12)
wire on one circuit.

(2) Residences, Flats Apartments, Cabins;	

Ceiling outlets (Living room)	150 Watts

"	"	( In all other rooms)	100	"

Bracket Outlets	50	"

Garage Outlets		100	"

The capacity of any circuit for lighting shall is not exceed one thousand
(1,000) watts.

Convenience outlets must be wired on separate circuits from lighting
circuits and not more than four (4) convenience outlets shall be wired with NO. 

Fourteen (14) wire on one circuit. Eight (8) convenience outlets may be wired with No.
Twelve (12) wire on one circuit.

INSPECTION RULES.

SECTION IX. All wires which are to be hidden from view shall be 
inspected before concealment and any person firm or corporation installing such wires
shall notify the Inspection Bureau to make the required inspection before such wires
are concealed, and no person shall conceal the same until permission has been obtained
from the Inspection Bureau in writing.

Permission to cover work to be concealed shall indicate by attaching a
tag or other marker to the work in a suitable place and shall show the date location,
that such permission has been granted, and the signature of the inspector. Approval
of fixtures, signs, and/or any apparatus used with electric lamps or other form of
electrical lighting or other devices customarily or frequently installed under separate
contract shall be in dictated by attaching a tag or marker to the work in a suitable
place and shall show the date, location, approval and signature of the inspector.

Upon completion and approval of a job there shall be a tag or marker
attached to the service switch, granting permission to the power company or other
serving agency to connect the installation for use. This tag shall show the date
location, approval, permission and signature of the inspector.

It shall be unlawful for any electric power company or other serving
agency or for any officer, servant, agent or employee of such power company to connect
its power lines or service wires to any installation of electrical construction
until such installation has been approved by the Electrical Inspector as in this
ordinance provided.

Where approval is withheld, a written notice stating defects in the work
shall be given to the person, firm or corporation to whom the permit was issued.

In event of any conflict or inconsistency between any requirement herein
 given or prescribed and any requirement of and law, order, rules or regulations of
the State of Nevada concerning the same matter and applying to the case under consideration,
 that the requirement which, in the opinion of the electrical Inspector,
prescribes and establishes the high standard of safety for life and property shall
take precedence and be complied with.

TERMS OF OFFICE QUALIFICATIONS. COMPENSATION, ETC. OF
ELECTRICAL INSPECTOR.

SECTION X. The City Electrical Inspector shall hold office during the
pleasure of the Board of City Commissioners. He must qualify within ten days from
the time of	his appointment by taking the constitutional oath of office and filing a

	bond in the	sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with the City Clerk, the same to

	be approved	by the said Board of City Commissioners, or some officer delegated to

	approve the	same by the said Board of City Commissioners. The City Electrical 

Inspector shall be entitled to receive and shall be paid monthly an amount equal to the
fees collected hereunder each month, up to but not to exceed Two Hundred ($200.00)
Dollars, and such amount shall be full compensation for all services rendered; provided,
 however, that the city shall not be liable in any respect for the differences
between the amount of the fees collected and the said sum of Two Hundred ($200.00)
Dollars.

RESPONSIBILITY.

SECTION XI. This ordinance shall not be constructed to relieve from or lessen
the responsibility or liability of any party owing, controlling, operating or installing
 any electrical construction and/or electrical material for damages to the person

or property caused by any defect therein, nor shall the City be held as assuming any
such liability by reason of the inspection authorized herein, or certificate of
inspection issued as herein provided.
	CONSTITUTIONALITY	

SECTION XII. If any section, sub-section, clause or phrase of this ordinance
reason held to be unconstitutional such decision shell not effect the
validity of the remaning portions of this ordinance. The Board of City Commissioners
hereby declares that it would have passed this ordinance, and each section subsection,
 sentence, clause and phrase thereof, irrespective of the fact that any one
or more other sections, sub-sections, sentences, clauses, or phrases shall be declared
unconstitutional.

PENALTY

SECTION XIII. (a) Every person, firm, or corporation violating any of the
provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon 

conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than five ($5.00) Dollars
nor more than three hundred ($300.00) or by imprisonment in the city jail for a 
period of not less than two days (2), nor more than one hundred and fifty (150) days
or by both such fine, and imprisonment.	

(b) Every person, firm or Corporation violating any of the provisions of this
ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a separate offence for each day or portion there
of during which such violation continues, and shall be punishable therefor as
herein provided.

DATE OF EFFECT.

SECTION XIV. This ordinance shall take effect upon its passage and
publication for one week (six issues) In Las Vegas Review a daily newspaper published
 in the City of Las Vegas. This ordinance shall not apply to installation now
under course of construction or for which contracts have all ready been signed if
exemption is claimed as hereinafter provided. It shall be the duty of each electrical
 contractor to present such claims for exemption to the Bureau of Electrical
Inspection within 48 hours from the time this ordinance becomes effective in
order to take advantage of the exemption herein provided.

SECTION XV. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith
are hereby repealed.

I hereby certify that the fore going ordinance was read for the second
time and passed at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners	

held on the 11th day of June 1929 by the following vote, viz; Commissioners
Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye.

Noes None.

First reading May 2nd, 1929.

Second reading June llth, 1929.

Approved this 11th day of June 1929.

J. F. Hesse.

	Mayor.

City Seal.

Attest

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) SS
County of Clark)



F. F. Garside, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: That he is publisher
of the Las Vegas Review, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed, and published
 at Las Veras, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that that attached
Ordinance No. 137 was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of every
day for one week from June 12 to June 18 inc. inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: June 12, 13, 14,15, 17, 18.

That said newspaper was regularly issues and circulated on each of the dates
above named.

Signed	F. F. Garside

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th day of June 1929.

C. D Breeze

Notary Public in and for

My Commission Expires	Clark County Nevada.

May 26th 1931.

ORDINANCE NO. 138.



	An ordinance regulating the collection and fixing and establishing rates,

	and compensation to be collected by any person, company or corporation collecting 

	garbage in the City of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance No. 80 of the City of Las

 Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Regulating the Storage and 

Removal of Garbage, Offal, and Refuse, Animal and Vegetable Matter" approved January
6th, 1921, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1. That the rates of compensation to be collected by any person,
company or corporation collecting garbage within the City of Las Vegas shall be as
follows:

A. For the removal of garbage, if any, from each residence, house, home,
or place occupied by one family as living quarters, the maximum rate collected from
the owner, occupant, tenant or lessee of such residence, house, home or place for
a regular twice a week removal of garbage during the Months of May, June, July and
August, and for the removal one a week of such garbage during the months of September,
October, Novemver, December, January February, March, and April, shall not exceed
One Dollar ($1.00) per month.
cafe, restaurant, apartment house, flat, boarding house or building occupied by more )
that one family, or place where food is served to the public, the maximum rate collected
from the owner, occupant, tenant, or lessee of such business house, building, hotel
cafe, restaurant, apartment house, boarding house, or building occupied by more than
one family, or place where food is served to the public, for the daily removal of
such garbage shell not exceed Two Dollars and fifty Cents ($2.50) per month.

C. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as preventing an authorized garbage
collector from charging a less rate or charge for the collection of garbage than
fixed herein.

Section 2. For the purpose of the ordinance, the word "garbage" shall be held to
include and mean kitchen and table refuse and offal, swill, and also every accumulation
of animal, vegetable and other matter that attends the preparation, consumption, decay
or dealing or storage of meats, fish, fowls, birds, fruits, or vegetables; refuse, crockery
bottles, tin vessels, trimmings from lawns and flower gardens, pasteboard boxes, paper
straw, packing materials, boxes, ashes, and all non-combustible waste matters.

Section 5. At such time as there is in force a contract entered into by
the City of Las Vegas with any person, company or corporation for the collection of
garbage in the city, it shall be unlawful for any person, other than the persons in
the employ of the contractor having said contract, to collect, haul or remove any
garbage within the City of Las Vegas, and it shall be unlawful for any person to
interfere in any manner with the collection or disposal of garbage by the person or
persons authorized to do so.

Any person, company or corporation producing garbage shall place all wet
garbage in a suitable container, apart from the dry garbage so that such garbage may
be most conveniently handled under such restrictions as the Board of Health of the City
of Las Vegas may from time to time impose upon such person, company, or corporation
producing garbage.

It shall be unlawful for any such person, company corporation to sell or
dispose of such garbage. All of it must be delivered to the City fo Las Vegas, its
agents or contracts, for the removal, and disposal.

For the purpose of this "Ordinance", "wet Garbage" shall beheld to include
and mean kitchen and table refuse, and offal, swill, and also every accumulation of 
animal, vegetable, and other matter that attends the preparations, consumption, decay,
or dealing in or storage of meats, fish, fowls, birds, fruits or vegetables.

Section 4. It shall be the duty of any person contracting with the City of Las 
Vegas for the collection or disposal of garbage to comply with the Ordinances of the
City of Las Vegas, and also with such orders and regulations as may be made by the Board of
of Health.

Section 5. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof, shall punished a fine
of not less than Five Dollars, and not exceeding Fifty Dollars, or by imprisonment
in the City Jail until such fine is paid, at the rate of not exceeding one day for
each two dollars of such fine in case such fine is not paid, or by imprisonment in

the City Jail for a period of not to exceed thirty (30) days, or by both such fine,

and imprisonment.

Section 6. Ordinance No. 80 of the City of Las Vegas entitled; "An Ordinance
of the City of Las Vegas regulating the storage and removal of garbage, offal and refuse,
 animal, and vegetable matter" approved January 6, 1921 and all ordinances, and
parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 7. This ordinance shall take effect and be in operation on and after its adoption 	and 

publication for a period of one week (three issues) in the Las

Vegas, Age a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

I hereby certify that the fore going ordinance was read for a first time at
a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners on the 6th of June 1929, and read
for a second time and passed at a recessed regular meeting of the said Board on the 5th
day of July 1929, and upon the following vote, viz: Commissioners Thomas, Smith, Hansell
and German, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

Approved this 5th day of July 1929.

J. F. Hesse

Mayor.

Attest

Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.



State of Nevada)

County of Clark) SS

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, and deposes and says: that he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age a Tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation printed, and published at
Las Vegas in the County of Clark State of Nevada and that the Ordinance No. 138 of the
City of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of 3 
issues from July 9th 1929 to July 13th 1929 inclusive, being the issues of the said
newspaper for the following dates to-wit: July 9, 11 and 13 1929. That said newspaper
was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named, That the charge

for publishing the same was $50.00.

Signed C.P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th day of July 1929.

C. D. Breeze

Notary in and for Clark County Nevada.

My Commission expires May 26th, 1931.

(Seal)
ORDINANCE NUMBER 139



	An Ordinance Vacating a Portion of Lewis Street in Wardie Addition to the City of

 Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada for high school purposes.

THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That in order to promote the public welfare of the said City of Las
Vegas, it is hereby ordained and directed that the following portion of Lewis Street in
Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada in said City of Las Vegas
to-wit: That portion of said Lewis Street lying between the North property line
of Block number nine (9) and the South property line in Block number eight (8) in said
Wardie Addition, for the entire width of said two blocks, be and the same is hereby vacated
 for the use of Clark County Educational District No. 2 in the County of Clark
State of Nevada the owner, and occupant of said two blocks abutting upon said portion

of said Lewis Street for high school purposes. Provided however that said portion of said Lewis Street, 

shall be closed and kept closed after the passage of this Ordinance solely by and at the	expense of the	 said Clark

 County Educational District No. 2.

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect, and be in force from, and after its

passage, and publication for one week (three Issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 19th day of June 1929, and read for a second time and passed at a recessed

regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 5th day of July 1929,

upon the following vote: Commissioners German, Smith, Thomas, and Hansell, and his

Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

Approved this 5th day of July 1929

J. F Hesse.

Mayor.

Attest
Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) ss

County of Clark)

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher
 of the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed, and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance Number 139 of the City of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper
 for a period of three issues from July 9 1929 to July 13 1929 inclusive, being
the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 9. 11 and 13 1929
That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named, That the charge for publishing the same was $18.40.

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th day of July 1929.

My Commission expires May 26th, 1931.	C. D. Breeze

(Seal) 	Notary Public in and for the County

ORDINANCE NO. 140.	of Clark Nev.

	An Ordinance creating the office of Deputy City Attorney, prescribing the Powers,

 and Duties of such officer, defining his qualifications, and providing compensation
for such office.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows;

Section 1. The office of Deputy City Attorney is hereby created. The Board of
Commissioners of the said City may appoint a Deputy City Attorney when in their judgment
 such appointment may be necessary, and such officer shall hold office during the 
pleasure of said Board. No person shall be appointed such office unless he be at the
time qualified to practice law in the State of Nevada.

Section 2. Such Deputy City Attorney shall have power to transact all official
business appertaining to the office of City Attorney, subject to the direction and control
 of the City Attorney.

Section 3. Before entering on the duties of his office such Deputy City Attorney
shall take, and subscribe to the official oath provided by the constitution of the State
and shall give bond in such sum as shall be fixed by the Board, payable to the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, conditioned for the faithful discharge of the duties of
such office, which bond shall be signed by the principal and by two or more good, and
sufficient sureties or by a surety company qualified to do business in the State of Nevada
for the then current year, such bond to be approved by the Board.

Section 4. The compensation, if any, of such Deputy City Attorney shall be
fixed and determined by Resolution of such Board, and such compensation may be changed
from time to time in the same manner.

Section 5. This ordinance shall take effect, and be inforce from, and after its

passage, and publication for a period of one week (3 issues) in the Las Vegas Age,

a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed, by the Board of Commissioners as an emergency Ordinance, after

the 	adoption of a Resolution by said Board showing that a necessity existed for the

immediate adoption thereof, upon the following vote: Commissioners Smith, Thomas, Hansell,
and German, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None. Read for a first
and second time this 5th day of July 1929.

Approved this 5th day of July 1929.

J. F. Hesse,

Attest: Viola Burns City Clerk.	Mayor.
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

SATE OF NEVADA)

County of Clark) ss

C. P. Squires being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of
the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
 at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
 Ordinance Number 140 of the City of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper

 for a period of three issues from July 9 1929 to July 15 1929 inclusive, being
the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 9, 11, 15, 1929.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the charge for the publishing of the same was $20.10.

Signed C. P. Squires.______________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th day of July 1929.

C. D. Breezy.

Notary Public in and for the County of
Clark, Nevada.

My Commission expires May 26th, 1931.

(Seal)



	ORDINANCE NO. 141.	



	An Ordinance Regulating the Parking of Vehicles in Certain Portions of the

 City of Las Vegas, and Providing a penalty for the Violations Thereof, and Other
  Matter Relating thereto.

	

	The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as follows;

Section 1. When ever in this Ordinance the following terms are used they
shall have the meanings respectively ascribed to them in this section.

Park. To stand vehicle for a period of time greater than is reasonably
necessary for the actual loading or unloading of persons or materials.

Business District. The territory contiguous to a street when fifty per
cent (50%) or more of the frontage thereon for a distance of three hundred (300) feet
or more is occupied by buildings in use for retail or wholesale business; also any
territory contiguous to a street which is immediately adjacent to or a continuation
of a street within a business district when such territory is so designated by the
Chief of Police.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for the operator of any vehicle to park
the same upon the any street for the purpose of displaying it for sale, or to park
any vehicle upon any street in any business district from which said vehicle 
merchandise is being sold.

Section 3. No vehicle shall be left standing over night in any of the
alleys of and business district in said City of Las Vegas.

Section 4. No vehicle shall at any time be parked in any of the alleys
of said city in such a manner as to obstruct traffic therein, and no vehicle shall
at any time be parked be parked in any of the alleys of a business district in said
City of Las Vegas.

Section 5. An person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions
of this Ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof
shall be punished by a fine of not less than five dollars, nor more than one hundred
dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not less than two
and one half days nor more than fifty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 6. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from, and after
its passage and publication for one week (three issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a
tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed as an emergency ordinance by a unanimous, concent of the whole
Board at a recessed regular meeting this 5th day of July 1929 upon the following vote;
Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse
voting Aye. Noes None.	First and second reading July 5th, 1929.

Approved this 5th day of July 1929.

J. F. Hesse

		Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

	AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA.) 	

County of Clark ) ss

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: That he is publisher of
the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
No. 141 of the City of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for
a period of three issues from July 9 1929 to July 13 1929 inclusive, being the issues
of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 9, 11 and 13 1929. That said 

newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the

charge for publishing the same was $25.00.

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to me this 13th day of July 1929.
			C. D. Breeze	

My commission Expires May 26th 1931.	Notary Public in and for Clark County

 (Seal) 	Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO. 142.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by the constructing,
 erecting and installing an ornamental street lighting system on certain streets, and
portions of streets in said City; describing definitely the location of said improvements
providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessment
district, hereby established, according to benefits, except where, by the Charter of
the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required to be paid from the general
fund of the City of Las Vegas, and other matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has determined
to make the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, said improvements to be made
in accordance with the plats, diagrams, and estimates of cost on file in the office of the
City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

To construct, erect, and install an ornamental street lighting system complete,
including conduits, cables, standards, lighting units and all appurtenances thereto upon
the following streets, and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas:

In Clark's Las Vegas Townsite

The easterly side of Main Street from the northerly side of Bridger Street to
the southerly side of stewart Street.

Fremont Street from the easterly side of Main Street to the westerly side of
Fifth Street.

The Westerly side of Fifth Street from the northerly side of Bridger Street
to the southerly side of Stewart Street.

In Hawkin's Addition______

The easterly side of Fifth Street from the northerly side of Bridger Street
to the southerly side of Stewart Street.

SECTION 2. That the cost, and expense of making such improvements, as described
 in Section 1 of this Ordinance, shall be paid by special assessment to be made according
 to benefits upon taxable lots, and premises situate in the special assessment district,
 hereby created, composed of the following lands, to-wit;

In Clark's Las Vegas Townsite

Lots 1 to 16, both number inclusive, in Block 4; lots 1 to 16, both numbers
inclusive in Block 3; lots 27 to 31, both number inclusive in Block 3; Lots 1 to 21, both
numbers inclusive in, in Block 2; lots 1 to 16, both numbers inclusive in Block 1; lots
11 to 22, both numbers inclusive, in block 15; lots 11 to 2, both numbers inclusive in
Block 18; lots 11 to 22, both numbers inclusive in Block 31; lots 11 to 32, both numbers

inclusive in Block 34; lots 17 to 32, both numbers inclusive in Block 33; lots 1, to

12, both numbers inclusive and lots 23 to 32, both numbers inclusive in Block 35; lots 17
to 32 both number inclusive in Block 35; lots 1 to 12, both numbers inclusive in Block 

30; lots 1 to 12, both numbers inclusive, in block 19; lots 1 to 12 both numbers inclusive,

 in Block 14.

In Hawkin's Addition

Lots 1 to 10 both numbers inclusive in Block 1; lots 1 to 16, both numbers
inclusive in Block 2; lots 1 to 6, both number inclusive and lots 13 to 22, both numbers
inclusive in Block in Block 3; lots 1 to 16, both numbers inclusive in block 4,
except where by the Charter of the of the City of Las Vegas, certain portions thereof
are required to bo paid from the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas shall
hereafter by ordinance, be empowered, and authorized and directed to prepare a special
assessment roll which shall include the lots, and premises and owners as provided for in
the City Charter of the City of Las Vegas. After said special assessment roll as herein
provided for shall have been prepared, and submitted, it shall be reported to the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and thereafter, it shall be filed in the

office of the City Clerk, and numbered, and notice thereof shall be given to all persons

whose names appear thereon, and to all persons interested, of the time when said Board
of City Commissioners and Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review the the, assessment
 at which time the said Board of City Commissioners shall hear any and all suggestions
  and objections that may be filed against the said assessment, and shall at
that or some adjourned meeting, correct the same, or confirm it as reported or corrected, 

they may refer it back to the Ex-officio City Assessor for revision, or annul
it, an direct a new assessment, and proceed as in the City Charter directed, until
the same be confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners; when said assessment

roll has been confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners, the City Clerk shall make

an endorsement upon the said assessment roll showing the date of confirmation as provided
provided in the Charter and shall thereupon deliver said roll, as confirmed by the Board
of City Commissioners with his certificate of such confirmation and of the date thereof,
 to the County Assessor, acting ex-officio assessor,— and the said County Assessor,
 acting ex-officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record
 the said assessment roll as in the Charter provided, and append thereto his
certificate of the date of such recording. Whereupon from said date all persons shall
deemed to have notice of the contents of the same and when said roll is so indorsed and
recorded, it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts, and tribunals of the regularity
 of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the, and of the validity
 of said assessments and assessment roll, by the Board of City Commissioners;
after the said special assessment roll has been confirmed and recorded, the several
amounts levied thereon, shall be due, and payable and shall constitute and be a lien
upon the respective lots, and parcels of land and improvements assessed, and shall be
charged against the persons and properties until paid.

Section 4. That as soon as the said special assessment roll, as provided for
in Section 3 of this ordinance, shall have been confirmed and recorded, the several
amounts contained therein and levied on and against the properties therein, shall be
due, and payable at once, and shall be paid to the County Treasurer, and Ex-officio
Tax Receiver of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and be by that officer paid
into and credited to the Special Fund to be known as and called "Las Vegas Special 1929
Street Lighting Improvement Fund," and all costs and expenses incurred in making said
improvements, as in this ordinance contained, shall be charged to and paid out of said
fund. Provided, however, that in the event it becomes necessary to draw on the General
 Fund of the City fo Las Vegas to defray any of the coasts and expenses of taking
any of said improvements, except as otherwise provided for by a Charter of the City
of the City of Las Vegas, that the said General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer
of funds from the said "Las Vegas Special 1929 Street Lighting Improvement Fund" as soon
as the condition of the same will permit. And provided further, that where there shall
be lands belonging to the City, or public grounds not taxable, abutting on such improvements,
 or such improvements shall be made upon interior squares or spaces, formed by
intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys, such part of the expenses of
such improvements as, in the opinion of the Board or Assessor making such special 
assessment, would be justly proportionable to such public ground, and City property, and to
interior squares or spaces formed by the intersection of streets where the abutting
property is taxable, shall be paid from the General Fund, or be stood and borne by the
City of Las Vegas, and the balance of such expenses shall be assesses upon taxable
lots included in such special assessment in proportion to the estimated benefits 
resulting thereto from the improvement.

Section 5. This Ordinance shall be in effect from, and after its passage, and
adoption and publication for a period of one weeks (six issues) in the Las Vegas 
Review, a newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 6. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 142
published in six successive issues of the Las Vegas Review, a daily newspaper published
 in the City of Las Vegas.

Passes, and Adopted this 9th day of July A. D. 1929, by the following vote;
Commissioners Smith, Thomas, German and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor J. F Hesse
voting Aye. Noes None.	

First reading June 6th, 1929.

Second, and final reading July 9th 1929.

Approved this 9th day of July 1929.

J. F Hesse.

	Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

 Viola Burns.

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

SEAL.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA)

	

County of Clark) ss .

A. E. Cahlan, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: That he is editor of the Las
Vegas Review, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance Number 142 was 
continuously published in said newspaper for a period of six days from July 12 to July 18
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 12,
15, 15, 16, 17, 18, That said newspaper was regularly Issued and circulated on each of
the dates above named.

Signed A. E. Cahlan.

Subscriber, and sworn to before me this 25th day of July 1929.

	C. D.  Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County

Nevada.

My commission expires May 26th, 1931.
(Seal)
ORDINANCE NUMBER 144.

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS REGULATING THE ERECTION, CONSTRUCTION, 
ENLARGEMENT, ALTERATION, REPAIR, MOVING, REMOVAL, DEMOLITION, CONVERSION, OCCUPANCY
EQUIPMENT, USE, HEIGHT, AREA, AND MAINTENANCE, OF ALL BUILDINGS AND/OR STRUCTURES IN
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS, AND COLLECTIONS OF FEES
THEREFOR; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF; DECLARING AND ESTABLISHING
FIRE ZONES; REPEALING ORDINANCES NOS. TWENTY-SEVEN (27), FIFTY-NINE (59), SIXTY-ONE (61)
and SEVENTY-TWO (72) OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS AND ALL OTHER ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF

ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.		

THE Board OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

	Section 1. That, a certain document, three (3) copies of which are on file in the

office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, being marked, and designated "Uniform

Building Code, 1027 Edition, published, January 1928, by Pacific Coast Building Officials
Conference", be and the same is hereby adopted as the building code of the City of Las
Vegas for the regulation of the erection, construction, enlargement, alteration repair,
moving, removal, demolition, conversion, occupancy, equipment, use, height, area, and
maintenance of all buildings and/or structures in the City of Las Vegas providing for
the issuance of permits and the collection of fees therefor; providing penalties penalties
 for the violation of such building code; declaring, and establishing fire zones;
and each and all of the regulations, provisions, penalties, conditions, and terms of such
"Uniform Building Code, 1927 Edition, published January 1928, by Pacific Coast Building
Officials Conference" on file in the office of the City Clerk are hereby referred to,
adopted, and made a part thereof as if fully set out this ordinance. 

Section 2. That, Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance
Fixing the Fire Limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction
and keeping, and storage of combustibles, and explosives" passed, and adopted March 6th,

1912, and an Ordinance No. 59 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled an Ordinance to Amend
Section Eight (8) of Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance
Fixing the Fire Limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating Building Construction, and
the keeping and storage of combustibles, and explosives," passed, and adopted March 3rd
1915, and Ordinance No. 61 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to Amend
Section 6 of Ordinance No. 27 (27) entitled "An Ordinance Fixing the Fire Limits of the
City of Las Vegas, regulating the building, and construction and the keeping, and storage
of combustibles, and explosives,'' passed and adopted August 4, 1915 and Ordinance No 72
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance amending Sections 2, 3, 6 and & 7 of Ordinance
 No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, entitled "An Ordinance fixing the fire limits
of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction, and the keeping of combustibles
and explosives, passed and adopted June 28th, 1918, and all other Ordinances and	

parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby appealed.			

Section 3. That, the entire incorporated area of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
declared to be and is hereby established as a fire district and said Fire District shall
be known and designated as Fire Zone 2 and 3, and each such zone shall include such territory
 or portions of said City as illustrated, outlined, and designated on a certain map
on file in the office of the City Clerk of the said City of Las Vegas being marked and
designated as "Fire Zones of the City of Las Vegas", which is hereby adopted as the fire
zoning map of the City of Las Vegas for the application of the regulations included in the

Uniform Building Code 1927 Edition, published January 1928, by the Pacific Coast Building
Officials Conference".

Section 4. There is hereby created the office of Building Inspector, who shall have
such powers and exercise such duties as are prescribed in said Uniform Building Code and
as may be prescribed from time to time by Ordinance. He shall be appointed by and hold office
 at the pleasure of the Board of City Commissioners, and his compensation shall be
fixed and determined from time to time by Resolution of the said Board of City Commission.

Section 5. This Ordinance shall take effect, and be inforce from and after its
passage and publication for one week (six issues) in the Las Vegas Evening Review and
Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.	

Passed, and adopted this 1st day of August 1929, by the following vote, Commissioners
 Thomas, and Smith and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye, Noes None.

First reading July 19th 1929.	.

Second reading August 1st, 1929.

Approved this 1st day of August 1929.

J. F. Hesse

		Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

 Viola Burns

City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)



COUNTY OF CLARK) SS



F.F. Garside, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: that he is publisher 
of the Las Vegas EveniNg Review-Journal, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed
 and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
attached was continuously published in said newspaper every day for six days from Aug.

3 to Aug 9th Inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-
wit: Aug. 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.

That said newspaper was regularly issued, and circulated on each of the dates
above named.

Signed	F. F. Garside.

Subscribed, and sworn to before me this

 9th day of September 1929.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark

My Commission expires May 26th, 1931.	County, Nevada.

(Seal)
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE 143. (Emergency Ordinance)

An ordinance providing the manner of parking vehicles in certain areas of the
City of Las Vegas for a period of sixty days from and after the passage, approval and
complete publication of this ordinance, providing a penalty for the violation of this
Ordinance, and other matters relating thereto.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. When ever in this ordinance the following terms are used they shall
have the meanings respectively ascribed to them in this Section:

Park. To stand a vehicle for a period of time greater than is reasonably necessary
 for the actual loading or unloading of persons or materials.

Intersection. The area embraced within the prolongation of the property lines
of two or more streets which join at an angle, whether or not one such street crosses
the other.

Section 2. For a period of sixty days from, and after the passage, approval
and complete publication of this Ordinance it shall be unlawful for the driver of any
vehicle to park the same or cause the same to be parked, in or upon any street in the
following areas in said City of Las Vegas, unless such vehicle shall be parked parallel
to the middle of the street on the side of the street on which it was traveling at the
time of parking and so that the left hand wheels of such vehicle shall stand not more
than two feet from the center line of the street. The front of such vehicle shall extend
in the general direction of the traffic on the side of the street upon which it was
traveling at the time of parking, and such vehicle shall be parked with sufficient room
for any vehicle already parked to the from or rear or both, to be able to conveniently
depart from from its position. No such vehicle shall be parked in said area at, on or
within 25 feet of the street intersection. The said areas are more particularly described
 as follows:

In Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.

First Street, from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

First Street, from Fremont Street to Lewis Street.

Second Street from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

Second Street from Fremont Street to Lewis Street.

Third Street from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

Third Street from Fremont Street to Lewis Street.

Fourth Street from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

Fourth Street from Fremont Street to Lewis Street.

Fifth Street from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

Ogden Street, From Main Street to the easterly limit of Fifth Street.

Carson Street, from Main Street to Fifth Street.

Bridger Street, from Main Street to Fifth Street.

In Hawkin's Addition.

Ogden Street, from Fifth Street to the alley running northerly and southerly
 throughout Blocks 1 and 2 in said Hawkin's Addition.

Fremont Street, from Fifth Street to the easterly limit of said Hawkin's
Addition crossing said Fremont Street.

In Buck's Subdivision.

Fremont Street, from the westerly limit of Buck's Subdivision crossing said
Fremont Street, to Eighth Street.

Section 3. Any person, firm, or corporation violating any of the provisions
of this Ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof
shall be punished by a fine of not less than Two and One-Half Dollars nor more than One
Hundred Dollars or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not less than one
and one quarter days nor more than fifty days, or by both such fine, and imprisonment.

Section 4. This Ordinance shall take effect, and be inforce from, and after
its passage, and publication for a period of one week (3 issues) in the Las Vegas Age.
a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed, and adopted a a regular meeting held this 1st day of August 1929,
upon the following vote: Commissioners Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor J. F.
Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

First reading July 23rd 1929.

Second Reading August 1st, 1929.

Approved this 1st day of August 1929.

J. F. Hesse_

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

County of Clark) SS	 	

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: That he is publisher of the 
Las Vegas Age, a Tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed, and published in
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of four issues, August 3rd to
Aug. 10th inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates; to-wit:
Aug. 3, 6, 8, 10th 1929. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each 
of the dates above named. That the charge for the publication of the same was $46.25.

Signed C. P. Squires,

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th day of August 1929.

C. D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark Co. Nev.

My Commission Expires May 26th 1931.

(Seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 145.

An Ordinance to amend, revise and re-enact Section 1 of Ordinance No. 112 of the

     City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to license traveling shows, circuses, Hippodromes,

 menageries and carnivals in the City of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance No. 

105 of the City of Las Vegas, and all Ordinances, and parts of Ordinances in conflict
herewith," and to repeal all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain;

Section 1. Section 1 of said Ordinance is hereby amended, revised, and re-enacted
so as to read as follows:

Sec. 1 Any, proprietor, lessee or manager of any traveling show, traveling
skating rink, circus, hippodrome, menagerie, or carnival intending to exhibit in the open
air or under a tent or in any public hall, club room, assembly hall or theatre where
moveable scenery and theatrical appliances are used, any performance or exhibition in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall pay to the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas
the sum of One Hundred Dollars as a license fee for the privilege of showing and 
exhibiting such traveling show, traveling skating rink, circus, hippodrome, menagerie or
carnival for each day; and upon payment therefor said City Clerk shall issue license
for the day or number of days so paid for.

Provided, that nothing in this section contained shall be deemed or construed to
require the holder of a theatre license to procure any additional license to conduct, maintain
or carry on any theatrical or vaudeville performance when such performance is conducted
at any such theatre so licensed.

Section 2. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict with this Ordinance
 are hereby repealed.

Section 3. This Ordinance shall be in effect from, and after its passage, and
adoption and publication for one week (three issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed, and adopted this 3rd day of October 1929 upon the following vote:
Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting
aye. Noes None. First reading Sept. 17th, 1929, second and final reading October 3rd
1929.

Approved this 3rd day of October 1929.

_____J. F. Hesse.

Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) SS

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is 
publisher of the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed
and published in Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
attached ORDINANCE NO. 145 was continuously published in said newspaper for a period
of three issues from Oct. 5th to October 10th 1929 inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Oct. 5, 8 and 10th 1929.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the above
dates named. That the charge for publishing the same was $25.00.

Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th day of October 1929.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada.

My Commission expires May 26th, 1929.

(Seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 146.

An Ordinance Vacating the alley running northerly and southerly through Blocks
number Eight and Nine in Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
for High School purposes.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Sec. 1. That in order to promote the public welfare of said City of Las Vegas, it is
hereby ordained and directed that the alley running northerly and southerly through blocks
eight (8) and nine (9) in Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas, as delineated on the
official and record plat of the survey thereof on record in the office of the County
Recorder of Clark County, Nevada in Book 1 of Plats at page 13, Clark County, Nevada Records
be, and the same is, hereby vacated for use by Clark County Educational District No. 2
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the owner and occupant of said two blocks, for
High School purposes. Provided however, that said alley in each of said two blocks shall
be closed and kept closed after the passage, and going into effect of this Ordinance
solely by and at the expense of said Clark County Educational District No. 2.

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from, and after its passage,
 and publication for one week (three issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance N. 146 was read for the first time

at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the

5th day of September 1929, and read for a second time and passed at a regular meeting

of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 3rd day of October 1929, upon the following

vote: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor J. Hesse
voting Aye. Noes None.

Approved this 3rd day of October 1929.

J. F. Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS

County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed, and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance 146
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of three issues from October 5th
to October 10th 1929 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: October 5, 8th, and 10th 1929. That said newspaper was regularly issued,
and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the charge for publishing the same
was $11.40.

Signed Chas. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th day of October 1929.

C. D. Breeze.

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nev.

My Commission expires May 26th, 1929.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 147.

 An Ordinance to Amend, Revise, and Re-enact, Section 2 of Ordinance No. 36 of
the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance Providing for the issuance of plumbing
and sewer connection Permits, and for the inspection of plumbing, and sewer connections
and for the regulation and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas,"
and to repeal all Ordinances, and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN;

Section 1. Section 2 of said Ordinance is hereby amended, revised, and re-enacted
so as to read as follows:

Sec. 2. All work done shall be subject to inspection, and notice must be given
to the Plumbing Inspector by the contractor or owner doing said work or having the same
done as soon as said work is ready for inspection, the plumber having a competent man
on the work at the time of inspection. A charge of Two and One-half Dollars ($2.50) will
be made for the issuance of each plumbing permit, which charge shall include one 
inspection of rough work and one inspection of finished work. A charge of One Dollar ($1.00)
will be made for every extra visit by the inspector. A Charge of fifty cents (50₵) will
be made for each additional fixture up to sixteen (16) and twenty-five cents (25₵) for
each additional fixture above sixteen.

No work will be accepted by the Inspector until the above mentioned charges are paid
into the office of the Plumbing Inspector. All work must be left uncovered convenient
for examination until inspected and approved by the Plumbing Inspector.  Such inspection
shall be made within forty-eight hours of such notification being received by the Plumbing
 Inspector, and no plans shall be changed without the permission of said Plumbing

Inspector. The inspecting officer may apply the water peppermint or smoke test; and all
necessary tools, labor and assistance for such test shall be furnished by such person
or persons assuming control of the work, and such person or persons shall remove or
repair any defective material or work when so ordered by the inspecting officer. Any soil
pipe, drain pipe, trap, water closet, urinal, sink or other fixtures set up or fitting
or fittings laid, used or constructed otherwise than in accordance with these 
regulations, or which shall, in the opinion of the Plumbing Inspector, be or become bad or
defective quality shall, upon notice, either verbal or in writing, from said Plumbing
Inspector, be removed or repaired in the manner determined, and within the time fixed
by the inspecting officer, and it shall be unlawful for any person or persons to occupy
or make use of any house or building where the plumbing work has been constructed in
accordance with the regulations of this ordinance, unless the owner, agent or lessee of
said building or house shall have secured a final certificate of acceptance from the
Plumbing Inspector duly signed by such officer.

Section 2. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances, in conflict with this Ordinance
are hereby repealed.

Section 3. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage, and adoption and publication for one week (six issues) in the Las Vegas Evening
 Review and Journal a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed, and adopted this 3rd day of October 1929 upon the following vote: 

Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes
None. First reading September 5th 1929 second reading October 3rd 1929.

Approved this 3rd day of October 1929.

J. F. Hesse
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

(City Seal)	AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
COUNTY OF CLARK)

A. Cahlan, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is editor of the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week (six times) from
October 7th to October 12th inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
 dates, to-wit: October 7, 8, 9, 10, ll, 12. That said newspaper was regularly issued
and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed A. L. Cahlan.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th day of November 1929.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County

Nevada.

My Commission expires May 26th, 1931.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 148.

An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the ex-officio Assessor
 of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment
 to defray the costs of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by
constructing, erecting, and installing an ornamental street lighting system complete,
including conduits, cables, standards, lighting units, and all appurtenances thereto
on certain streets, and portions of streets in said City, according to plats, diagrams
and estimates of cost thereof on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas; describing definitely the location of said improvements, stating the amounts
of said assessment, and designating the lots, lands and premises to be assessed according
 to benefits; providing for the payment thereof, and other matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the costs of making certain improvements
in the City of Las Vegas, by constructing, erecting, and installing an ornamental street
lighting system complete, including, conduits, cables, standards, lighting units, and
all appurtenances thereto, according to the plats, diagrams, and estimates of cost thereof
on file in the office of the City Clerk of the said City, according to the terms of Ordinance
 No. 142, of the City of Las Vegas, approved July 9th, 1929, the ex-officio City Assessor of the 

City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized, and directed to forthwith
 levy the special assessment in the amount hereinafter specified against the owners
and upon the lots, lands, and premises, hereinafter designated and described according
to benefits. Said special assessments shall be levied upon the taxable lots, property
and premises situate in the special assessment district, created by the terms of said
Ordinance No. 142, benefitted by said improvements proportionately to the benefits
received; provided, however, that in no case shall the said ex-officio Assessor levy
any special assessment upon any such lots, lands or premises, exceeding fifty per cent
(50%), of the value of such lots, lands or premises as last before valued and assessed
for state and County taxation in the County Tax Roll; but such costs over, and above
and exceeding that per cents shall be paid from the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. The ex-officio City Assessor shall assess the taxable lots, property
and premises situate in the special assessment district, created by the terms of said
Ordinance No. 142, benefitted by said improvements proportionately to the benefits 
received, that is to say, such ex-officio Assessor shall assess upon each lot, parallel of
land or premises such relative portion of the whole sum to be levied as shall be proportionate
 to the estimates benefit resulting to such lot, parcel of land or premises
from the said improvement.

Section 3. In levying the assessments as in this Ordinance provided, the ex-
officio Assessor shall prepare a Special Assessment Roll therefor, and after he shall
have completed the Assessment as herein provided and completed the said Special Assessment
 Roll, he shall report the same to the Board of City Commissioners as provided for
by law and upon receiving such report and Special Assessment Roll, the said  Roll
shall be numbered and filed in the office of the City Clerk, and the Board of City
Commissioners shall cause notice thereof to be published in the City of Las Vegas of
the filing of the same with the City Clerk, and appointing a time when the Board of City
Commissioners and the ex-officio Assessor will meet to review the assessment, and any
person objecting thereto may be heard, or any person objecting to the assessments, may
file his or her objection thereto in writing, with the City Clerk.

Section 4. At the time appointed for the purpose of reviewing said assessments 
and considering any objections thereto made at said time or filed in writing the Board
of Commissioners and the said ex-officio Assessor shall meet and then, or at some 
adjourned meeting, review said assessments, and will hear any objections to said assessments,
 which have been made or filed as aforesaid by any person deeming himself aggrieved
thereby, and will decide upon the same as to any assessment, or description of the premises,
 appearing necessary therein, and will confirm it as reported or as corrected, or
will refer the assessment back to the ex-officio Assessor for revision or annul it and
direct a new assessment to be made; when said assessment shall be confirmed, the City
Clerk shall make an endorsement upon the roll showing said confirmation and the same
shall be final and conclusive; the City clerk shall then deliver the same to the County
Assessor, acting ex-officio city assessor, with his certificate of confirmation, and the
County Assessor, acting ex-officio City Assessor, shall thereupon record said assessment
rollin his office and append thereto his certificate of the date of the recording. Said
Roll when so endorsed and recorded, shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and
tribunals of the regularity of the proceedings, preliminary to the making thereof, and
the validity of said Assessment and Assessment Roll.

Section 5. Upon the confirmation and recording of the said Assessments and 
Assessment Roll as by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas provided, the Assessments shall
be at once due, and payable, and from the date of said confirmation and recording, shall
constitute and be a lien upon the lot or parcel of land and premises assessed, together
with the legal interest thereupon, and shall be charged against the persons and properties
 until paid.

Section 6. The several lots and premises, together with their location, the name
of the present owner, and the approximate amounts to be assessed thereon, are as follows:

A. the amount to be assessed against the owners and upon the lots and premises,
according to benefits, in said special assessment district for the construction, erection
and installation of an ornamental street lighting system complete therein is $25,136.90
and the several lots and premises, with their location, the name of the present recorded
owner and the approximate amounts to be assessed thereon are as follows:

Lots 1, 2, 3,4, 5, 6, 7 in Block 1 Marion Wilson, owner, Assessment $605.50
Lots 8 & 9 in Block 1 Thomas Baima, Assessment, $173.00

Lots 10, 11, 12, Block 1 Mary and Andrew Moar, owners Assessment, $259.50
Lots 13, 14, 15, 16, Block 1, Thomas Baima, owner Assessment $346.00
Lots 1, 2, 3, Block 2, Las Vegas Land & Water Co; owner Assessment $259.50
Lots 4, 5, 6, 7, Block 2 Troy Steam Laundry, owner Assessment $346.00
Lots 8 & 9 in Block 2 A. Corradetti, owner Assessment $173.00
Lots 10, 11 and the westerly 100ft. of Lots 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, Block 2
Mrs. E. A. Genther owner, Assessment $648.75

The easterly 40ft. of Lots 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, Block 2, owners Clark,

Ronnow and Ronnow, Assessment $138.40.

Lot 17, Block 2, Margaret Harper, owner, Assessment $86.50
Lot 18, Block 2, Boggs Brothers owners, Assessment $86.50
Lot 19, Block 2, Adolph Levy owner, Assessment $86.50

The southerly 52 4/10 ft. of Lots 20 & 21 Block 2, Marie Espeset, and James
E. Thomas, owners, Assessment $86.50

The northerly 77 6/10 ft. of Lots 20, 21 Block 2, J. H. Morgan owner,

Assessment $86.50

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, Block 5, Nevada Hotel Mining Co; owners, Assessment
$821.75.

Lots 10 & 11 in Block 3, H. B. Busick owner, Assessment $173.00
Lots 12 & 13, Block 3 H. D. Busick & Hotel Nevada Mining Co; owners,

Assessment $173.00

Lots 14, 15, 16, in Block 3, Martin Kiwisar, owner, assessment $259.50
Lot 27 in Block 3, O. C. Stocker, owner, Assessment $86.50
Lot 28 in Block 3, Laura Kramer, owner, Assessment $86.50
Lots 29 & 30 Block 3, John Horden, owner, assessment, $173.00

The northerly 105 ft. of Lot 31, Block 3, Will Beckley, owner, Assessment $59.69
The southerly 25 ft. of Lot 31, Block 3, Laura Kramer, owner, assessment $26.81
Lots 1, 2, Block 4, Elizabeth Gamble, owner, Assessment $173.00
Lots 3, 4, Block 4, Dora Smith, owner, Assessment $173.00
Lots 5, 6, 7, 8, Block 4, Ed Von Tobel, owner, Assessment $346.00
Lot 9 in Block 4, Thomas P. A. Valdez, owner, assessment $86.50
Lots 10, 11, Block 4, Henry Barnewold, owner, Assessment $173.00
Lots 12, 13, Block 4, Thos. J. Parker, owner, Assessment $173.00
Lots 14, 15, 16, Block 4, D. Pecetto, owner, Assessment $259.50
The southerly 90 ft. of Lots 11, 12, Block 15, First State Bank, owner, 
Assessment $119.89.

The northerly 40 ft. of Lots 11,12, Block 15, W. H. Elwell, owner, Assessment
$53.11

	Lots 13, 14, 15, 16, Block 15, Adolph Levy, owner, assessment $346.00

Lot 17, Block 15, heirs of H. M. Lillis owners, Assessment $86.50
Lots 18, 19, Block 15 Anna Roberts, owner, assessment $173.00
Lots 20 Block 15, A. Corradetti, owner, Assessment $86.50
Lots 21, 22, Block 15, R. W. Martin, owner, Assessment $173.00
Lots 1, 2, Block 14, Ralph Thomas, owner, Assessment $173.00
Lot 3, Block 14, W. G. Morse, owner, assessment $86.50.

Lot 4, Block 14, Mrs. Hattie B. Fallas, owner, Assessment $86.50.

Lot 5, Block 14, Will Beckley owner, Assessment $86.50

Lots 6 & 7, Block 14, heirs of H. M. Lillis, owners, assessment $173.00
Lot 8, Block 14, Eagles Lodge, owner, Assessment $86.50
Lot 9, Block 14, Martin & Ferron owners, Assessment $86.50.

Lots 10, 11, 12, Block 14, E. Griffith owner, Assessment $259.50

Lots 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, Block 18, Reno Securities Co; owner, Assessment

$519.00

Lots 17, 18 C. C. Leland Ronnow, owners, Assessment $l73.00
Lots 19, 20 Block 18, So. Nevada Realty Co; Inc. owners, assessment $173.00

Lots 21, 22, Block 18, Elizabeth Phillips, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 1, 2, Block 19 W. S. Park, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 3, 4, 5, Block 19, R. H. Schaffer owner, assessment $259.50

Lot 6 Block 19, Mrs. W. H. Elwell, owner, assessment $86.50

Lots 7 & 8 Block 19, L. H. & R. E. Rockwell, owners, assessment $173.00

Lots 9 Block 19, A. C. Delkin, owner, assessment $86.50

Lot 10, Block 19, Mrs. Hattie Delkin, owner, assessment $86.50

Lots 11, 12, Block 19, P. J. Sullivan, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 11, 12 13, Block 31, T. A. Nantz, & Wm. Kidder, owners, assessment $259.50

Lots 14, 15, 16, Block 31, Cragin & Pike owners, assessment $259.50.

Lots 17 & 18, Block 31, T. A. Nantz, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 19, 20, Block 31, Anna Coughlin, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 21, 22, Block 31, Key Pittman, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, Block 30, Masonic Lodge No. 32, owners, assessment $346.00

Lots 5, 6, Block 30, A. W. Ham, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 7, 8, Block 30, Mrs. J. D. Kramer, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 9, 10, Block 30, O. C. Boggs Owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 11, 12, Block 30, Mary Hodgens, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 1, 2, 3, Block 35, Sina Norris, owner, assessment $259.50

Lots 4, 5, Block 35, C. P. Squires owner, assessment $173.00

West ½ of Lot 6, Block 35, C. P. Squires, owner, assessment $43.25.

Easterly ½ of Lot 6, Block 35, Carl Ray owner, assessment $43.25

Lots 7, 8, Block 35, Carl Ray owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 9, 10, Block 35, A. Ham owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 19, 11, Block 35, Las Vegas Funeral Home, owner, assessment $216.25.

Lots 31, 32, Block 35, M. I. Newkirk, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 29, 30, Block 35, C. L. Horsey, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 27, 28, Block 35, C. M. McGovern, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 25, 26, Block 35, J. M. Ullom, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 23, 24, Block 35, Henrietta Brockman, owner, assessment $173.00

Lot 17, Block 36, Mrs. Isabella McCrystal, owner, assessment $86.50

Southerly ½ of Lot 18, Block 36, Mrs. Isabella McCrystal, owner, assessment

$43.25

Northerly ½ of Lot 18, Block 36, Miss Isabella McCrystal, owner, assessment

$43.25

Lot 19 Block 36, Miss Isabella McCrystal, owner, assessment $86.50.

Lots 20, 21, Block 36, Alice Passno, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 22, 23 Block 36, E. R. Bailey, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 24, 25, Block 36, Mrs. F.  R. Hudson, owner, assessment $173.00

Lot 26, Block 36, Joe L. McQuade, owner, assessment $86.50

Southerly ½ of Lot 27, Block 36, Joe L. McQuade, owner, assessment $43.25

Northerly ½ of Lot 27, Block 36, Mrs. Mary Russell, owner, assessment $43.25.

Lot 28, Block 36, Mrs. Mary Russell, owner, assessment $86.50

Lots 29, 30, Block 36, Herbert Krause, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 31, 32, Block 36, A. S. Gaines, owner, assessment $175.00

Lots 11, 12, 13, Block 34, W. E. Ferron, owner, assessment $259.50

Lots 14, 15, 16, Block 34, W. R. Bracken owner, assessment $259.50

Lots 17, 18, 19, Block 34, Leo A. McNamee owner, assessment $259.50

Lots 20, 21, 22, Block 34, Mary A. Hodgens, owner, assessment $302.75.

Lots 23, 24, Block 34, Carolina Shaw, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 25, 26, 27, 28, Block 34, E. W. Nungesser, owner, Assessment $346.00

Lots 29, 30, Block 34, Catherine Mayberry, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 31, 32, Block 34, Wm. E. Orr, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 17, 18, 19, 20, Block 33, Boggs Bros, owners, assessment $346.00

Lots 21, 22, 23, 24, Block 33, Mrs. M. D. Cohen, assessment $346.00

Lots 25, 26, Block 33, Mrs. A. M. Dillon, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 27, 28, 29, Block 33, A. W. Ham owner, assessment $259.50

Lots 30, 31, 32, Block 33, M. M. Riley, owner, assessment $259.50.

IN HAWKINS ADDITION.

Lots 1, 2, Block 1, Boggs Bros. owners, assessment $173.00
Lots 3, 4, Block 1, Dr. L. B. Sandall, owner, assessment $173.00
Lots 5, 6, 7, Block 1, Minnie Spangler, owner, assessment $259.50.

Lots 8, 9, Block 1, Charity F. Cofee, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 10, 11, 12, Block 1, A. H. & Grace M. McDonald, owners, assessment $259.50

Lots 13, 14, 15, 15, Block 1 A. & Alta Ham, owners, assessment $346.00

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, Block 2, W. E. Hawkins, owner, assessment $346.00

Lots 5, 6, Block 2, Peter Pauff, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 7, 8, Block 2, T. A. Wells, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 9, 10, Block 2, Caroline Shaw, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 11, 12, 13, 14, Block 2, A. W. Ham owner, assessment $389.25.

Lots 15, 16, Block 2, Colorado River Expl. Co. Ltd. owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, Block 3, Will Beckley, owner, assessment $389.25

Lots 5, 6, Block 3, Kate Martin, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, Block 3, P. J. Sullivan owner, assessment $432.50

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, Block 4, Cyril S. Wengert, owner, assessment $432.50

Lots 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, Block 3, Ed. W. Clark owner, assessment $432.50

Lots 6, 7, 8, Block 4, P. J. Sullivan owner, assessment $259.50

Lots 9, 10, Block 4, C. L. Ronnow, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 11, 12, Block 4, G. R. Van Eaton, owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 13, 14, Block 4, Harry Hahn owner, assessment $173.00

Lots 15, 16, Block 4, Margaret Cottmire, owner, assessment $173.00

Section 7. The total approximate amount to be levied and collected as Special
Assessment against the several lots and premises hereinbefore designated and described
 for the purpose aforesaid, is as follows, to-wit: $25,136.90.

Section 8. All assessments when due and payable, as aforesaid, shall be paid to
the County Treasurer and Ex-officio City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, who shall
place the same in what shall be know as "Las Vegas Special 1929 Street Lighting
Fund", and no  portion thereof shall be paid out of said Treasury, except upon claims
duly allowed by the Board of City Commissioners, for the purpose of defraying the cost
and expense of making said improvements as aforesaid, and for no other purpose until
the sum is fully paid, provided, however, that if it becomes necessary to draw upon
the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas, for the purpose of defraying any part of the
costs and expenses of making any of the said improvements as in this Ordinance contained,

 and that the said General Fund of the City of Las Vegas, shall be reimbursed by funds
transferred from the said "Las Vegas Special 1929 Street Lighting Improvement Fund"
to the extent of the amount drawn from the General Fund as soon as said Improvement
Fund shall be in condition to permit the transfer.

Section 9. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, and
adoption and publication for a period of one week, (three issues) in the Las Vegas
Age, a tri-weekly newspaper printed, and published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 10. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the 
City of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance
No. 148, published for one week, (three successive issues) of the Las Vegas Age,
a tri-weekly newspaper printed, and published in said City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 7th day of November 1929, by the following vote:
Commissioners Thomas, Smith, and German, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting
Aye. Noes none.

First reading July 23rd, 1929.

Second reading November 7th, 1929.

Approved this 7th day of November 1929.

J. F. Hesse.

 Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) SS
County of Clark)

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of
Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
#148 was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of three issues
from November 12th to November 16th 1929 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
 for the following dates, to-wit: Nov. 12, 14th, and 16th 1929. That said newspaper
 was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the
charge for publishing the same was $151.00.

Signed C, P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day of November 1929.

C. D. Breeze.

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada

My commission expires May 26th 1931.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 149.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading
for and constructing Asphaltic Concrete Pavement-Durite Process on certain streets, and
portions of streets in said City describing definitely the location of said improvements
providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessment
 upon all the lots included in the special assessment district, hereby established,
according to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain
portions thereof are required to be paid from the general fund of said City of Las Vegas
providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds and also general bonds of the
City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof and other matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS	DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has determined
to make the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, said improvements to be made
in accordance with plats, diagrams and estimates of cost on file in the office of the
City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

To grade and construct Asphaltic Concrete Pavement-Durite Process on the following
streets, and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas:

IN CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

Main Street from Fremont to Garces Street.

First Street from Lewis to Garces Street.

Second Street from Lewis to Garces Street.

Third Street from Lewis to Garces Street.

Fourth Street from Lewis to Garces Street.

Lewis Street from Main to Fourth Street.

Clark Street from Main Street to Fifth Street.

Bonneville Street from Main to Fifth Street.

Garces Street from Main to Fifth Street.

IN SOUTH ADDITION

 Garces Street from Main to Fifth Street.

Section 2. That the cost and expense of making such improvements, as described
in Section 1. of this Ordinance, shall be paid by special assessment to be made according
 to benefits upon the taxable lots and premises situated in the special assessment
district, hereby created, composed of the following lands, to-wit:
IN CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE



All lots in blocks 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, and 27.

Lots 1 to 16 inclusive, Blocks 3 and 4
Lots 1 to 24 inclusive in Block 5
Lots 9 to 24 inclusive, Blocks 12, 21 and 28
Lots 1 to 24 inclusive Block 38.

All of lots in Blocks 39 and 40.

South one-half of school house block located between 4th and 5th Streets and Bridger
and Lewis Streets, also that portion of Lewis Street between 4th and 5th abrogated to
school district.

IN SOUTH ADDITION_____

Lots 1 to 8 and 25 to 52, inclusive, Blocks 6, 11, 15, and 19.

Lots 25 to 32 inclusive, Block 1.

Also beginning at the Northwest corner of Lot 7, Block 1, South Addition, and running
northerly along the easterly line of Main Street 150 feet to its intersection with the southerly
 line of Garces Street, thence easterly along the southerly line of Garces Street 140 ft.
to its intersection with the westerly line of the alley between Main and First Streets;
thence southerly along the westerly line of the alley between Main and First Streets 150 ft.

to the northerly corner of Lot 7 Block 1, South Addition; thence westerly along the northerly
line of Lot 7, Block 1, South Addition 140 feet to the P. O. B.

Also beginning at a point on the westerly property line of Main Street N. 61 deg.

47 min. W. 80 feet from the northwesterly corner of Block 3, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite
and running thence S. 28 deg. 13 min. W. 2880 feet along the westerly line of Main Street;
thence N. 61 deg. 47 min. W. 1330 feet: thence N. 28 deg. 13 min. E. 2880 feet; thence S.

61 deg. 47 min. E. 1330 feet to the point of beginning.

SECTION 5. That the Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas shall hereafter
by ordinance, be empowered and authorized and directed to prepare a special assessment roll
which shall include the lots and premises and owners as provided for in the City Charter of
the City of Las Vegas. After said special assessment roll as herein provided for, shall have
been prepared and submitted, it shall be reported to the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas and thereafter, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk and numbered
and notice thereof shall be given to all persons whose names appear thereon, and to all
persons interested, of the time when said Board of City Commissioners and Ex-officio City
Assessor will meet to review the assessment, at which time the said Board of City Commissioners
shall hear any and all objections and suggestions that may be file against the said assessment,
 and shall at that, or some adjourned meeting, correct the same or confirm it as reported
 or corrected, or they may refer it back to the Ex-officio City Assessor for revision,
or annul it and direct a new assessment, and proceed as in the City Charter directed, until
the same shall be confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners; when said assessment roll
has been confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners, the City Clerk shall make and 
endorsement upon said assessment roll showing the date of confirmation as provided in the
Charter and shall thereupon deliver said roll, as confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners
 with his certificate of such confirmation and of the date thereof, to the County
Assessor, acting ex-officio assessor, and the said County Assessor, acting ex-officio City
Assessor shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record the said assessment roll as
in the Charter provided, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording.
Whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents of the
same and when said rolls so endorsed and recorded, it shall be prima facie evidence in
all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the making
thereof, and the validity of said assessments and assessment roll, by the Board of City
Commissioners; after the said special assessment roll has been confirmed and recorded, the
several amounts levied thereon, shall be due and payable and shall constitute and be a
lien upon the respective lots, and parcels of land and improvements assessed, and shall be
charged against the persons and properties until paid.

SECTION 4. That is, after the expiration of fifty days from the date of the recording
of the said special assessment roll, as hereinbefore provided, there remains unpaid any
of the special assessments against any of the lots or premises hereinbefore mentioned, the
Board of City Commissioners, shall within a reasonable time thereafter, pass an Ordinance
directing the Issuance of bonds for the amount of the said taxes or assessments remaining
unpaid by the said property owner, at the expiration of the said fifty days from the date

of the confirmation, and recording of the assessment roll, fixing the form of bond, declaring

the amount remaining unpaid, denominations and interest, and lots or parcels of land
against which the said assessments remaining unpaid, in whole or in. part, are a lien and
the names of the owners thereof, where known, with the amounts due thereon, and directing
that the said unpaid assessments or portions thereof, shall thereafter be paid as follows:
One-tenth (1-10th) one year from the expiration of the said fifty days, and one-tenth (1-10)
at the end of each year thereafter, until the full sum of the assessment is paid in full,
as shall be set forth by the Board of City Commissioners in the Ordinance directing the
issuance of said special assessment bonds; each of said installments shall bear interest 
from the end of said fifty days, until due, at the same rate of interest as that provided
for in the bonds, payable annually, which rate shall be fixed by Ordinance; such installments

and the interest thereon shall be	and remain a lien upon the said lots and parcels of

land and premises until paid; said installments and the interest thereon may be collected
in the same manner as other delinquent assessments, and the Board of City Commissioners in
the ordinance directing the issuance of said bonds may provide that the unpaid assessments
ana portions thereof, and the interest thereon, shall be placed on the State and County
Tax Roll and be collected in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County
 general taxes are collected, and direct the officers of the County to collect the same.

SECTION 5. That as soon as the said special assessment roll, as provided for in
Section 3 of this Ordinance, shall have been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts
contained therein and levied on and against the properties therein, shall be due and payable
at once, and shall be paid to the County Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Receiver of the
County of Clark State of Nevada, Ex-officio Treasurer and Tax Receiver of the City of Las
Vegas, and be by that officer paid into and credited to the Special Fund to be know as and
called "Las Vegas 1929 Improvement District #2" and all costs and expense incurred in making
said improvements, as in this ordinance contained, shall be charged to and paid out of
said fund. Provided, however, that in event it becomes necessary to draw on the General
Fund of the City of Las Vegas to defray any of the costs and expenses of making any of said
improvements, except as otherwise provided for by a Charter of the City of Las Vegas, that
the said General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds from said "Las Vegas 1929
Improvement District #2" as soon as the condition of the same will permit. And provided 
further, that where there shall be lands belonging to the City, or public ground not taxable,
abutting on such improvements, or such improvements shall be made upon interior squares
or spaces, formed by the intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys, general bonds
of the City of Las Vegas may be issued under proper procedure taken therefor by the Board
of City Commissioners to provide funds for the purpose of defraying such portion of the 
expenses there of as the Board of City Commissioners shall determine to be paid from the
General Funds or from the proper Street Fund, or District Street Fund, or partly from
each, or to be stood, and borne by the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 6. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, and adoption
and publication for a period of one week (six issues) in the Las Vegas Evening Review,
and Journal a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 7. The City Clerk, and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance published in six
successive issue's of the Las Vegas Evening Review, and Journal, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas.

Passes and adopted this 5th day of December 1929 by the following vote of the
Board of City Commissioners; Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith, and His Honor the
Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

First reading November 7th 1929.

Final reading December 5th 1929.

Approved this 5th day of December A. D. 1929.

J. F. Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk, and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners

of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)  SS

County of Clark )

A. E. Cahlan, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is editor of the
Las Vegas Evening Review and Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of every day for one week from
Dec. 7 to Dec. 13 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit: Dec. 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named.

Signed A. Cahlan.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th day of December 1929.	

Frank A. Stevens

(Notarial Seal)	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

ORDINANCE 150.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading for, and
constructing Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curb and gutter and Rough Grading for Street Improvement
on certain streets and portions of streets in said City: describing definitely the
location of said improvements; providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid
entirely by special assessment upon all lots included in the special assessment district,
hereby established, according to benefits, except where by the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas certain portions there of are required to be paid from the general fund of the said
City of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds and also general
bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof and other matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 11. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has determined to make
the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, said improvements to be made in accordance
with plats, diagrams, and estimates of cost on file in tide office of the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas:

To grade for and construct Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curb and Gutter and Rough Grading
 for Street Improvements on the following streets and portions of streets in the City
of Las Vegas:

IN CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE 



Main Street from Fremont to Garces Street

First Street, from Lewis to Garces Street.

Second Street from Lewis Street to Garces Street

Third Street from Lewis to Garces Street

Fourth Street from Lewis to Garces Street.

Lewis Street, from Main to Fourth Street.

Clark Street, from Main to Fifth Street.

Bonneville Street, from Main to Fifth Street.

Garces Street, from Main to Fifth Street.

IN SOUTH ADDITION

Garces Street from Main Street to Fifth Street.

SECTION 2. That the cost and expense of making such improvements, as described in
Section 1 of this Ordinance, shall be paid by special assessment to be made according to
benefits upon the taxable lots, and premises situate in the special assessment district,
hereby created, composed of the following lands, to-wit:

IN CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE 



All Lots in Blocks 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, and 27

Lots 1 to 16 inclusive, in Blocks 3 and 4

Lots 1 to 24 inclusive, Block 5.

Lots 9 to 24 inclusive, Blocks 12, 21, 28.

Lots 1 to 24 inclusive, Block 38.

All of Lots in Blocks 39 and 40.

South on-half of school house block located between 4th and 5th Sts. and Bridger
and Lewis Sts; also that portion of Lewis Street between 4th, and 5th abrogated to School
District.

Lots 1 to 8 and 25 to 32, inclusive, Blocks 6, 11, 15, and 19.

Lots 25 to 32, inclusive, Block 1.


Also beginning at the Northwest corner of Lot 7, Block 1, South Addition, and running
northerly along the easterly line of Main Street 150 feet to its intersection with the
southerly line of Garces Street, thence easterly along the southerly line of Garces
Street 140 feet to its intersection with the westerly line of the alley between Main and
First Street; thence southerly along the westerly line of the alley between Main and
First Street 150 feet to the northerly corner of Lot 7, Block 1, South Addition; thence
westerly along the northerly line of Lot 7 Block 1, South Addition 140 feet to the P. O. B.

Also the easterly 50 feet, Lot 7, Block 1, South Addition.

Also beginning at a point on the westerly property line of Main Street N. 61 deg. 47
Min. W. 80 feet from the northwesterly corner of Block 3, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and
running thence S. 28 deg. 13 min. N. 2880 feet along the westerly line of Main Street;
thence N. 61 deg. 47 min. W 1330 feet; thence N. 28 deg. 13 min. 2880 feet; thence
S. 61 deg. 47 min. E. 1330 feet to the point of beginning.

Section 3. That the Ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas shall hereafter,
by ordinance, be empowered and authorized and directed to prepare a special assessment
roll which shall include the lots and premises and owners, as provided for in the City
Charter of the City of Las Vegas. After said special assessment roil as herein provided
for, shall have been prepared and submitted, it shall be reported to the Board of 
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and thereafter, it shall be filed in the office of
the City Clerk and numbered, and notice thereof shall be given to all persons whose
names appear thereon, and to all persons interested, of the time when said Board of City
Commissioners and Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessment, at which
time the said Board of City Commissioners shall hear any and all suggestions and objections
that may be filed against the said assessment, and shall at that, or some adjourned
meeting, correct the same or confirm it as reported or corrected, or they may refer it
back to the Ex-officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it and direct a new assessment
and proceed as in the City Charter directed, until the same shall be confirmed by the
Board of City Commissioners; when said assessment roll has been confirmed by the Board
of City Commissioners, the City Clerk shall make an endorsement upon the said assessment
roll showing the date of confirmation as provided in the Charter and shall thereupon
deliver said roll, as confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners with his certificate
of such confirmation and of the date thereof, to the County Assessor, acting ex-officio
assessor, and the said County Assessor, acting ex-officio City Assessor, shall thereupon
without extra compensation, record the said assessment roll as in the Charter provided,
and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording. Where upon
from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents of the same
and when said roll is do endorsed and recorded, it shall be prima facie evidence in all
courts and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the making
thereof, and of the validity of said assessments and assessment roll, by the Board of
City Commissioners; after the said special assessment roll has been confirmed and recorded,
the several amounts levied thereon, shall be due, and payable and shall constitute
and be a lien upon the respective lots, and parcels of land and improvements assessed,
and shall be charged against the persons' and properties until paid.

Section 4. That if, after the expiration of fifty days from the date of the recording 

of the said special assessment roll, as hereinbefore provided, there remains unpaid
any of the special assessments against any of the lots or premises hereinbefore
mentioned, the Board of City Commissioners, shall within a reasonable time thereafter,
pass an Ordinance directing the issuance of bonds for the amount of the said taxes or
assessments remaining unpaid by the said property owner, at the expiration of the said
fifty days from the date of the confirmation and recording of the assessment roll, fixing
the form of bond, declaring the amount remaining unpaid, denominations, and interest,
an lots or parcels of land against which the said assessments remaining unpaid, in whole
or inpart, are a lien and the names of the owners thereof, where known, with the amounts
due thereon, and directing that the said unpaid assessments, or portions thereof, shall
thereafter be paid as follows: One-tenth (1-10th) on year from the expiration of the said
days, and one tenth (1-10th) at the end of each year thereafter, until the full sum of
the assessment is paid in full, as shall be set for the by the Board of City Commissioners
in the Ordinance directing the issuance of said special assessment bonds: each of said
installments shall bear interest from the end of the said fifty days until due, at the
same rate of interest as that provided for in the bonds, payable annually, which rate
shall be fixed by the Ordinance; such installments and the interest thereon shall be
and remain a lien upon the said lots and parcels of land and premises until paid; said
installments and the interest thereon may be collected in the same manner as other 
delinquent assessments, and the Board of City Commissioners in the ordinance directing
the issuance of said bonds may provide that the unpaid assessments, and portions thereof
and the interest thereon, shall be placed on the State and County Tax Roll and be collected
 in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County general taxes
are collected, and direct the officers of the County to collect the same.

Section 5. That as soon as the said special assessment roll, as provided for in
Section 3 of this ordinance, shall have been confirmed, and recorded, the several amounts
contained therein and levied on and against the properties therein, shall be due and
payable at once, and shall be paid to the County Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Receiver
of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, Ex-officio Treasurer and Tax Receiver of the
City of Las Vegas, and be by that officer paid into and credited to the Special Fund
to be known as and called "Las Vegas 1929 Improvement District #1", and all costs and
expenses incurred in making said improvements, as in this ordinance, shall be charged
to and paid out of said fund. Provided however, that in the event it becomes necessary to
draw on the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to defray any of the costs and expenses
of making any of said improvements, except as otherwise provided for by a Charter
of the City of Las Vegas, that the said General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer
of funds from the "Las Vegas 1929 Improvement District #1" as soon as the condition of
the same will permit. And provided further, that where there shall be lands belonging
to the City, or public ground not taxable, abutting on such improvements or such improvements
shall be made upon interior squares or spaces, formed by the intersection of streets
and spaces opposite alleys, general bonds of the City of Las Vegas may be issued under
proper procedure taken therefor by the Board of City Commissioners to provide funds for
for the purpose of defraying such portion of the expenses thereof as the Board of City
Commissioners shall determine to be paid from the general Fund of from the proper Street
Fund, or District Street Fund, or partly from each, or to be stood and borne by the City
of Las Vegas.

Section 6. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, and
adoption and publication for a period of one week (six Issues) in the Las Vegas Evening
Review and Journal a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 7. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance published in six
successive issues of the Las Vegas Evening Review and Journal, a daily newspaper 
published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 5th day of December A. D. 1929 by the following vote of

the Board of City Commissioners; Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith, and His Honor
the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.
First Reading November 7th 1929.

Final reading December 5th 1929.

Approved this 5th day of December 1929.

 J. B. Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
County of Clark)

A. E. Cahlan, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: That he is editor of the Las
Vegas Evening Review and Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed, and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of every day for one week from
December 7th to December 13th, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: Dec. 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13. That said newspaper was regularly
issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed A. E. Cahlan.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th day of December 1929.

Frank A. Stevens

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 151.

An Ordinance Empowering, Authorizing and Directing the Ex-officio City Assessor
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, To Levy A Special Assessment
To Defray The Costs of Making Certain Improvements In the City of Las Vegas, By Grading
For And Construction of Asphaltic Concrete Pavements Durite Process On Certain Streets
And Portions of Streets In said City, According to the Plats, Diagrams and estimates of
Cost hereof On File the Office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas; Describing
Definitely the Location of Said Improvements, Stating the Amounts of Said assessment,

And Designating the Lots, Lands And Premises To Be Assessed According To Benefits: Providing
For The Issuance of Special Assessment Bonds For The Payment Thereof, And Other
Matters Relating Thereto.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain, as Follows;

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the costs of making certain improvements
in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and constructing Asphaltic Concrete Pavements
Durite Process, according to the plats, diagrams, and estimates of cost heretofore prepared,
and adopted by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and on
file in the office of the City Clerk of said City, according to the terms of Ordinance
No. 149 of the City of Las Vegas, approved December 5th, 1929, the Ex-Officio Assessor of
the City of Las Vegas, is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to forthwith levy
the special assessment in the amount hereinafter specified, against the owners and upon
the lots, lands and premises, hereinafter designated and described according to benefits.
Said special assessment shall be levied upon the taxable lots, lands, and premises, hereinafter
designated and described according to benefits. Said special assessment shall be
levied upon the taxable lots, property and premises situate in the special assessment
district, created by the terms of Ordinance No. 149. benefited by said improvements 
proportionately to the benefits received; provided, however, that in no case shall the 
Ex-Officio assessor levy any special assessment upon any such lots, lands and premises 
exceeding fifty per cent (50%), of the value of such lots, lands and premises, as last 
before valued and assessed for State and County taxation in the County Tax Roll; but such

costs over and above and exceeding that per cent shall be paid from the General Fund of

the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. The Ex-Officio City Assessor shall assess the taxable lots, property
and premises situate in the special assessment district, created by the terms of said
Ordinance No. 149, benefitted by said improvements proportionately to the benefits 
received, that is to say, such Ex-Officio Assessor shall assess upon each lot, parcel of
land or premises such relative, portion of the whole sum to be levied as shall be 
proportionate to the estimated benefit resulting to such lot, parcel of land or premises
from said improvement.

Section 3. In levying the assessments as in this ordinance provided, the Ex-Officio
Assessor shall prepare a Special Assessment Roll therefor, and after he shall have completed
the assessment as herein provided and completed the said Special Assessment Roll,

he shall report the same to the Board of City Commissioners as provided for by law and
and upon receiving such report and Special Assessment Roll, the said Roll shall be
numbered and filed in the office of the City Clerk, and the Board of City Commissioners

notice thereof to be published for at least two weeks in some newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas, of the filing of the same with the City Clerk, and
appointing a time when the Board of City Commissioners and the Ex-Officio assessor will
meet to review the assessment, and any person objecting thereto may be heard, or any
person objecting to the assessments, may file his or hers objection thereto in writing
with the City Clerk.

Section 4. At the time appointed for the purpose of reviewing said assessments
and considering any objections thereto made at said time or filed in writing, the Board
of City Commissioners and said Ex-Officio Assessor shall meet and then or at some adjourned
meeting, review said assessments, and will hear any objections to said assessments
which have been made or filed as aforesaid by any person deeming himself aggrieved thereby
and will decide upon the same as to ay assessment, or description of the of the premises,
appearing necessary therein, and will confirm it as reported or as corrected, or will
refer the assessment back to the Ex-Officio Assessor for revision or annul it and direct
a new assessment to be made; when said assessment shall be confirmed, the City Clerk
shall make an endorsement upon the Roll showing said confirmation and the same shall be
final and conclusive; the City Clerk shall then deliver the same to the County Assessor
acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, with his certificate of confirmation, and the County
Assessor, acting ex-officio City Asses or, shall thereupon record said assessment roll
in his office and append thereto his certificate of the date of the recording. Said roll
when so endorsed add recorded, shall be prima facie evidence in all Courts and Tribunals
of the regularity of the proceedings, preliminary to the making thereof, and of the 
validity of said Assessment, and Assessment Roll.

Section 5. Upon the confirmation and recording of the said Assessments and 
Assessment Roll as by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas provided, the Assessments shall
be at once due and payable, and from the date of said confirmation and recording, shall
constitute and be a lien upon the lot or parcel of land and premises assessed, together
with the legal interest thereon, and shall be charged against the persons and properties
until paid.

Section 6. The several lots and premises, together with their location, the
name of the present owner, and the approximate amounts to be assessed thereon are as
follows:

IN CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE.

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9 in Block 3, Hotel Nevada Mining, Company, owner, assessment
$73.52 each, total $661.68.

Lot 10, Block 3, H. D. Busick, owner assessment $73.52.

Lot 11. Block 3, J. M. Miller, owner, assessment $73.52.

Lots 12, and 13, Block 3, Miller-Buzick Corporation, owner, assessment $73.52 each
total $147.04

Lots 14, 15, 16, Block 3, Martin Kiwisar, owner, assessment $73.52 each, total $220.56
Lots 1 and 2 in Block 4, Elizabeth Gamble, owner, assessment $73.52 each, total $147.04
Lots 3 and 4, Block 4, Estate of Dora Smith, deceased, owner, assessment $73.52 each
total, $147.04.

Lots 5, 6, 7, and 8, Block 4, Ed Von Tobel, owner, assessment $73.52 each, total $294.08.

Lot 9, Block 4, Thomas P. A. Valdez, owner, assessment $73.52.

Lots 10 and 11, Block 4, Henry F. Barnewolt, owner, assessment 73.52 each, total $147.04
Lots 12 and 13, Block 4, Thomas, J. Parker, owner, assessment $73.52 each, total $147.04.
Lots 14, 15, 16, Block 4, D. Peccetto, owner, assessment $73.52 each, total $220.56.

Lots 1, 2, and 3, Block 5, Mrs. C. C. Bray Jeske, owner, assessment $73.52, total $220.56.
Lots. 4, 5, 6, and 7, Agnes Goucher, owner, assessment $73.52 each, total $294.08.

Lots 8, 9, and 10 Block 5, Estate of George Nichols, owner, Assessment, lot 8 $73.52,
lot 9 $83.96, lot 10 $94.40, total $251.88.

Lots 11, 12, 13, Block 5, Julia Lorenzi owner, assessment Lot 11, $104.84, lot 12 $115.28,
lot 13 $125.72, total $345.84.

Lots 14, 15, 16, Block 5, L. H. and R. E. Rockwell, owners, assessment lot 14, $136.16,
lot 15 $146.60, lot 16 $157.04, total $439.80.

Lots 17, 18, 19, Block 5, John Seiders, owner, assessment, lot 17, $83.52, lot 18, $73.08,
lot 19 $62.64, total $219.24.

Lots 20, 21, and 22, Block 5, Nellie Goult owner, assessment, lot 20 $52.20, lot 21

$41.76 lot 22, $31.32, total $125.28.

		

Lots 23, and 24 in Block 5, Mrs. Nellie Lake, owner, assessment lot 23, $20.88, lot 24
$10.44, total $31.32.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 6, Fred. H. Callihan, owner, assessment, lot 1, $157.04, lot 2, $146.60
total $303.64.

Lots 3, 4, 5, and 6 in Block 6, Charles Dase, owner, assessment, lot 3, $136.16, lot 4,
$125.72, lot 5, $115.28, lot 6, $104.84, total $482.00

Lots 7 and 8, Block 6, Mrs. D. Campbell, owner, assessment, lot 7, $94.40, lot 8, $83.96,
total $176.36.

Lots 9 and 10, Block 6, Mrs. Johanna Andrino, owner, assessment lot 9, $83.96, lot 10
$94.40, total $178.36.

Lots 10, and 11, Block 6, Gus Allen, owner, assessment lot 11, $104.84, lot 12, $115.28, to
total, $220.12.

Lot 13 Block 6, Vernon Bunker, owner, assessment $125.72.

Lot 14 Block 6, C. C. Ronnow, owner, assessment, $136.16.

Lots 15, and 16 in Block 6, Ed. Clark, owner, assessment lot 15, $146.60, lot 16,
$157.04, total, $303.64.

Lots 17, 18, 19, Block 6, Victor Yturri, owner, assessment, lot 17, $150.65. lot 18.
$140.21, lot 19, $129.77, total $420.63.

Lots 20, 21, 22, Block 6, C. C. Ronnow, owner, assessment, lot 20, $119.33, lot 21, $108.89
lot 22, $98.45, total, $326.67.

Lot 23, Block 6, F. L. Duncan, owner, assessment $88.01.

Lots 24, and 25, Block 6, Ed. Von Tobel owner, assessment, $77.57 each, total, $155.14.

Lot 26 in Block 6, Thomas, J. Parker, owner, assessment, $88.01.

Lots 27 and 28 in Block 6, Mrs. Ed. Hall, owner, assessment lot 27, $98.45, lot 28
$108.89, total $207.34.

The west 60ft. of lots, 29, 30, 31, 32, Block 6, Lee Barker, owner, assessment, W. 60 ft.
lot 29, $51.14, W. 60 ft. lot 30, $55.62, W. 60 ft. lot 31, $60.09, W. 60 ft. lot 32
$64.50, total, $231.35.

The east 80 ft. of lots, 29, 30, 31, 32, Block 6, A. Corradetti, owner, assessment, E. 80 ft. lot 29, $68.19, E. 80. lot 30, $74.15, E. 80 ft lot 31, $80.12, E. 80 ft. lot 32,

$86.09, total $308.55.			

Lots 1, 2, 3, and 4 Block 7, Charles H. Beckerman owner, assessment, lot 1, $157.04, lot

2, $46.60, lot 3, $136.16, lot 4, $125.72, total, $565.62.

Lots 5 and 6 in Block 7, Celestine Lallemand, owner, assessment lot 5, $115.28, lot 6,
$104.84, total, $220.12.

Lot 7, Block 7, Lawrence Chappell, owner, assessment, $94.40.

Lot 8, Block 7, LeRoy Whipple, owner, assessment $83.96.

Lot 9, Block 7, Peter, J. Corby, owner, assessment $83.96.

Lot 10, Block 7, W. H. Elwell, Inc; owner, assessment $94.40.

Lot 11, Block 7, Celestine Lallemand, owner, assessment, $104.84.

Lot 12, Block 7, Ed. Von Tobel owner, assessment, $115.28.

Lot 13, Block 7, W. H. Elwell, Inc. owner, assessment, $125.72.

Lot 14, Block 7, Mrs. L. A. Rockwell, owner, assessment, $136.16.

The E. half of lots 15, and 16, Block 7, Charles Beckerman owner, assessment, E. half of
lot 15, $73.30, E. half of lot 16, $78.52, total, $151.82.

The W. half of lots 15 and 16, Block 7, W. F. Scharre, owner, assessment, W. half of lot
15, $73.30, W. half of lot 16 $78.52, total, $151.82.
Lots 17,18, 19, 20, Block 7, Joseph Smith, owner, assessment, lot 17, $150.65, lot 18,
$140.21, lot 19, $129.77, lot 20, $119.33, total $539.96.

S. half of lot 21 Block 7, Joseph Smith, owner, assessment, $54.45.

N. half of lot 21, Block 7, Mrs. Minnie Davidson, owner, assessment, $54.45.

Lots, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, and 27, Mrs. Minnie Davidson, owner, assessment, lot 22, $98.45.
lot 23, $88.01, lot 24, $77.57, lot 25, $77.57, lot 26, $88.01, lot 27, $98.45, total
$528.06.

Lots 28 and 29 Block 7, Joe Ronnow, owner, assessment lot 28, $108.89, lot 29, $119.33
total, $228.22.

Lots, 30, 31, and 32, Block 7, Ed. Clark owner, assessment, lot 30, $129.77, Lot 31
$140.21, lot 32, $150.65, total, $420.63.

Block 8, Pacific Fruit Express Company, owner, assessment, lot 1, $157.04, lot 2, $146.60,
lot 3, $136,16, lot 4, $125.72, lot 5, $115.28, lot 6, $104.84, lot 7, $94.40, lots 8, and
9, $83.96. each, lot 10, $94.40, lot 11, $104.84, lot 12, $115.28, lot 13, $125.72,
lot 14, $136.16, lot 15, $146.60, lot 16, $157.04, total $1928.00

Lots 17, 18, 19, 20, and 21, Block 63, A. F. Smith, Jr. owner, assessment, lot 17, $151.65,
lot 18, $140.21, lot 19, $129.77, lot 20, $119.33, lot 21, $108.89, total $648.85.

Lots 22, and 23, Block 8, R. Schouten Sr. owner, assessment, lot 22, $98.45, lot 23,
$88.01, total, $186.46.

Lots 24, 25, 26, and 27, Block 8, Southern Nevada Realty Company owner assessment lots
24 and 25, $77.57 each, lot 26, $88.01, lot 27, $98.45, total, $341.60.

Lot 28, Block 8, F. L. Duncan, owner assessment $108.89.

Lots 29, and 30, Block 8, R. S. Clarke, owner, assessment lot 29, $119.33, 1ot 30, $129.77
total, $249.10.

Lots 13, and 32 Block 8, J. M. Moran, owner, assessment, lot 31, $140.21, lot 32 $150.65
total, $290.86.

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, Block 9, L. H. and R. E. Rockwell, owners, assessment, lot 1, $150.65
lot 2, $140.21, lot 3, $129.77, lot 4, $119.33, lot 5, $108.89. total $648.85.

Lot 6, Block 9, Wm. Higbee owner, assessment, $98.45.

Lot 7, Block 9, Wm. E. Ellis owner, assessment $88.01.

Lots 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12, Block 9, J. H. Moore, owner, assessment lots 8, and 9, $77.57,

each, lot 10, $38.01, lot 11, $98.45, lot 12, $108.89, total, $450.49.

Lots 13, 14, 15, and 16, Block 9, Luella Dees, owner, assessment, Lot 15, $119.33, lot
14, $129.77, lot 15, $140.21, lot 16, $150.65, total $540.00.

Lots 17, and 18, Block 9, Francisca Graglia, owner, assessment, lot 17, $150.65, 1ot
18, $140.21, total, $290.86.

Lots 19 and 20 Block 9, Ed. Vann, owner, assessment, lot 19, $129.77, lot 20 $119.33,
total $249.10.

Lots 21, 22, 23, Block 9, Nellie Goult, owner, assessment, lot 21, $108.89, lot 22, $98.45,
lot 23, $88.01, total, $295.35.

Lot 24, Block 9, B. V. Smith, owner, assessment $77.57.

Lot 25, Block 9, B. V. Smith, owner, S½ thereof, asst. $38.79, and Henry Matteucci N½

thereof asst. $38.78

Lot 26, Block 9, Henry Matteucci, owner, assessment, $88.01.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 9, Manuel Champo owner, assessment, lot 27, $98.45, 1ot 28, $108.89,
total $207.34.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 9, Orazio Lorenzo, owner, assessment, lot 29, $119.33, 1ot 30
$129.77, total. $249.10.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 9, F. L. Duncan owner, assessment, lot 31, $140.21, 1ot 32, $150.65,
total, $290.86.

The W. 100 ft. in lots 1 and 2 in Block 10. J. J. Tuckfield, owner, assessment, W. 100
ft. of lot 1, $107.61, W. 100 ft. of lot 2, $100.15, total, $207.76.

The E. 40 ft. of lots land 2 Julia May French, owner, assessment, E. 40 ft. lot one
$43.04, the E. 40 ft. lot 2, $40.06, total $83.10.

Lots 3 and 4 in Block 10, Fred Backert, owner, assessment, Lot 3, $129.77, lot 4, $119.33
total, $249.10.

Lots 5, 6, 7, and 8 Block 10. Wm. Haig owner, assessment, lot 5, $108.89, lot 6, $98.45,
lot 7, $88.01, lot 8, $77.57, total, $372.92.

Lots 9, 10, and 11 Block 10, W. G. Morse, owner, assessment, lot 9, $77.57, lot 10,

$38.01, lot 11, $98.45, total, $246.03.

Lots 12, 13, and 14, Block 10, Mrs. Ruth Griffith, owner, assessment, lot 12, $108.89
lot 13, $119.33, lot 14, $129.77, total, $357.99.

Lots 15 and 16, Otto A. Kimball, owner, assessment, lot 15, $140.21, lot 16, $150.65,
total, $290.86.

Lots 17, 18, 19, 20, Block 10, Earl. F. Davidson, owner, assessment, lot 17, $150.65,
lot 18, $140.21, 1ot 19, $129.77, lot 20, $119.33, total, $540.00
Lot 21 Block 10, Alice G. Blackett, owner, assessment, $108.89,

Lot 22, Block 10 Lynn Botts owner, assessment, $98.45.

Lot 24 and 25, Block 10, L. H. and R. E. Rockwell, owners, assessment lot $77.57 each
total, $155.14.

Lot 23, Block 10, Adolph H. Sittle owner, assessment, $88.01.

Lots 26 and 27, Block 10, Mrs. Francisca Graglia owner, assessment, lot 26. $88.01,
lot 27, $98.45, total,  $186.46.

Lot 28 Block 10, Marion Earl owner, assessment, $108.89.

Lots 29 and 30 Block 10 H. Harrington owner, assessment, lot 29, $ll9.33, lot 30
$129.77, total, $248.10.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 10, Louise Lemon, owner, assessment, lot 31, $140.21, lot 32,
$150.65, total, $290.86.

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6, Block 11, C. E. Caskey owner, assessment, lot 1, $150.65,
lot 2, $140.21, lot 3, $129.77, lot 4, $119.33, lot 5, $108.89, lot 6, $98.45, total

$747.30.

Lots 7 and 8, Block 11, Mrs. Charles Fenzel, owner, assessment, lot 7, $88.01, 1ot 8
$77.57, total, $165.58.

Lots 9 and 10 B1ock 11, Eddie Gillette, owner, assessment, lot 9, $77.57, lot lot 10
$88.01, total, $165.58.

Lots 11, and 12, Block 11, T. M. Carroll, owner, assessment, lot 11, $98.45, lot 12,

$108.89, total, $207.34.

Lots 13, 14, 15, and 16, Block 11, Mildred Heffner, owner, assessment, lot 13, $119.33,
lot 14, $129.77, lot 15, $140.21, lot 16, $150.65, total, $540.00.

Lots 17, 18, 19, and 20 Block 11, Estate of Dora Smith, deceased, owner, assessment,
lot 17, $150.65. lot 18, $140.21, lot 19, $129.77, lot 20 $119.33, total, $540.00

Lot 21, Block 11, Sarah Root owner, assessment, $108.89.

Lot 22, Block 11, Mrs. Roy Neagle, owner, assessment, $98.45.

Lot 23, Block 11, F. G. Rau, and Son, owner, assessment, $88.01.

Lots, 24, 25, 26, 27, Block 11, Carl Ray, owner, assessment, lot 24 and 25, $77.57
each, lot 26, $88.01, lot 27, $98.45, total, $341.60.

Lots 28 and 29, Block 11, Boulder lumber and Supply Co; owner, assessment, lot 28, $108.89,

lot 29, $119.33, total $228.22.
S. 15 ft. lot 30. Block 11, Paul D. Hosman, Fred H. Miller, and Irene Turner Hosman
owners, assessment $77.85.

N. 10 Ft. lot 31 Block 11, F. G. Rau and son owners, assessment, $51.92.

Lots 31, and 32, Block 11, F. G. Rau and son owners, assessment, lot 31 $140.21,

lot 32, $150.65, total, $290.86.

Lot 9, Block 12, W. H. and Ione Flickenger, owner, assessment, $10.44.

Lots 10, and 11 Block 12, Mrs. Etta. Hitt, owner, assessment, lot 10, $20.88,

lot 11, $31.82, total, $52.70.

Lots 12, and 13, Block 12, J. L. Finney, owner, assessment, lot 12, $41.76,
lot 13, $52.20. total, $96.96.

Lots 14, 15, 16, Block 12, Ed. Von Tobel owner, assessment, lot 14, $62.64, lot 15
$73.08, lot 16, $83.52, total, $219.24.

Lot 17, Block 12, Adolph Levy, owner, assessment $83.52,

S. 8-l/3 ft. of lot 18, Block 12, Adolph Levy, owner, assessment, $24.36.

N. 16-2/3 ft. lot 18 and S. 16-2/3 Ft. lot 19, Block 12, M. E. Ward, owner, 
assessment N. 16-2/3 ft. lot 18, $48.72, S. 16-2/3 ft. lot 19, $41.76, total $90.48.

N. 8-1/3 ft. lot 19 and lot 20 Block 12, Adolph Schwartz, owner, assessment, N. 8-1/3
ft. lot 19, $20.88, lot 20, $52.20, total, $73.08.

Lots 21, 22, 23, and 24, Block 12, Mrs. Albert James owner, assessment, lot 21, $41.76,
22, #31.32, lot 23, $20.88, lot 24, $10.44, total, $104.40.

Lot 9, Block 21 Catholic Church, owner, assessment, $10.44.

Lots 10, and 11, Block 21, Perle S. Brown, owner, assessment, lot 10, $20.88, lot
11 $31.32, total, $52.20.

Lots 12, and 13, and N. 10. ft. of lot 14, Block 21, Dr. H. L. Hewetson owner, 
assessment, lot 12, $41.76, lot 13, $53.20, N. 10 ft. lot 14, $25.06, total. $119.02.

S. 15 ft, lot 14, lots 15 and 16, Block 21. E. S. Sheppard owner, assessment, S. 15 ft.
lot 14, $37.58, lot 15 $73.08. lot 16, $83.52, total. $194.18.

Lots 17 and 18, Block 21, L. L. Carson, owner, assessment lot 17, $83.52, lot 18, $73.08
total $156.60.

Lot 19, Block 21. J. H. McCann, owner, assessment, $62.64.

Lots 20 and 21, Block 21, Cyril S. Wengert, owner, assessment, lot 20, $52.20, lot
21 $41.76, total, $93.96.

Lots 22, and 23, Block 21, Ernest Cragin, owner, assessment, lot 22, $31.32, lot 23
$20.88, total, $52.70.

Lot 24, Block 21, E. B. Bailey, owner, assessment, $10.44.

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8, Block 22, Las Vegas Land and Water Company owner, 
assessment, lot 1, $150.65, lot 2, $140.21, lot 3, $129.77, lot 4 $119.33, lot 5, $108.89,
lot 6, $98.45, lot 7, $88.01, lot 8, $77.57, total, $912.88.

Lots 9 and 10 Block 22, Julia Lorenzi, owner, assessment, lot 9, $77.57, lot 10
$88.01, total, $165.28.

Lots 11, and 12, Block 22, Mrs. Edith Johnson, owner, assessment, lot 11, $98.45,
lot 12, $108.89.

Lot 13, Block 22, D. J. Ronnow, owner, assessment, $119.33.

N. half of lot 14, Block 22, D. J. Ronnow owner, assessment, $64.88.

S. half of lot 14, and lots 15 16, 17, and 18, Block 22. J . J. Tuckfield, owner, 
assessment, S. half of lot 14, $64.89, lots 15 and l8, $140.21, each, lots 16 and 17,
$150.65. each, total $646.61.

Lots 19 and 20 Block 22, Charles, and Joseph Doyle, owners, assessment, lot 19,

$129.77, lot 20, $119.33, total, $249.10.

Lots 21 and 22, Block. 22, D. Hindrichsen, owner, assessment, lot 21, $108.89,
lot 22, $98.45, total, $207.34.

Lots 23 and 24, O. K. Adcock owner, assessment, lot 23, $88.01, lot 24, $77.57,
total, $165.58.

Lots 25, and 26, Block 22, F. M. Doolittle, owner, assessment, lot 25, $77.57,
lot 26, $88.01, total, $165.58.

Lots 27, 28, and 29, Block 22, Estate of Lorenzo D. Creel, owner, assessment, lot 27
$98.45, lot 28, $108.89, lot 29 $119.33, total, $326.67.

Lots 30, 31, and 32, Block 22, Cora J. Noblitt, owner, assessment, lot 30, $129.77
lot 31, $140.21, lot 32, $150.65, total, $420.63.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 25, Mary Ottinger, owner, assessment, lot 1, $150.65, lot 2,

$140.21, total, $290.86.

Lots 3, 4, 5, and 6, Block 23, Las Vegas Land and Water Company owner, assessment, lot
3, $129.77, lot 4, $119.33, lot 5, $108.89, lot 6, $98.45, total, $456.44.

Lots 7 and 8, Block 23, Boggs Brothers owners, assessment, lot 7, $88.01, lot 8,

$77.57, total, $165.58.

Lots 9 and 10 Block 23, L. Flaherty, owner, assessment, lot 9, $77.57, lot 10
$88.01, total, $165.58.

Lots 11, and 12, Block 23, Gwyda Maydell Pistole, owner, assessment, lot 11, $98.45,
lot 12, $108.89, total, $207.34.

Lots 13, and 14 Block 23, Brady Golden owner, assessment, lot 13, $119.33, lot 14
$129.77, total, $249.10.

Lots 15, and 16, Block 23, G. C. Akers, owner, assessment, lot 15, $140.21, lot
16, $150.65, total, $290.96.

Lots 17, 18, 19, and 20, Block 23, Las Vegas Land and Water Company, owner, assessment,
lot 17, $150.65, 18, $140.21, lot 19, $129.77, lot 20, $119.35. total, $359.96.

Lots 21, and 22 Block 23, A. F. Wengert, owner, assessment, lot, 21, $108.89, lot

22, $98.45, total, $207.34.

Lots 23 and 24, Las Vegas Land and Water Company owner, assessment, lot 23, $88.01
lot 24, $77.57, total, $165. 58.

Lots 25 and 26, Block 23, E. F. Walters, owner, assessment, lot 25, $77.57, lot 26,

$88.01, total, $165.58.

Lots 27, 28, 29, and 30, Las Vegas Land and Water Company owner, assessment, lot 27,
$98.45, lot 38. $108.89, lot 29, $119.33, lot 30, $129.77, total, $456.44.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 23, T. B. Croal, owner, assessment, lot 31, $40.21, lot
32, $150.65, total, $290.86.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 24, J. J. Curtis, owner, assessment, lot 1, $150.65, lot 2
$140.21, total, $290.86.

Lots 3 and 4, Block 24, Las Vegas Land and Water Co; owner, assessment, lot 3, $129.77,
lot 4, $119.33, total, $240.10.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 24, James Williams owner, assessment, Lot 5, $108.89, lot 6,

$98.45, total, $207.34.

Lots 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12, Block 24, Las Vegas Land and Water Company owner, 
assessment, lot 7, $88.01, lot 8, and 9, $77.57, each, lot 10, $88.01, lot 11, $98.45,

lot 12, $108.89. total $538.50 Bros.	

Lots 13 and 14, Block 24, Boggs owners, assessment, lot 13, $119.33, lot 14, $129.77, 

total, $249.10.
Lots 15 and 16, Block 24, Las Vegas, Land and Water Company owner, assessment, lot 15

$140.21, lot 16, $150.65, total, $290.86.	

Lots 17 and 18, Block 24, W. H. Paulus, owner, assessment, lot, 17, $150.65, lot 18,

$140.21, total, $290.86.

Lots 19 and 20, Block 24, Las Vegas Land and Water Company owner, assessment, lot 19
$129.77, lot 20, $119.33, total, $249.10.

Lots 21 and 32, Block 24, Emma West, owner, assessment, lot 21, $108.89, lot, 22,

$98.45, total, $207.34.

Lots 23, and 24, Block 24, H. M. Downing, owner, assessment, lot 23, $88.01, Lot 24,
$77.57, total, $165.58.

Lots 25, and 26, Block 24, Las Vegas, Land and Water Company owner, assessment, lot 25,
$77.57, lot 25, $88.01, total, $165.58.

Lots 27, and 28, Block 24, C. M. Atherton, owner, assessment, lot 27, $93.45, lot
28, $108.89, total, $207.34.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 24, K. A. Willett, owner, assessment, lot 29, $119.33, lot 30
$129.77, total, $249.10.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 24, W. R. Nesbit, owner, assessment, lot 31, $140.21, lot 32,

$150.65, total, $290.86.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 25, E. C. McDonald, owner, assessment, lot 1, $150.65, lot 2,

$140.21, total, $290.86.

Lots 3 and 4, Block 25, O. C. Stocker, owner, assessment, lot, 3, $l29.77, lot 4,

$119.33, total, $249.10.

Lots 5, 6, 7, and 8, Block 25, Las Vegas Land and Water Company owner, assessment, lot

5, $108.89, lot 6, $98.45, lot 7, $88.01, lot 8, $77.57, total, $372.92.

Lots 9 and 10 Block 25, Antone Matteucci, owner, assessment, lot 9, $77.57, lot 10,
$88.01, total, $165.58.

Lots 11, 12, 13, 14, Block 25, Las Vegas Land and Water Company, owner, assessment, lot
11, $98.45, lot 12, $108.89, lot 13, $119.33, lot 14, $129.77, total, $456.44.

Lots 15 and 16, Block 25, George P. Roy, owner, assessment, lot 15, $140.21, lot 16,
$150.65, total, $290.86.

Lots 17 and 18 Block 25, F. A. Bash, owner, assessment, lot 17, $150.65, lot 18,

$140.21, total, $290.86.

Lots 19, and 20, Block 25, C. J. and Ruth Harvey, owners, assessment, lot 19, $129.77,
lot 20, $119.33, total, $248.10.

Lots 21 and 22, Block 25, Lloyd R. Hilke, owner, assessment, lot 21 $108.89, lot 22,
$98.45, total, $207.34.

Lots 23, and 24, Block 25, Earl M. Dobbs, owner, assessment; lot 23, $88.01, lot 24,
$77.57, total, $165.58.

Lots 25 and 26, Mrs. S. E. Yates, owner, assessment, lot 25, $77.57, lot 26, $88.01,

total, $165.58.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 25, Trueman C. Higbee, owner, assessment, lot 27, $98.45, lot
28, $108.89, total, $207.34.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 25, Dave Kramer, owner, assessment, lot 29, $119.33, lot 30
$129.77, total, $249.10.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 25, Las Vegas Land and Water Company owner, assessment, lot 31
$140.21, lot 32, $150.65. total, $290.86.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 26, Anna Walters, owner, assessment, lot 1, $150.65, lot 2, $140.21,
total $290.86.

Lots 3 and 4, Block 26, Lena Williams, owner, assessment, Lot 3, $129.77, lot 4 $119.33
total, $248.10.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 26, Roy Mosbach, owner, assessment, lot 5, $108.89, lot 6,

$98.45, total, $207.34.

Lots 7 and , Block 26, Frank Thompson, owner, assessment, lot 7, $88.01, lot 8, $77.57,
total, $165.58.

Lots 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, and 14, Block 26, Las Vegas Land and Water Company owner, 
assessment, lot 9, $77.57, lot 10, $88.01, lot 11, $98.45, lot 12, $108.89, lot 13 $119.33,
lot 14, $129.77, total, $622.02.

Lots 15 and 16, Block 26, M. L. Garner, owner, assessment, lot 15, $140.21, lot 16,
$150.65, total, $290.86.

Lots 17 and 18, Block 26, Roy A. Richart, owner, assessment, lot 17, $140.65, lot 18
$140.21, total, $290.86.

Lots 19 and 20 Block 26, Las Vegas Land and Water Company owner, assessment lot, 19,
$129.77, lot 20, $119.33, total $249.10.

Lots 21 and 22, Block 26, Mrs. Grace Snyder, owner, assessment, lot 21, $108.89, lot
22, $98.45, total $207.34.

Lots 23 and 24, Block 26, Frank Thompson, owner, assessment, lot 23, $88.01, lot 24,
$77.57, total, $165.58.

Lots 25, 26, 27 and 28, Block 26, Las Vegas Land and Water Company, owner, assessment,
lot 25, $77.57, lot 26, $88.01, lot 27, $98.45, lot 28, $108.89, total, $372.92.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 26, Mrs. Ida Anderson, owner, assessment lot 29, $119.33, lot 30
$129.77, total, $249.10.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 26, Oscar L. Peiffer, owner, assessment, lot 51, $140.21, lot 32
$150.65, total, $290.86.

The E. 50 ft. of lots, 1, 2, 3, and 4, Block 27, W. H. Elwell, Inc; owner, assessment,

E. 50 ft. lot 1, $53.80, E. 50 ft. lot 2, $50.07, E. 50 ft. lot 3, $46.35, E. 50 ft.
lot 4, $42.62, total, $192.84.

The 90 ft. of lots 1, 2, 3, and 4, Block 27, Estate of Dora Smith, deceased, owner,

assessment, W. 90 ft. lot 1, $96.85, W. 90 ft. lot 2, $90.14, W. 90 ft. of lot 3, $83.42

W. 90 ft. of lot 4, $76.71, total, $347.12.

Lots 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10, Block 27, J. G. Laravey, owner, assessment, lot 5, $108.89, lot

6, $98.45, lot 7, $88.01, lot 8, $77.57, lot 9, $77.57, lot 10, $88.01, total, $538.50.
Lots 11, and 18, Block 27, Louis C. Pico, owner, assessment, lot 11, $98.45, lot 12,

$108.89, total, $207.34.

Lots 13 and 14, Block 27, Karl Gantner, owner, assessment, lot 13, $119.33, lot 14,
$129.77, total, $249.10.

Lots 15 and 16, Block 27, J. J. Tuckfield, owner, assessment, lot 15, $140.21, lot 16
$150.65, total, $290.86.

Lots 17, 18, 19, 20, 21 and 22, Block 27, William Jones, owner, assessment, lot 17,
$150.65, lot 18, $140.21, lot 19, $129.77, lot 20, $119.33, lot 21, $108.89, lot 22,

$98.45, total, $747.30.

Lots 23 and 24, Block 27, Earl M. Dobbs, owner, assessment, lot 23, $88.01, lot 24
$77.57, total $165.58.

Lots 25, and 26, Block 27, P. D. Cook, owner, assessment, lot 25, $77.57, lot 26, $88.01,
total, $165.58.

Lots 27, 28, 29, and 30 Block 27, Otto Westlake, owner, assessment, lot 27, $98.45,
lot 28, $109.89, lot 29, $119.33, lot 30 $129.77, total, $456.44.

E. half of lots 31 and 32, Block 27, George H. Cook, owner, assessment, half of lot

31, $70.11, E. half of lot 32, $75.33, total, $145.44. 	

		

W. half of lots 31 and 32, Block 27, W, H. Elwell, Inc., owner, assessment, W. half of lot 31, 

$70.10, W. half of lot 32, $75.32, total, $145.42.


Lot 9, Block 28, Sam Gay, owner, assessment, $10.44.

Lots 10, and 11, Block 28, W. H. Elwell, Inc; owner, assessment, lot 10, $20.88, lot
11, $31.32, total, $52.20.

Lots 12 and 13, Block 28, Joseph Smith owner, assessment, lot 12, $41.76, lot 13
$52.20, total, $93.96.

Lots 14, 15, and 16, Block 28, Mrs. Florence Lawson, owner, assessment, lot 14, $62.64,
lot 15, $73.08, lot 16, $83.52, total, $219.24.

Lots 17, 18, and 19, Block 28, Fred J. George, owner, assessment, lot 17, $83.52,

lot 18, $73.08, lot 19, $62.64, total, $219.24.

Lots 20 and 21, Block 28, Mrs. Mary Van Dyke, owner, assessment, lot 20, $52.20, lot

21,	$41.76, total, $93.96.

Lots 22, and 23, Block 28, Charles, J. and Ella V. Hammond, owners, assessment, lot
22, $31.32, lot 23, $20.88, total, $52.20.

Lot 24, Block 28, Louise Conklin owner, assessment, $10.44.

The South half of the school house block located between 4th and 5th streets, and Bridger
and Lewis Streets, also that portion of Lewis Street between 4th and 5th Streets abrogated
to school district, and lots 1 to 24 inclusive, Block 38, assessment, $2094.44.

Lots l and 2, Block 39, Carl Ray, owner, assessment, lot 1, $150.65, lot 2, $140.21,
total, $290.86.

Lots 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7, Block 39, George A. Allen, owner, assessment, lot 3, $129.77, lot 4
$119.33, lot 5, $108.89, lot 6, $98.45, lot 7, $88.01, total, $543.45.

Lots 8, 9, and 10, Block 39, Mrs. Ed. Von Tobel, owner, assessment, lot 8, $77.57, lot 9,
$77.57, lot 10, $88.01, total, $243.15.

Lots 11, and 12, Block 39, Gus Lundholm, owner, assessment, lot 11, $98.45, lot 12, $108.89
total $207.34.

Lots 13, and 14, Block 39, Fred Lundholm, owner, assessment, lot 13, $119.33, lot 14,
$129.77, total, $249.10.

Lots 15 and 16, Block 39, Gerald Nelson, owner, assessment, lot 15, $140.21, lot 16
$150.65, total, $290.86.

Lots 17, 18, 19, and 20, Block 39, Charles, J. and Ella V. Hammond, owners, assessment,
lot 17, $83.52, lot 18, $73.08, lot 19, $62.64, lot 20, $52.20, total, $271.44.

Lots 21, and 22, Block 39, Bert H. and Helen I. Johnson, owners, lot 21, $41.76, lot

22, $31.32, total, $73.08.

Lots 23 and 24, Oscar Peiffer, owner, assessment, lot 23, $20.88, lot 24, $10.44,
total, $31.32,

Lots 25, and 26, Mildred Heffner, owner, assessment, lot 25, $l0.44, lot 25, $20.88,
total, $31.32.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 39, D. Breeze, owner, assessment, lot 27, $31.32, lot 28
$41.76, total, $73.08.

Lots 29, 30, 31, and 32, Block 39, Carrie L. Blood, owner, assessment, lot 29, $52.20,
lot 30, $62.64, lot 31, $75.08, lot 33, $83.52, total, $271.44.

Lots 1, 2, and 3, Block 40, J. T. Ullom, owner, assessment, lot 1, $150.65, lot 2, $140.21
lot 3, $129.77, total, $420.63.

N. 15 ft. lot 4, Block 40, J. T Ullom, owner, assessment, $71.61.

Lots 5 and the S. 10 ft. of lot 4, Block 40, C. J. Harvey, owner, assessment, 10 ft.
of lot 4, $47.72, lot 5, $108.89. total, $156.61.

Lots 6 and 7, Block 40, Frank and Ruby Cross, owners, assessment, lot 6, $98.56, lot 7,
$88.01, total, $186,46.

Lot 8 Block 40, O. O. Hamilton owner, assessment, $77.57.

Lots 9, 10, and 11, Block 40, Thomas Segar, owner, assessment, lot 9, $77.57, lot 10,
$88.01, lot 11, $98.45.

Lots 12 and 13, Block 40, Larry, and Lucille Simons, owners, assessment, lot 12, $108.89,
lot 15, $119.33, total, $228.22.

Lots 14, 15, and 16, Block 40, George Zettler owner, assessment, lot 14, $129.77, lot
15, $140.21, lot 16, $150.65, total, $420.63.

Lots 17, 18, 19, and 20, Block 40, T. M. Carroll, owner, assessment, lot 17, $83.52,
lot 18, $73.08, lot 19, $62.64, lot 20, $52.20. total, $271.44.

Lots 21, 22, and 25, Block 40, William Spiers, owner, assessment, lot, 21, $41.76. lot
22, $31.32, lot 23, $20.88, total, $93.96.

Lots 24, and 25, Block 40, James G. Stone, owner, assessment, lot 24, $10.44, lot 25
$10.44, total, $20.88.

Lots 26, 27, and 28, Block 40, J. T. Ullom, owner, assessment, lot 26, $20.88, lot 27,
$31.32, lot 28, $41.76, total, $93.96.

Lots 29, 30, 31, and 32, Block 40, Charles J. and Ella V. Hammond, owners, assessment
lot 29, $52.20, lot 30, $62.84, lot 31, $73.08, lot 32, $83.52, total, $271.44.

IN SOUTH ADDITION.

Lots 25 and 26, Block 1, W. F. Scharre, owner, assessment, lot 1, $10.44, lot 2, $20.88
total, $31.32.

 Lot 27, Block 1, John Skiffington, owner, assessment, $51.32.

Lot 28, Block 1, S. F. Taylor, owner, assessment, $41.76.

Lots 29, and 30, Block 1, William D. Seevers, owner, assessment, lot 29, $52.20,
lot 30, $62.64, total, $114.84.

Lots 31, and 32, Block 1, Cruz Torres owner, assessment, lot 31, $73.08, lot 32, $83.52,
total, $156.60.

  lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6, Block 6, Mayme Melott, owner, assessment, lot 1, $84.52, lot 2,
$73.08, lot 3, $62.64, lot 4, $52.20, lot 5, $41.76, lot 6, $31.32, total, $344.42.
lots 7, and 8, Block 6, A. C. Vary, owner, assessment, lot 7, $20.88, lot 8 $10.44,

total, $31.32.

Lots 25, and 26, Block 6, E. H. Davis, owner, assessment, lot 25, $10.44, lot 26, $20.88
total, $51.32.

Lots 27, and 28, Block 6 Ralph Farley, owner, assessment, lot 27, $31.32, lot 28,

$41.76, total, $73.08.	

Lots 29, and 30, Block 6, 20-30 Club owner, assessment, lot 29, $52.20, lot 30 $62.64,
total, $114.84.

Lots 31, and 32, Block 6, George W. Beard, owner, assessment, lot 31, $73.08, lot 32,

$83.52, total, $l56.60.

Lots 1, and 2, Blook 11, Will Beckley, owner, assessment, lot 1, $83.52, lot 2, $73.08,
total, $156.60.		 

Lots 3, and 4. Block 11, William and Mildred Copleman, owners, assessment, lot 3, $62.64,
lot 4, $52.20, total, $114.84.		

Lots 5, and 6, Block 11, Mary C. Gaddes, owner, assessment, lot 5, $41.76, lot 6, $31.32,
total, $75.08.

Lots 7,and 8, Block 11, H. P. Marble, owner, assessment, lot 7, $20.88, lot 8, $10.44, total, $31.32.

Lot 25, Block 11, R. H. Barnes, owner, assessment, $10.44. 
Lots 26, and 27, Block 11, Jay W. Henderson, owner, assessment, lot 26, $20.88, lot 27,

$31.32, total, $52.20.

Lots 28, and 29, Block 11, Frank Crookston, owner, assessment, lot 28, $41.76, lot 29,

$52.20, total, $93.96.

Lots 30, 31, and 32, Block 11, H. L. Perry, owner, assessment, lot 30, $62.64, lot 31,

$75.08, lot 32, $93.52, total, $219.24.

Lots 1, 2, 3, and 4, Block 15, A. F. Smith, Jr; owner, assessment, lot 1, $85.52, lot 2,

$75.08, lot 3, $62.64, lot 4, $52.20, total, $271.44.

Lots 5, and 6, Block 15, Johnson E. and Iris White, owners, assessment, lot 5, $41.76,

 lot 6, $31.32, total, $73.08.

Lots 7 and 8. Block 15, Ted. J. George, owner, assessment, lot 7, $20.88, lot 8, $10.44
total, $31.32./Block 15

Lots 25, and 26, Miss Isabella McCrystal, owner, assessment, lot 25, $10.44, lot 26.

$20.88, total, $31.32.

Lots 27, and 28, Block 15, Earl F. Egglington, owner, assessment, lot 27, $31.32, lot
28, $41.76, total, $73.08.

Lots 29, and 30, Block 15, Dave and Daisy Kramer, owners, assessment, lot 29, $52.20,
lot 30, $62.64, total, $114.84.

Lots 31, and 32, Block 15, F. A. Gibson, owner, assessment, lot 31, $73.08, lot 32,

$83.52, total, $156.60.

Lots 1, 2, and 3, Block 19, Irma Dunfee, owner, assessment, lot 1, $85.52, lot 2, $73.08,
lot 3, $62.64, total, $219.24.

Lots 4, 5, 6, and 7, Block 19, George A. Brown, owner, assessment, lot 4, $52.20, lot
5, $41.76, lot 6, $31.32, lot 7, $20.88, total, $146.16.

Lot 13, Block 19, Ben Cruscian, owner, assessment, $10.44.

Lots 25, 26, 27, and 28, Block 19, Walter Blacken, owner, assessment, lot 25, $10.44,
lot 26, $20.88, lot 27, $31.32, lot 28, $41.76, total, $104.40.

Lots 29, 30, 31, and 32, Block 19, Earl F. Davidson, owner, assessment, lot 29, $52.20,
lot 30, $62.64, lot 31, $73.08, lot 32, $83.52, total, $271.44.

That certain parcel of land, beginning at the northwest corner of lot 7, Block 1, South
Addition, and running northerly along the easterly line of Main Street 150 feet to its 
intersection with the southerly line of Garces Street, thence easterly along the southerly
line of Garces Street 140 feet to its intersection with the westerly line of the alley
between Main and First Streets; thence southerly along the westerly line of the alley
between Main and First Streets 150 feet to the northeasterly corner of lot 7, Block 1, South
Addition; thence westerly along the northerly line of lot 7, Block 1, South Addition,

140 feet, to the place of the beginning, Consolidated Power, and Telephone Co; owner,
assessment, $354.52, said tract being at the S. E. corner of intersection of Main and
Garces Streets.

The northerly half of lot 7, Block 1, South Edition, Consolidated Power and 
Telephone Company, owner, assessment, $31.32.	

That certain parcel of land described as follows, to-wit: Beginning at a point on the
westerly property line of Main Street N. 61 deg. 47 min. W. 80. ft. from the northerly
corner of Block 3, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and running thence S. 28 deg. 13 min. W.

2880 ft. along the westerly line of Main Street; thence N. 61 deg. 47 min. west 1330 feet;
thence N. 28 deg. 13 min. E. 2880 ft.; thence S. 61 deg. 47 min. E. 1330 ft. to the point
of beginning, Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company, owner, assessment, $8,469.81.

Section 7. The total approximate amount to be levied and collected as a Special 
assessment against the several lots and premises hereinbefore designated and described for
the purpose aforesaid, is as follows, to-wit; Seventy Thousand One Hundred Thirty-eight
and 17/100 Dollars, ($70,138.17.).

Section 8, All assessment when due and payable, as aforesaid, shall be paid to the 
County Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Receiver of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and ex-officio Treasurer and Tax Receiver of the City of Las Vegas, who shall place the
same in what shall be known as "Las Vegas 1930 Improvement District No. 2. Fund;" and
no portion thereof shall be paid out of said Treasury, except upon claims duly allowed
by said Board of City Commissioners, for the purpose of defraying the cost and expense of
making said improvements as aforesaid, and for no other purpose until the same is fully
paid, provided, however, that if it becomes necessary to draw upon the General Fund of
the City of Las Vegas, for the purpose of defraying any part of the cost and expense of
making any of the said improvements as in this Ordinance contained, that the said 
General Fund of the Cit of Las Vegas, shall be reimbursed by funds transferred from the
said "Las Vegas 1930 Improvement District No. 2 Fund," to the extent of the amount drawn
from the General Fund as soon as said Improvement Fund shall be in condition to permit
the transfer.

Section 9. That if, after the expiration of fifty days from the date of the confirmation
and recording of said Special Assessment Roll, as in this Ordinance contained, there
shall remain due and unpaid, any of the said special assessments as contained in this
said roll, the said Board of City Commissioners within a reasonable time thereafter,
shall by Ordinance provide for the issuance of bonds, for the amount of the unpaid 
assessments, in accordance with the terms and conditions of Section 4, of Ordinance, No.

149, of the City of Las Vegas, approved December 5, 1929.

Section 10. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, and adoption
and publication for a period of one week, (Three issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a Tri-
weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 2nd day of January A. D. 1930, by the following vote of the
Board of City Commissioners: Commissioners Hansell, Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the
Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes none.

First reading December 5, 1929.

Final reading January 2, 1930.

Approved this 2nd day of January A.D. 1930.

J. F. Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

(City Seal)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss
 County of Clark)

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he publisher of the Las

Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the Attached City 

Ordinance #151 was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of three issues
from January 7th to January 11th inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the

following dates, to-wit: January 7, 9, and 11, 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the charge for publishing the same was $489.60.

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th day of Jan. 1930.

Frank A. Stevens.

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada.

(Notarial Seal)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
County of Clark)

A. E. Cahlan, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is editor of
the Las Vegas Evening-Review-Journal, a daily newspaper of general circulation,
printed and published at Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of every
issue for one week, from January 7, to January 13, 1930, inclusive, being the issues of said 

newspaper for the following dates to-wit: Jan. 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 13, 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named.

Signed A. E. Cahlan,

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day of February 1930.

Louise Sill



Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission expires
Dec. 28,1933.

(Notarial Seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 153.

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, State of Nevada, to borrow Eighteen Thousand Dollars, ($18,000.00), to
provide funds for the purposes of defraying that portion of the expenses determined
by said Board of Commissioners to be stood and borne by the City of Las Vegas for
the grading for and construction of Asphaltic Pavements Durite Process upon interior
squares or spaces formed by the intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys
and where lands belonging to said City, or public ground not taxable, abut on such
improvements, in connection with those certain improvements authorized and 
determined to be made underprovisions of Ordinance No. 149 of the City of Las Vegas; to
issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said bonds to be known
as "Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Bonds, Series A," and providing for
the payment of the principal and interest on said bonds, and other matters relating
thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Sec. 1. That for the purpose of defraying that portion of the expenses determined
by said Board of Commissioners to be stood and borne by the City of Las Vegas for the

grading for and construction of Asphaltic Concrete Pavements Durite Process upon the

interior squares or spaces formed by the intersection of streets and spaces opposite
alleys, and where lands belonging to said City or public ground not taxable, abut on
such improvements, in connection with those certain improvements authorized and 
determined to be made under the provisions of Ordinance No. 149 of the City of Las Vegas,
approved December 5, 1929, and entitled; "An Ordinance declaring the determination
of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements
in the City of Las Vegas by grading for and constructing Asphaltic Concrete Pavement-
Durite Process on certain streets, and portions of streets in said City; describing
definitely the location of said improvements; providing that the cost and expense thereof
shall be paid entirely by special assessment upon all the lots included in the
special assessment district, hereby established, according to benefits, except where
by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required to be
paid from the general fund of said City of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of
special assessment bonds, and also general bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the 
payment thereof and other matters relating thereto".

and in accordance with the provisions of said Ordinance No. 149, and in accordance
with the provisions of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas and amendments thereto,
and in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 110 of the Session Laws of the State
of Nevada for the year 1927, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby authorized and empowered to issue in the name of the said City Eighteen bonds,
in the denomination of One thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each, numbered from 1 to 18
consecutively, dated January 1, 1950 and to mature and become payable as follows:

Bond No. 1 shall become due and payable one year from the date thereof.

Bond No. 2 shall become due and payable two years from the date thereof.

Bond No. 3 shall become due and payable three years from the date thereof.

Bond No. 4 shall become due and payable four years from the date thereof.

Bond No. 5 shall become due and payable five years from the date thereof.

Bond No. 6 shall become due and payable six years from the date thereof.

Bond No. 7 shall become due and payable seven years from the date thereof.

Bond No. 8 shall become due and payable eight years from the date thereof.

Bond No. 9, shall become due and payable nine years from the date thereof.

Bond No. 10 shall become due and payable ten years from the date thereof.

Bond No. 11 shall become due and payable eleven years from the date thereof.

         Bond No. 12 shall be come due and payable twelve years from the date thereof.

Bond No. 13 shall become due and payable thirteen years from the date thereof.

Bond No. 14 shall become due and payable fourteen years from the date thereof.

Bond No. 15 shall become due and payable fifteen years from the date thereof.

Bond No. 16 shall become due and payable sixteen years from the date thereof.

bond No. 17 shall become due and payable seventeen years from the date thereof.

Bond No. 18 shall become due and payable eighteen years from the date thereof.

The payment and redemption of said bonds with be in the order of their issuance,
the lowest bond to be first paid and redeemed, and so on until the whole amount of
said bonds shall have been paid, and redeemed.

Each of said bonds shall have coupons attached representing each interest 
installment to date of maturity of the principal. Both principal and interest of said bonds
shall be payable in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at present standard,
at the office of the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, in the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada. Interest on said bonds shall cease as the same
mature. Said bonds shall bear annual interest at a rate not to exceed six per cent
per annum from the date thereof, payable semi-annually on the first day of July and
January of each year. Said Bonds shall be sold to the person or persons offering the
best and most advantageous terms therefor, but shall not be sold for less than par
value and accrued interest.

Sec. 2. The Board of City Commissioners shall cause said bonds to be prepared
and they shall be signed by the Mayor or the Mayor Pro Tem. and one City Clerk, and
Countersigned by the City Treasurer and authenticated by the seal of the City of Las
Vegas, Coupons representing the several interest installments of interest to fall due
thereon shall be attached to each bond so that they may be removed without injury to
the sane, numbered consecutively, and bear the signature or facsimile signature of the
Mayor and countersignature of the City Treasurer. The proceeds shall be placed in a
special fund and shall be used exclusively for the purposes above specified in such
manner and to such extent as the Board of Commissioners of said City may by ordinance,
order or resolution from time to time direct.

Sec. 3. Said bonds and coupons, with the necessary variations as to numbers
and maturities, shall be in substantially the following form, respectively, to-wit:
(Form of Bond)	

No._______ United States of America	

State of Nevada
County of Clark.

Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Bonds

Series A

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: That the City of Las Vegas, a municipal
corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, acknowledges
 itself to be indebted and for the value received hereby promises to pay the

bearer on the ________________day of________________, 19______, the principal sum of One

Thousand Dollars, together with interest thereon from the date thereof until paid,

at the rate of _______________________ per cent. (__%) per annum, payable semi-annually

on the first day of July and January of each year, which interest to the date of the
maturity of the principal is evidenced by and payable upon presentation and surrender
of the annexed interest coupons as they severally become due. Interest on this bond
shall cease on the date when the bond becomes due and payable. Both principal and 
interest on this bond are payable in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at present
standard, at the office of the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and for the prompt payment of the principal and interest of these
bonds as they respectively become due, the full faith, credit, and resources of said
City are hereby irrevocably pledged.

This bond is one of a series of like date, tenor and amount but different maturities
 issued for the purpose of defraying that portion of the expenses determined by the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to be stood and borne by said City for
the grading for and construction of Asphaltic Concrete Pavement Durite Process upon
the interior squares or spaces formed by the intersection of streets and spaces 
opposite alleys and where lands belonging to said City, or public ground not taxable, abut
on such improvements, in connection with those certain improvements on certain streets
and portions of streets in said City authorized and determined to be made under the 
provisions of Ordinance No. 149 of the City of Las Vegas, approved December 5, 1929, and is
authorized by and issued in full conformity with the requirements of the Constitution
and laws of the State of Nevada, including Chapter 110 of the Sessions Laws of the
State of Nevada, for the year 1927, and all acts of the legislature amendatory thereof
and supplemental thereto, and in full conformity with the provisions of said Ordinance
No. 149 and proceedings of the Board of City Commissioners of said City duly passed
and adopted.

It is further certified and recited that all acts, conditions and things
required by the Constitution and the laws of the State of Nevada to exist, happen and
to be performed precedent to and in the issuance of these bonds, have existed, happened
and have been performed in regular and due form, time and manner as required by law,
and that the amount of this bond, together with all other indebtedness of said City,
does not exceed any constitutional or statutory limitation.

IN WITNESS THEREOF, said Board of City Commissioners of said City have
caused this bond to be signed by the Mayor of said City, countersigned by the City 
Treasurer, and authenticated by the signature of the City Clerk and the seal of said City,
and the interest and coupons hereto annexed to be authenticated with, the lithographed
facsimile signature of said Mayor and countersignature of said City Treasurer, and this
bond to be dated the___________ day of ______________________ ___	____ 1930.

Mayor.

Attest:

City Clerk.

Countersigned:

City Treasurer.

No._________________

(Form of Coupon)

On the 1st day of July (1st day of January) , 19 _____________, the City of Las Vegas,

In the County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay to the bearer_____________ ______________Dollars,

in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at the present standard, at the office
of the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, being the semi-annual interest
then due on its "Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Bonds, Series A", dated
the________day of____________________,19____________.

Mayor.

Countersigned:

City Treasurer.

Section 4. The officials now or hereafter charged by law with the duty of levying
 taxes for the payment of said bonds and interest shall, in the manner provided by
law, make an annual levy sufficient to meet the annual payments of principal and semi-
annual payments of interest on said bonds maturing as herein provided. The proceeds
from the taxes levied shall be kept by the City Treasurer in a special Fund to be known
as the "Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Series A, Bond Redemption Fund,"
and the funds deposited therein shall be used only for the payment of interest on said
bonds, as the same becomes due and payable, and in the payment of the principal of and
retirement of said bonds as they respectively become due and payable under the terms
of this Ordinance.

Section 5. This Ordinance shall take effect imnmediately after its adoption

	

approval and publication in Las Vegas Age, A tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for one week, (three consecutive issues). 
Section 6. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Age a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for one
week (three consecutive issues).

Passed and adopted this 2nd day of January A.D. 1930, by the following vote: 
Commissioners Hanseel, Smith, Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting aye, Noes None.

First reading December 5, 1929.

Second and final reading January 2, 1930.

Approved this 2nd day of January 1930.



J. F. Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board
of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
County of Clark)

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of
Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clerk, State of Nevada, and that the attached City Ordinance
#153 was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of three issues
from Jan. 7 to Jan. 11 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: Jan. 7, 9 and 11 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the above named dates.
That the charge for publishing the same was $163.60.

Signed C.P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th day of Jan. 1930.

Frank A. Stevens

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada.

(Notarial Seal)
250
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE 0F NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark )

E. Cahlan being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is editor of the
Las Vegas Evening Review—Journal, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the 
attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of every issue for
one week from Jan. 7 to Jan. 13, 1930, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 13, 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named.

Signed A. E. Cahlan.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day of February 1930.

Louise Sill

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission expires
Dec. 28, 1933.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 155

An Ordinance regulating the practice of civil engineering and surveying in the
  City of Las Vegas, providing for the examination registration and licensing of persons
 engaged in the same, creating an examination board, and providing for a violation
thereof.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows;

Section 1. The practice of civil engineering and surveying, or either in the
City of Las Vegas is subject to the regulations prescribed in this Ordinance, and it
shall be unlawful for any person to practice civil engineering and surveying, or either
unless he shall obtain a license so to do, and shall be registered as provided in this
Ordinance.

Section 2. No person shall be entitled to obtain a license to practice civil
engineering and surveying, or either, from the City of Las Vegas, without first undergoing
 before a Board of Examination an examination as to his qualifications and competency
 as a Civil Engineer and surveyor, or either, and procuring from such Board a registration
 certificate thereof, except as hereinafter provided. Said Board of Examination
 shall consist of three members, to be appointed by the Board of City Commissioners,
 each of whom shall be a licensed and registered Civil Engineers, as defined by this
Ordinance. Not more than one representative of any one engineering organization shall
at any one time be a member of this of said Board of Examination, such Board shall
organize, adopt rules and regulations for its guidance, and elect one of its members
to be President, and another its Secretary. An affirmative vote of a majority of such
Board at a regular or special meeting thereof shall be sufficient to authorize the
issuance of such certificate to any applicant therefor such examination, such certificate
 to be signed by the President and Secretary of such Board. The Board of City
Commissioners may at any time remove any member of such Board and appoint his successor.
The records of said Board of Examination shall at all times be open to the inspection
of the Mayor and any Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, and such Board of Examination
shall make such reports to said Board of City Commissioners from time to time as may
be required by said Board of City Commissioners.

Section 3. No person shall be eligible to have issued to him the certificate 
provided for in Sec. 1 of this Ordinance who does not possess a good moral character, who
is not more than twenty-one years of age and has resided in the State of Nevada for a
period of six months prior to the issuance of such certificate, and shall be a graduate
from a school of engineering of recognized reputation and shall have had two years 
experience in the practice of the profession for which he seeks such certificate, or shall
have had six years experience in such profession, two years of which he shall have been
engaged in responsible charge of the work of the profession. Each applicant for examination
 shall present to such Board of Examination an affidavit setting forth therein
the period of his residence in the State of Nevada, his education, and experience in the
profession for which he seeks a certificate, and his age. The application for examination
shall be accompanied by a receipt issued by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,
showing that he has paid the sum of $15.00 as an examination fee. Such exanimation shall
be held by the Board of Examination not more than thirty days after the filing of the
application, of which the applicant shall receive at least three days notice. Any person
who has the qualifications prescribed in this section, and who has been actively engaged
in the practice of his profession in the City of Las Vegas for a period of one year 
immediately prior to the taking effect of this Ordinance shall be granted a certificate
of registration without examination upon the payment to the City Clerk of a registration
fee of Ten Dollars, if paid within ten days after this Ordinance takes effect, and
pays the license fee as hereinafter provided for. The scope of the examination shall be
prescribed by said Board of Examination. Said Board of Examination shall keep on file
in the office of the City Clerk a register of all applicants for certificates of registration,
 rejected applicants, and registered engineers and/or surveyors. Each Applicant
 who shall pass such examination shall be issued by said Board of Examination a
registration certificate upon payment of Ten Dollars registration fee and a license fee
of Three Dollars to the City Clerk. Such fee of three dollars shall be a license fee
for the practicing of such profession for one year or a fraction thereof. The City Clerk
upon such payment being made shall issue a City license therefor, but no such City
license shall entitle the holder to practice his profession unless he shall also be a
registered civil engineer and/or surveyor as herein provided. The license year shall
commence on January first of each year and end on the 31st day of December of the same
year beginning with the year 1930. Such license shall be renewed at the beginning of
each year. Each member of the Board of Examination shall be entitled to receive from the
City of Las Vegas the sum of $5.00 each out of each examination fee for each person so

examined, which shall be in full compensation for all services rendered under this Ordinance,


Ordinance, but to be entitled to receive such amount the member of such Board of examination
must have participated in the holding of such examination.

Sec. 4. Said Board of Examination shall have the power and it shall be its duty to
cancel add annul the certificate of registration provided for in the proceeding 
sections of this Ordinance, of any person holding the same, should it ascertain: 1. That
such person has done, or habitually does any work does any work in his profession,
which indicates that the holder of such certificate is unqualified to practice such
profession. 2. That such person has practiced fraud or deception in procuring the 
certificate of registration. 5. That such person practices fraud or deception in the practice
of his profession. 4. That such person has been convicted of a felony.

In prescribing procedure for the determination of the truth of falsity of any charge
against a registered civil engineer and/or surveyor having for its purpose the revocation
of his certificate of registration the accused person shall in every case have
reasonable notice of and opportunity to appear and be heard at any meeting thereon.

It shall be unlawful, for any person, whose certificate of registration has been
cancelled or annulled, to again engage in the work of his profession of civil engineer
and/or surveyor in the City of Las Vegas until he has been reinstates by the Board
of Examination and a new certificate of registration issued him.

Sec. 5. A license shall be required of a level man, instrument man, transit man or
other person considered in responsible charge of work in the profession in field or
office and they may obtain same without being registered by furnishing an affidavit that
they are working under a registered engineer and/or surveyor, and such license shall only
allow them to work under a registered civil engineer and/or surveyor. The amount and
time of the payment of the license fee shall be the same as that provided for in Section
 3 hereinabove. No such registration or license shall be required of laborers, ax-
man, rodman, flagmen, chairmen or others performing labor in a minor capacity. The terms
of this Ordinance shall not apply to engineers working for the United States Government,
 the State of Nevada or any railroad company unless they engage inprivate practice
as a civil engineer and/or surveyor in the City of Las Vegas, nor shall the same apply
to non-resident engineers and/or surveyors who come into the City of Las Vegas for 
consultation, collecting information or to give expert testimony in court.

Sec. 6. All maps of surveys which must be approved by the Board of City Commissioners
 of the City of Las Vegas shall be certified by a registered and licensed civil
engineer and/or surveyor.



Sec. 7. Definitions. A surveyor, within the meaning of this Ordinance is one who
practices the art of surveying. A civil engineer within the meaning of this ordinance
is one who practices any branch of the profession of engineering other than as mining,
metallurgical, military, or in architecture. The profession of civil engineering embraces
the design and supervision of the construction of all public and private utilities
 and other works which require experience, and the same technical knowledge as
engineering schools of recognized reputation prescribed for graduation, except those
in connection with mining operations exclusively.

Exceptions. This ordinance shall not apply so far as relates to the completion
of existing contracts held by any civil engineer and/or surveyor at the date of its
going into effect for civil engineering and/or surveying services to be performed in
said City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 8. It shall be unlawful for any surveyor or civil engineer to permit another
who is not registered and licensed to operate tinder his registration and/or license
except in such line as does not require registration and license, unless such person
is employed by such registered civil engineer and/or surveyor and holds a license as
hereinabove provided.

Sec. 9. Engineers and/or surveyors from outside the City of Las Vegas, except
those specifically excepted in Sec. 7 hereinabove, who are employed by the City of Las
Vegas on municipal works, county work of the County of Clark, or state work of the State
of Nevada, shall be governed by this Ordinance, except in the matter of six months
residence in the State of Nevada, for the period of the particular for which they are
employed. After the completion of the said work, if such engineer and/or surveyors
desire to continue the practice of the profession in Las Vegas, they shall be governed
by this Ordinance in its entirety, except that he shall be entitled to have credited
upon the residence requirement such period as he shall have been in the employment of
the City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 10. Any person, firm or corporation found guilty of a violation of this Ordinance,
 or any section thereof, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction
 thereof, shall be punishable by a fine of not exceeding two hundred dollars, or
by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period not exceeding one hundred days or by
both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 11. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions
of this Ordinance are hereby repealed.

Sec. 12. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after a period of ten days
after its passage, approval and complete publication for a period of one week (3 issues)
in Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 14 day of March 1930 by the following vote of the Board
of City Commissioners: Commissioners Smith, Hansell, and Thomas, voting Ave. Noes none.

First reading Feb. 6, 1930
Final reading Mar. 14, 1930.

Approved this 14 day of March 1930.

J. F. Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

City Seal.
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) SS
County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of Las
Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 156 of the City
of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of One Week from Mar.
18, 1930 to Mar. 22, 1930, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: Mar. 18, 20, 22, 1930

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the charge for publishing the same was $68.80

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th day of March, 1930.

____C . D. Breeze

My Commission expires May 26, 1931/	Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada.

	ORDINANCE NO. 156.

	An Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical installation, fixture and

collection work and providing of the examination of persons engaged in the same, and creating
  an examination board, and providing a penalty for a violation thereof.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. On and after thirty days from the passage of this Ordinance, it shall be
unlawful for any electrical contractor to do, or attempt to do, or cause to be done, except
as hereinafter provided, any electrical installation, fixture or connection work, whether
original work or Alteration, within any building in the City of Las Vegas, without first
undergoing before a Board of Examination as to his competency as an electrician or electrical
 worker and procuring from such Board certificate thereof. Said Board of Examination
shall consist of three members, one of whom shall be the Chief of the Fire Department, one
shall be the Electrical Inspector and the remaining member shall be a licensed Electrical
Contractor, said latter member to be appointed by the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, but the person so appointed may at any time be removed by the Resolution
or Order of the Board of City Commissioners of said City. Such Board shall organize, adopt
rules and regulations for its guidance and elect one of its members to be President, and
another its Secretary. An affirmative vote of a majority of such Board at a regular or
special meeting thereof shall be sufficient to authorize the issuance of such certificate
to any applicant therefor upon such examination, such certificate to be signed by the
President, and Secretary of such Board. The records of said Board of Examination shall at
all times be open to the inspection of the Mayor and any Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, and such Board of examination shall make such reports to said Board of City 
Commissioners from time to time as required by said Board of Commissioners.

Section 2. Said Board of Examiners shall have the power and it shall be its duty to
cancel and annul the certificate provided for in Section 1 of this Ordinance, of any person
holding the same, should it ascertain that such person or persons have done or habitually
do any work or cause or permit or allow to be done any work not in strict accordance with
approved electrical methods as defined by any Ordinance of he City of Las Vegas, or which
said Board may regard as dangerous to life or property, and it shall be unlawful for any
person, whose certificate has been so cancelled or annulled, to again engage in such work
until he has been reinstated by the Board of Examination and a new certificate issued him.

Section 3. Before filing with said Board of Examination his application for examination,
 as provided in Section 1, the applicant for an examination shall pay a fee of Twenty-
five Dollars, and such examination shall be held by the Board of Examination not more than
thirty days after the filing of the application, of which the applicant shall receive at
least three days notice. Such fee shall be paid to the City Clerk.

Section 4. The word "person" as used herein shall include also any firm of persons
or corporation and each member of such firm and each officer or employee of such corporation
 actively engaged in the performance or overseeing of the performance of any such installation
 or work as mentioned in Section 1 shall be required to take such examination and
receive such certificate from the Board of Examination.

Section 5. Any person failing to pass any such examination shall be entitled to have
returned to him the said sum of twenty-five dollars, but any person failing to pass such
examination shall not be permitted to take another examination at an earlier time than
thirty days after the last preceding examination had relating to such applicant, unless
otherwise prescribed by an order of such Board of examination.

Section 6. Any person, firm or corporation found guilty of a violation of this Ordinance,
 or any section thereof, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction
thereof, shall be punishable by a fine of not exceeding two hundred dollars, or by imprisonment
 in the City Jail for a period not exceeding one hundred days, or by both such fine
and imprisonment.

Section 7. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions of
this Ordinance are hereby repealed.
Section 8. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption
and publication for a period of one week (three issues) in Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly 
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 10 day of April 1930, by the following vote of the Board of City
Commissioners: German, Smith, end His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting aye. Noes none.

First reading Jan. 20, 1930.

Final reading April 10, 1930.

Approved this 10 day of April A.D. 1930.

J. F. Hesse.

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk and Clark of the Board
of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

State of Nevada )ss
County of Clark)

Charles P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Publisher of Las
Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada and that the attached Ordinance No. 156 of the City
of Las Vegas was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week from
April 12, 1930 to April 17th, 1930 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: April 12, 15, and 17, 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the charge for publishing the same was $54.00.

Signed Charles P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of May, 1930.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada.

My Commission expires May 26, 1931.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 157.

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las. Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada to borrow Forty-nine Thousand Five Hundred Ninety-five and 12/100 Dollars
($49,595.12) to cover certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and confirmed by the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of paying for the work of
making improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and construction of Asphaltic
Concrete Pavements Durite Process on certain streets, and portions of streets in said City,
to-wit: On Main Street, First Street, Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street, Lewis
Street, Clark Street, Bonneville Street, and Garces Street, to issue and sell the bonds
of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said bonds to be know as "Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement
 Improvement Bonds, Series C," and providing for the collection of said unsaid assessments
 by dividing the same into ten (10) annual installments and placing said installments
on the Tax Roll of Clark County and collecting same in the same manner as State and County
taxes are collected by law:

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS;

Section 1. That for the purpose of paying for the work of grading for and construction
 of Asphaltic Concrete Pavements Durite Process on certain streets and portions of
streets in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on to-wit: portions of Main Street, First Street,
Second Street, Third Street; Fourth Street, Lewis Street, Clark Street, Bonneville Street,
Garces Street, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada; for which special
assessments have hereto fore been levied and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners and
not paid in full by certain owners of property on said streets heretofore named, and in compliance
 with and by virtue and authority of a certain Act of the Legislature of the State
of Nevada, approved March 13, 1909, entitled, "An Act authorizing municipalities to issue
bonds for the purpose of paying the cost of municipal improvements for which special 
assessments are levied," as amended by a certain Act of the Legislature approved March 13,

1913, entitled "An act to amend Sections 1 and 2 of an act entitled, 'An Act to authorize
municipalities to issue bonds for the purpose of paying the cost of municipal improvements
for which special assessments are levied,' approved March 13, 1909, and other matter relating
thereto", and in accordance with City Ordinance No. 149 approved the 5th day of December,
 1929, entitled "An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading
for and constructing Asphaltic Concrete Pavement-Durite Process on certain streets, and 
portions of streets in said City; describing definitely the location of said improvements;
providing that the costs and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessments
upon all lots included in the special assessment district hereby established, according
to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof
are required to be paid from the general fond of said City of Las Vegas; providing for the
issuance of special assessment bonds and also general bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the
payment thereof and other matters relating thereto," and City Ordinance No. 151 approved
the 2nd day of January 1930, entitled "An Ordinance empowering and directing the Ex-Officio
City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special
assessment to defray the costs of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas
by grading for and construction of Asphaltic Concrete Pavements Durite Process on certain
streets and portions of streets in said City, according to the plats, diagrams and estimates
 of cost thereof on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas;

describing definitely the location of said improvements, stating the amounts of said
assessment, and designating the lots, lands and premises to be assessed according to
benefits; providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds for the payment thereof
and other matters Relating thereto,' and in accordance with the provisions of the Charter
of the City of Las Vegas, as amended by an act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada,
approved March 26, 1927, and in compliance with and by virtue and authority of a certain
 Act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, approved March 23, 1927, entitled
"An Act relating to bonds issued in counties, cities, towns, school districts, and
other municipal corporations, and repealing all acts and parts of acts in conflict
therewith;"

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS is hereby authorized and
empowered to issue in the name of said City Forty (40) bonds of the denomination of One
Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each, and Ten (10) bonds of the denomination of Nine
Hundred Fifty-nine, and 51/100 Dollars ($959.51), Four (4) of said bonds of the denomination
 of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) and One (l) bond of the denomination of

Nine Hundred Fifty-nine and 51/100 Dollars ($959.51) each, payable at annual periods
of from one to ten years from January 1, 1930, each bearing interest at the rate of not
to exceed seven per cent, per annum; said interest to be payable annually on the first
day of January of each year; which said bonds shall be sold to the bidder making the

best bid, but shall not be sold for less than par value and accrued interest.

Section 2. The Board of Commissioners of said City shall cause said bonds to
be prepared and they shall be signed by the mayor or Mayor Pro Tem, and the City Clerk,
and countersigned by the City Treasurer and authenticated by the seal of the City of
Las Vegas. Coupons representing the several installments of interest to fall due thereon
shall be attached to each bond so that they may be removed, without injury to the same,
numbered consecutively, and bear the signature or facsimile signature of the Mayor or
Mayor Pro Tem and countersignature of the City Treasurer. Said bonds shall be dated
January 1, A.D. 1930, and shall be sold at not less than their face or par value and
accrued interest, and the proceed thereof shall be placed in the General Fund of the
City of Las Vegas, to replace the money heretofore paid out of said General Fund for
making said improvement, by reason of the non-payment of certain Special assessments
by certain of the property owners at the time required by law. The said bonds shall be
known as and called "Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Bonds, Series C."

Section 5. The amount remaining unpaid of said Special Assessments for which
these bonds are to be issued, as shown by the assessment Roll on file in the office
of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas appears to be Forty-Nine Thousand Five Hundred
 ninety-five and 51/100 Dollars ($49,595.51), and said bonds and the said annual
installments due and to become due thereon for Ten (10) annual periods commencing
January 1, 1931, are and shall be a lien upon the lots and parcels of land hereinafter
particularly described, for the amounts of the assessments due thereon, together with
interest at the rate not to exceed seven (7%) per cent per annum from the first day of
January, 1930, until said bonds are paid, the exact amount of interest on said bonds
to be fixed and determined at the rate offered by the successful bidder on said bonds,
as provided by law, and the interest on said installments of said unpaid assessments
to be fixed by appropriate action of said Board of City Commissioners at the same rate
as the interest payable on said Bonds. The following are the names of the owners and
reputed owners of the lots and parcels of land and the amount of unpaid assessments
thereon:

In Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.

Lots l, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9 in Block 3, Hotel Nevada Mining Company, owner, assessment
 $73.52 each, total $661.68

Lot 10, Block 3, H. D. Busick, owner, assessment $75.52

Lot 11, Block 3, J. M. Miller owner, assessment $73.52

Lots 12, and 13, Block 3, Miller-Busick Corporation, owner, assessment $73.52 each
total $147.04.

Lots 14, 15, 16, Martin Kiwisar, owner, assessment $73.52 each, total $220.56

Lots 1 and 2, Block 4, Elizabeth Gamble, owner, assessment $73.52 each total $147.04
Lots 3 and 4, Block 4, Estate of Dora Smith, deceased, owner, assessment $73.52
each, total $147.04

Lots 5, 6, 7, and 8, Block 4, Ed Von Tobel, owner, assessment $73.52 each, total $294.08
Lot 9, Block 4, Thomas P. A. Valdez, owner, assessment $73.52

Lots 10, and 11, Block 4, Henry F. Barnewolt, owner, assessment $73.52 each, total
$147.04.

Lots 12, and 13 Block 4, Thomas J. Parker, owner, assessment $73.52, total $147.04
Lots 14, 15, and 16, Block 4, D. Peccetto, owner, assessment $73.52 each total $220.56
Lots 1, 2, 3, Block 5, Mrs. C. C. Bray Jeske, owner, assessment $73.52 each, total $220.56
Lots 4, 5, 6, and 7, Block 5, Agnes Goucher, owner, assessment $73.52 each Total
$294.03

Lots 8, 9, and 10, Block 5, Estate of George B. Nickols, owner assessment lot 8,
$73.52, lot 9, $83.96, lot 10, $94.40, total $251.88.

Lots 11, 12, and 13, Block 5, Julia Lorenzi owner, assessment lot 11, $104.84, lot
12, $115.28, and lot 13, $125.72, total $345.84

Lots 14, 15, and 16, Block 5, L. H. and R. E. Roackwell, owners, assessment lot 14,
$136.16, lot 15, $146.60, lot 16, $157.04, total $439.80.

Lots 20, 21, and 22 Block 5, Nellie Goult, owner, assessment, lot 20, $52.20, lot
21, $41.76, lot 22, $31.32, total $125.28.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 6, Fred H. Callihan, owner, assessment, lot 1, $157.04, lot
2, $146.60, total $303.64.

Lots 3, 4, 5, and 6, Block 6, Charles Dase, owner, assessment, lot 3, $136,16, lot
4, $125.72, lot 5, $115.28, lot 6, $104.84, total $482.00

Lots 7 and 8, Block 6, Mrs. D. Campbell, owner, assessment lot 7, $94.40 lot 8
$83.96, total, $178.36.

Lots 9 and 10, Block 6, Mrs. Johanna Andrino, owner, assessment lot 9, $83.96, lot
10, $94.40, to tal $178.36.

Lots 11, and 12, Block 6, Gus Allen, owner, assessment lot 11, $104.84, lot 12
$115.28, total $220.12.

Lot 13, Block 6, Vernon Bunker, owner, assessment $125.72.

Lot 14, C. C. Ronnow, owner, assessment, $136.16. (Block 6)

Lots 15, and 16, Block 6, Ed. W. Clark, owner, assessment, lot 15, $146.60, lot 16
$157.04, total $303.64.
Lots 17, 18, and 19, Block 6, Victor Yturri, owner, assessment, lot 17, $150.65, lot
18, $140.21, lot 19, $129.77, total $420.63.

Lots 20, 21, and 22, Block 6, C. C. Ronnow, owner, assessment, lot 20, $119.33, lot 21,
$108.89, lot 22, $98.45, total $326.67.

Lot 23, Block 6, F. L. Duncan, owner, assessment, $88.01.

Lots 24 and 25, Block 6, Ed Von Tobel, owner, assessment, $77.57 each, total, $155.14

Lot 26, Block 6, Thomas J. Parker, owner, assessment, $88.01.

Lots 27, and 28, Block 6, Mrs. Ed Hall, owner, assessment, lot 27, $98.45, lot 28,
$108.89, total, $207.34.

The west 60 feet of Lots 29, 30, 31, and 32, Block 6, Lee Barker, owner, assessment, W.

60 ft. lot 29, $51.14, W. 6o ft. lot 30, $55.62, W. 60 ft. of lot 31, $60.09, W. 60 ft.
lot 32, $64.50, total $231.35.

The east 30 ft. of lots 29, 30,31, and 32, Block 6, A. Corradetti, owner, assessment
E. 80 ft. lot 29, $68.19, E. 80 ft. lot 30, $74.15, E. 80 ft. lot 31, $80.12, E. 80 ft.
lot 32, $86.09, total $308.55.

Lots 1, 2, 3, and 4, Block 7, Charles H. Beckerman, owner, assessment, lot 1, $157.04,
lot 2, $146.60, lot 3, $136.16, lot 4, $125.72, total $565.52.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 7, Celestine Lallemand, owner, assessment, lot 5, $115.28, lot
6, $104.84, total, $220.12.

Lot 7, Block 7, Lawrence Chappell, owner, assessment, $94.40

Lot 8, Block 7, LeRoy Whipple, owner, assessment $85.96.

Lot 10, Block 7, W. H. Elwell, Inc; owner, assessment $94.40.

lot 11, Block 7, Celestine Lallemand, owner, assessment $104.84.

Lot 12, Block 7, Ed. Von Tobel, owner, assessment, $115.28.

Lot 13 Block 7, W. H. Elwell, Inc. owner, assessment, $125.72.

Lot 14, Block 7, Mrs. L. A. Rockwell, owner, assessment, $136.16.

The E. half of lots 15, and 16, Block 7, Charles Beckerman, owner, assessment E. half
lot 15 $73.30, E. half of lot 16, $78.52, total $151.82.

Lots, 17, 18, 19, and 20, Block 7, Joseph Smith, owner, assessment, lot 17, $150.65,

lot 18, $140.21, lot 19, $129.77, lot 20, $119.33, total $539.96.

S. half of lot 21, Block 7, Joseph Smith. Owner, assessment $54.45.

N. half lot 21, Block 7, Mrs. Minnie Davison, owner, assessment $54.45.

Lots 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, Block 7, Mrs. Minnie Davison, owner, assessment lot
22, $98.45, lot 23, $88.01, 24, $77.57, lot 25, $77.57, lot 26, $88.01, lot 27, $98.45,
total $528.06.

Lots 28, and 29 Block 7, Joe S. Ronnow, owner, assessment Lot 28, $108.98, lot 29
$119.33, total $228.22.

Lots 30, 31, and 32 Block 7, Ed. W. Clark, owner, assessment, lot 30, $129.77, lot
31, $140.21, and lot 32, $150.65, total $420.63.

Lots, 17, 18, 19, 20, and 21, Block 8, A. F. Smith, Jr. owner, assessment, lot 17,

$150.65, lot 18, $140.21, lot 19, $129.77, lot 20, $119.33, lot 21, $108.89, total $648.85

Lots 22, and 23, Block 8, R. Schouten, owner, assessment, lot 22, $98.45, lot 23
$88.01, total $186.46.

Lots 24, 25, 26, and 27, Block 8, Southern Nevada Realty Company owner, assessment
lots 24 and 25, $77.57 each, lot 26, $88.01, lot 27, $98.45, total $341.60.

Lot 28, Block 8, F. L. Duncan, owner, assessment, $108.89,

Lots 29 and 30, Block 8, R. S. Clarke, owner, assessment, lot 29, $119.33, lot 30
$129.77, total, $249.10.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 8, J. M. Morgan, owner assessment, lot 31, $140.21, lot 32
$150.65, total, $290.86.

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, Block 9, L. H. and R. E. Rockwell, owners, assessment, lot 1,

$150.65, lot 2, $140.21, lot 3, $129.77, lot 4, $119.33, lot 5, $108.89, total
$648.85.

Lot 6, Block 9, Wm. D. Higbee, owner, assessment $98.45.

Lot 7, Block 9, Wm. E. Ellis, owner, assessment, $688.01

Lots 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12, Block 9, J. H. Moore, owner, assessment, lot 8, and 9
$77.57 each, lot 10, $88.01, lot 11, $98.45, lot 11 $98.45, lot 12, $108.89, total $450.49.

Lots 13, 14, 15, and 16, Block 9, Luella Dees, owner, assessment, lot 13, $119.33,
lot 14 $129.77, 1ot 15, $140.21, lot 26, $150.65, total $450.00.

Lots 17, and 18, Block 9, Francisca Graglia owner, assessment, lot 17, $150.65
lot 18, $140.21, total $290.86.

Lots 19 and 20, Block 9, Ed Vann, owner, assessment, lot 19, $129.77, lot 20
$119.33, total $249.10.

Lots 21, 22, and 23, Block 9, Nellie Goult, owner, assessment, lot 21, $108.89,
lot 22, $98.45, lot 23, $88.01, total $295.35.

Lot 24, Block 9 B. V. Smith, owner, assessment $77.57.

Lot 25, Block 9, B. V. Smith, owner, S½ thereof assessment $38.79, and Henry
Matteucci N½ thereof assessment $38.78.

Lot 28, Block 9, Henry Matteucci, owner, assessment $88.01.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 9, Manuel Champo, owner, assessment, lot 27 $98.45, 1ot
28. $108.89, total $207.34.

Lots 29 and 30 Block 9, Orazio Lorenzo, owner, assessment, lot 29, $119.33,
lot 30, $129.77, total $249.10.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 9, F. E. Duncan owner, assessment lot 31 $140.21, lot 32
$150.65, total, $290.86.

The W. 100 ft. of lots 1 and 2 in Block 10, J. J. Tuckfield, owner, assessment,

W. 100 ft. lot 1, $107.61, W. l00 ft. lot 2, Block l0, $100.15, total $207.76.

The E. 40 ft. of lots 1 and 2, Block 10, Julia May French, owner, assessment
E. 40 ft. lot 1, $43.04, E. 40 ft. lo t 2, $40.06, to tal $83.10.

Lots 3 and 4 Block 10, Fred Backert, owner, assessment lot 3, $129.77, lot 4
$119.33, total $249.10.

Lots 5, 6, 7, and 8, Block 10, Wm. M. Haig, owner, assessment, lot 5, $108.89, 1ot
6, $98.45, lot 7, $88.01, lot 8, $77.57, total, $372.92.

Lots 9, 10, and 11, Block 10, W. G. Morse, owner, assessment, lot 9, $77.57,
lot 10, $88.01, lot 11, $98.45, total $264.03.

Lots 12, 13, and 14, Block 10, Mrs. Ruth Griffith, owner, assessment, lot 12

$108.89, lot 115, $119.33, lot 14 $129.77, total $357.99.

Lots 15 and 16, Block 10, Otto A. Kimball, owner, assessment lot 15, $140.21,
lot 16, $150.65, total $290.86.

Lots 17, 18, 19, and 20 Block 10, Earl F. Davison, owner, assessment lot 17,

$150.65, lot 18, $140.21, lot 19, $129.77, lot 20, $119.33, total, $540.00
Lot 21, Block 10, Alice G. Blackett, owner, assessment lot 21, $108.89.

Lot 22, Block 10, Lyann Botts, owner, assessment $98.45,

Lots 24 and 25, Block 10, L. H. and R. E. Rockwell, owners, assessment $77.57 each, total
$155.14.

Lot 23, Block 10, Adolph H. Sittle, owner, assessment $88.01.

Lots 26 and 27, Block 10, Mrs. Fransisca Graglia, owner assessment, lot 26, $88.01, lot
27, $98.45, total $186.46.

Lot 28, Block 10, Marion Earl, owner, assessment $108.89.

Lots 29 and 30. Block 10, A. H. Harrington, owner, assessment, lot 29, $119.33, lot 30,
$129.77, total $248.10.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 10, Louise Lemon, owner, assessment lot 51 $140.21, lot 32, $150.65
total $290.86.

Lots l, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 Block 11 C. E. Caskey, owner, assessment lot 1, $150.65, lot 2
$140.21, lot 3, $129.77, lot 4, $119.33, lot 5, $108.89, lot 6, $98.45, total $747.30
Lots 7 and 8 Block 11, Mrs. Charles Fenzel, owner, assessment lot 7, $88.01, lot 8.
$77.57, total $165.58.

Lots 9 and 10, Block 11, Eddie Gellelle, owner, assessment lot 9, $77.57, lot 10, $88.01,
total, $165.58.

Lots 11 and 12, Block 11, T. M. Carroll, owner, assessment lot 11, $98.45, lot 12,
$108.89, total $207.34.

Lots 13, 14, 15, and 16, Block 11, Mildred Heffner, owner, assessment lot 13, $119.33,
lot 14, $139.77, lot 15, $140.21, lot 16, $150.65, total $540.00

Lots 17, 18, 19 and 20 Block 11, Estate of Dora Smith, deceased, lot 17, $150.65, lot 18
$140.21, lot 19, $129.77, lot 20, $119.35, total $540.00
Lot 21 Block 11, Sarah Root, owner, assessment $108.89,

Lot 22, Block 11, Mrs. Roy Neagle, owner, assessment, $98.45.

Lot 23, Block 11, F. G. Rau and son, owners, assessment $88.01.

Lot 24, 25, 26, and 27, Block 11, Carl Ray, owner, assessment, lots 24 and 25, $77.57
each, lot 26, $88.01, lot 27, $98.35, total $341.60

Lots 28 and 29, Block 11, Boulder Lumber and Supply Co; owner, assessment lot 28 $108.89,
lot 29 $119.33, total $228.22.

S. 15 ft. of lot 30, Block 11, Paul D. Hosman, Fred H. Miller, and Irene Turner Hosman,
owners, assessment $77.85;

No. 10 ft. lot 30 Block 11. F. G. Rau and son, owner, assessment $51.92.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 11. F. G. Rau and son, owners, assessment lot 31. $140.21, 1ot 32,
$150.65, total $290.86.

Lots 10 and 11, Block 12, Mrs. Etta Hitt, owner, assessment lot 10, $20.88, lot 11,

$31.32, total $52.70

Lots 12 and 13 Block 12, J. L. Finney, owner, assessment lot 12, $41.76, lot 13, $52.20
total $93.96.	

Lots 14, 15 and 16, Block 12, Ed Von Tobel, owner, assessment lot 14, $62.64, lot 15
$73.08, lot 16, $83.52, total $219.24.

Lot 17, Block 12, Adolph Levy, owner, assessment $83.52.

S. 8 l/3 ft. Lot 18, Block 12, Adolph Levy, owner, assessment $24.36.

N. 16 2/3 ft. Lot 18, S. 16 2/3 ft. Lot 19 Block 12, M. E. Ward, owner, assessment No.

16 2/3 ft Lot 18, $48.72, S. 16 2/3 ft, lot 19, $41.76, total $90.48.

No. 8 l/3 ft. lot 19, and lot 20, Block 12, Adolph Schwartz, owner, assessment, N. 8 1/3
ft. Lot 19 $20.88 and Lot 20 $52.20, total $73.08.

Lots 21, 22, 23, and 24, Block 12, Mrs. Albert James, owner, assessment 21, $41.76,
lot 22, $31.32, lot 23, $20.28, lot 24, $10.44, total $104.40.

S. 15 ft lot 14, lots 15 and 16, Block 21, E. S. Sheppard owner, assessment S. 15 ft, lot
14, $37.58, lot 15, $75.08, lot 16, $83.52, total $194.18.

Lots 17 and 18 Block 21, L. L. Carson, owner, assessment, lot 17, $83.52, lot 18, $73.08,
total $156.60.

Lots 20 and 21 Block 21, Cyril Wengert, owner, assessment lot 20, $52.20, lot 21,
$41.76, total $93.96.

Lots 22 and 23, Block 21, Ernest Cragin, owner, assessment lot 22, $31.32, lot 23,

$20.88, total, $52.70.

Lots 9 and 10, Block 22, Julia Lorenzi, owner, assessment, Lot 9, $77.57, lot 10, $88.01,
total $165.58.

Lots 11 and 12, Block 22, Mrs. Edith Johnson, owner, assessment lot 11, $98.45, lot 12,
$108.89, total $207.34.

Lot 13, Block 22, D. J. Ronnow, owner, assessment, $119.33.

N. half lot 14 Block 22, D. J. Ronnow, owner, assessment, $64.88.

S. half of lot 14, Block 22, and lots 15, 16, 17, and 18, Block 22, J. J. Tuckfield owner,
assessment, S. half of lot 14, $64.89, Lots 15 and 18, $140.21, each, Lots 16 and 17,
$150.65 each, total $646.61.

Lots 19 and 20 Block 22, Charles Doyle and Joseph Doyle, owners, assessment lot 19,

$129.77, lot 20 $119.33, total $249.10.

Lots 21 and 22 A. D. Hinrichsen, owner, assessment Lot 21, $108.89, lot 22, $98.45, total
$207.34.

Lots 23, and 24, Block 22, O. K. Adcock, owner, assessment, lot 23 $88.01, lot 24, $77.57,
total $165.58.

Lots 25 and 26, Block 22, F. M. Doolittle, owner, assessment Lot 25, $77.57, lot 26,

$88.01, total $165.58

Lots 27, 28, and 29, Block 22, Estate of Lorenzo D. Creel, owner, assessment lot 27,
$98.45, lot 28, $108.89, lot 29, $119.33, total $326.67.

Lots 30, 31 and 32, Block 22, Cora Noblitt, owner, assessment lot 30, $129.77, lot 31,

$140 .21, lot 32, $150.65, total, $420.63.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 23, Mary Ottinger owner, assessment, lot 1, $150.65, lot 2, $140.21,
total $290.86.

Lots 7 and 8, Block 25, Boggs Brothers, owners, assessment Lot 7, $88.01, lot 8, $77.57,
total $165.58.

Lots 9 and 10, Block 23, L. W. Flaherty, owner, assessment Lot 9, $77.57, lot 10,

$88.01, total $165.58.

Lots 11 and 12, Block 23, Gwyda Maydell Pistole, owner, assessment lot 11, $98.45, lot
12, $108.89, total $207.34,

Lots 13 and. 14, Block 23, Brady Golden owner, assessment lot 13, $119.33, lot 14,

$229.77, total $249.10.

Lots 15 and 16, Block 23, G. C. Akers, owner, assessment lot 15, $140.21, lot 16, $150.65,
total $290.86.

Lots 17 and 18, Block 23, O. J. Potthoff, owner, assessment lot 17, $150.65, lot 18,
$140.21, total $290.86.

Lots 21 and 22, A. F. Wengert, owner, assessment lot 21, $108.89, lot 22, $98.45, total
$207.34.
Lots 25 and 26, Block 23, E. F. Walters, owner, assessment, lot 25, $77.57, lot 26,
$88.01, total $165.58.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 23, T. B. Croal, owner, assessment, lot 31, $140.21, lot 32,
$156.65, total $290.86.

Lots 1 and 2; Block 24, J. J. Curtis owner, assessment, lot 1, $150.65, lot 2,
$140.21, total $290.86.

Lots 5 and 6, James Williams, owner, assessment, lot 5, $108.89, lot 6, $98.45,
total $207.34.

Lots 11, and 12, Block 24, Earl M. Smith, owner, assessment lot 11, $98.45,

lot 12, $108.89, total $207.34.

Lots 13 and 14, Block 24, Boggs Brothers, owners, assessment, lot 13, $119.33,
lot 14, $129.77, total $249.10.

Lots 17 and 18, Block 24, W. H. Paulus owner, assessment lot 17, $150.65, lot

18, $140.21, total $290.86.

Lots 19 and 20, Block 24, Thos. E. McFee, owner, assessment, lot 19, $129.77,
lot 20, $119.33 total $249.10.

Lots 21 and 22, Block 24, Emma Elizabeth West, owner, assessment, lot 21,
$108.89, lot 22, $98.45.

Lots 23 and 24, Block 24, H. M. Downing, owner, assessment lot 23, $88.01,
lot 24, $77.57, total $165.58.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 24, C. M. Atherton, owner, assessment, lot 27, $98.45,
lot 28, $108.89, total $207.34.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 24, K. A. Willetts, owner, assessment, lot 29, $119.33,
lot 30, $129.77, total $249.10.

Lots 31 and 32. Block 24, W. R. Nesbit, owner, assessment, lot 31, $140.21,
lot 32, $150.65, total $290.86.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 25, E. V. Mc Donald, owner, assessment, lot 1, $150.65,
lot 2, $140.21, total $290.86.

Lots 3 and 4, Block 25, O. C. Stocker, owner, assessment, 1 to 3, $129.77, lot
4, $119.33, total, $249.10.

Lots 9 and 10, Block 25, Antone Matteucci, owner, assessment, lot 9, $77.57,
lot 10, $88.01 total $165.58.

Lots 15 and 16. Block 25, George P. Roy, owner, assessment, lot 15, $140.21,
lot 16, $150.65, total, $290.86.

Lots 19 and 20, Block 25, C. J. and Ruth Harvey, owners, assessment, lot 19,
$129.77, lot 20, $119.33, total $248.10.

Lots 21 and 22, Block 25, Lloyd R. Hilke, owner, assessment lot 21, $108.89,
lot 22, $98.45, total $207.34.

Lots 23 and 24, Block 25, Earl M. Bobbs, owner, assessment lot 23, $88.01,
lot 24, $77.57, total $165.58.

Lots 25 and 26, Block 25 Mrs. S. E. Yates, owner, assessment, lot 25, $77.57,
lot 25, $88.01, total $165.58.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 25, Truman C. Higbee, owner, assessment, lot 27, $98.45,
lot 28, $108.89, total $207.34.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 25, Dave Kramer, owner, assessment, lot 29, $119.33,
lot 30, $129.77 total $249.10.

Lots land 2, Block 26, Anna Walters, owner, assessment, lot 1, $150.65, lot
2, $140.21, total $290.86.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 26, Roy C. Mosbach, owner, assessment, lot 5, $108.89,
lot 6, $98.45, total $207.34.

Lots 7 and 8, Block 26, Frank Thompson, owner, assessment, lot 7, $88.01, lot
8, $77.57, total $165.58.

Lots 15 and 16, Block 26, M. L. Garner, owner, assessment, lot 15, $140.21, lot
16, $150.65, total $290.86.

Lots 17 and 18, Block 26, Roy A. Richart, owner, assessment lot 17, $150.65,
lot 18, $140.21, total $290.86.

Lots 21 and 22, Block 26, Grace A. Snyder, owner, assessment, lot 21, $108.89,
lot 22, $98.45, total $207.34.

Lots 23 and 24, Block 26, Frank Thompson, owner, assessment lot 23, $88.01,
lot 24, $77.57, total $165.58.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 26, Mrs. Ida Anderson, owner, assessment, lot 29, $119.33,
lot 30, $129.77, total $249.10.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 26, Oscar L. Peiffer, owner, assessment, lot 31, $140.21,
lot 32, $150.65, total $290.86.

The E. 50 ft. of lots 1, 2, 3, and 4, Block 27, W. H. Elwell, Inc; owner, assessment
E. 50 ft. lot 1, $53.08, E. 50 ft. lot 2, $50.07, E. 50 ft. lot 3, $46.35, E. 50 ft.
lot 4, $42.64, total $192.84.

The W. 90 ft. of lots 1, 2, 3, and 4, Block 27, Estate of Dora Smith, deceased,
owner, assessment, W. 90 ft, lot 1, $96.85, the W. 90 ft. lot 2, $90.14, the W. 90
ft. lot 5, $83.42, the W. 90 ft, lot 4, $76.71, total $347.12.

Lots 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10 Block 27, J. B. Larvey, owner, assessment, lot 5, $108.89
lot 6, $98.45, lot 7, $88.01,lot 8, $77.57, lot 9, $77.57, lot 10, $88.01, total $538.50.

Lots 11 and 12, Block 27, Lewis C. Pico, owner, assessment, lot 11 $98.45,
lot 12, $108.89, total $207.34.

Lots 13 and 14, Block 27, Karl Gantner, owner, assessment, lot 13, $119.33,
lot 14, $129.77, total $249.10.

Lots 15 and 16, Block 27, J. J. Tuckfield, owner, assessment, lot 15, $140.21
lot 16, $150.65, total $290.86.

Lots 17, 18, 19, 20, 21 and 22, Block 27, Williams Jones, owner, assessment lot
17, $150.65, lot 18, $140.21, lot 19, $129.77, lot 20, $119.33, lot 21, $108.89, lot
22, $98.45, total $747.30.

Lots 23 and 24, Block 27, Earl M. Dobbs, owner, assessment, lot 23, $88.01,
lot 24, $77.57, total $165.58.

Lots 27, 28, 29 and 30, Block 27, Otto Westlake, owner, assessment lot 27,
$93.45, lot 28, $108.89, lot 29, $119.33, lot 30, $129.77, total $456.44.

W. half of lots 31 and 32, Block 27, W. H. Elwell, Inc. owner, assessment, W.
half lot 31, $70.10, W. half lot 32, $75.32, total $145,42.

Lot 9, Block 28, Sam Gay, owner, assessment $10.44.

Lots 10 and 11, Block 28, W. H. Elwell Inc. owner, assessment lot 10, $20.88, 
lot 11 $31.32, total $52.20.

Lots 12 and 13, Block 28, Joseph Smith, owner, assessment lot 12, $41.76,
lot 13, $52.20, total $93.86.

Lots 17, 18, 19, Block 28, Fred. J. George, owner, assessment, lot 17, $85.52,
lot 18, $73.08, lot 19, $62.64, total $219.24.

Lots 20 and 21, Block 28, Mrs. Mary Van Dyke, owner, assessment, lot 20,

$52.20, lot 21, $41.76, total $93.86.

Lots 22, and 23, Block 28, Charles, J. and Ella V. Hammond, owners, assessment
lot 22, $31.32, lot 23, $20.88, total $52.20.
Lot 24, Block 28, Louise Conklin, owner, assessment lot 24 $10.44.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 39, Carl Ray, owner, assessment lot 1, $150.65, lot 2, $140.21
total $290.86.

Lots 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7, Block 39, George A. Allen, owner, assessment lot 25, $129.77,
lot 4, $119.33, lot 5, $108.89, lot 6, $98.45, lot 7, $88.01, total $543.45.

Lots 11, and 12, Block 39, Gus Lundholm, owner, assessment lot 11, $98.45, lot 12,
$108.89, total $207.34.

Lots 13 and 14, Block 39, Fred Lundholm, owner, assessment lot 13, S119.33, lot 14
$129.77, total $249.10.

Lots 15 and 16, Block 39, Gerald Nelson, owner, assessment, lot 15, $140.21, lot
16, $150.65, total, $290.86.

Lots 17, 18, 19, and 20, Block 39, Charles J. and Ella V. Hammond, owners, assessment,
 lot 17, $83.52, lot 18, $73.08, lot 19, $62.64, lot 20, $52.20, total $271.44.

Lots 21 and 22, Block 39, Berth. and Helen I. Johnson, owners, assessment, lot 21
$41.76, lot 22, $251.32, total $73.08.

Lots 23 and 24, Block 39, Oscar L. Peiffer, owner, assessment, lot 23, $20.88,
lot 24, $10.44, total $31.32.

Lots 25 and 26, Block 39, Mildred Heffner, owner, assessment, lot 25, $10.44,
lot 26, $20.88, total $31.32.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 39, C. D. Breeze, owner, assessment lot 27, $31.32, lot
28 $41.76, total $73.08.

Lots 29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 39 , Carrie L. Blood, owner, assessment lot 29, $52.20
lot 30, $62.64, lot 31, $73.08, lot 32, $83.52, total $271.44.

Lots 1, 2, and 3, Block 40, J. T. Ullom, owner, assessment, lot 1, $150.65, lot

2, $140.21, lot 3, $129.77, total $420.63.

North 15 ft. of lot 4, Block 40, J. T. Ullom, owner, assessment $71.61.

Lot 5 and the S. 10 ft. of lot 4, Block 40, C. J. Harvey, owner assessment, S. 10
ft. of lot 4, $47.72, lot 5, $108.89, total $156.61.

Lots 6 and 7, Block 40, Frank and Ruby Cross, owners, assessment lot 6, $98.45,
lot 7, $88.01, total $186.46.

Lot 8, Block 40, O. O. Hamilton, owner, assessment $77.57.

Lots 9, 10, and 11, Block 40, Thomas Sager, owner, assessment lot 9, $77.57,

lot 10, $88.01, lot 11, $98.45, total $264.03.

Lots 12 and 13, Block 40, Larry and Lucille Simons owners, assessment lot 12,
$108.89, lot 13, $119.33, total $228.22.

Lots 14, 15, and 16, Block 40, George Zettler, owner, assessment lot 14, $129.77,
lot 15, $140.21, lot 16, $150.65. total $420.63.

Lots 17, 18, 19, and 20, Block 40, T. M. Carroll, owner, assessment lot 17,

$83.52, lot 18, $73.08, lot 19, $62.64, lot 20, $52.20, total $271.44.

Lots 21, 22, and 23, Block 40, William Spiers, owner, assessment, lot 21, $41.76,
lot 22, $31.32 lot 23, $20.88, total $93.96.

Lots 24 and 25, Block 40, James G. Stone, owner, assessment lot 24, $10.44, lot
25, $10.44, total $20.88.

Lots 26, 27, and 28, Block 40, J. T. Ullom, owner, assessment lot 26, $20.88,
lot 27, $31.32, lot 28, $41.76. total $93.96.

Lots 29, 30, 31, and 32, Block 40, Charles, J. and Ella V. Hammond, owners,
assessment lot 29, $52.20, lot 30, $62.64, lot 31, $73.08, lot 32, $83.52, total $271.44.

In South Addition._____________________

Lot 27, Block 1, John Skiffington, owner, assessment $31.32.

Lot 28, Block 1, S. F. Taylor, owner assessment $41.76.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 1, William D. Seevers, owner, assessment lot 29, $52.20,
lot 30, $62.64, total $114.84.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 1, Curez Torres, owner, assessment, lot 31, $73.08,
lot 32, $83.52, total $156.60.

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, Block 6, Mayme Melott, owner, assessment lot 1, $83.52,
lot 2, $73.08, lot 3, $62.64, lot 4, $52.20, lot 5, $41.76, lot 6, $31.32, total $344.42.

Lots 7 and 8, Block 6, A. C. Vary, owner, assessment lot 7, $20.88, lot 8,
$10.44, total $31.32.

Lots 25 and 26, Block 6, E. H. Davis, owner, assessment lot 25, $10.44, lot 26
$20.88, total $31.32.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 6, Ralph F. Farley, owner, assessment lot 27, $31.32,
lot 28, $41.76, total $73.08.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 6, 20-30 Club, owner, assessment, lot 29, $52.20,
lot 30, $62.64, total $114.84.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 6, George W. Beard, owner, assessment lot 31, $73.08,
lot 32, $83.52, total $156.60.

Lots 3 and 4, Block 11, William and Mildred Copleman, owners, assessment, lot

3, $62.64, lot 4, $52.20, total $114.84.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 11, Mary Gaddes, owner, assessment lot 5, $41.76,
lot 6, $31.32, total $73.08.

Lots 7 and 8, Block 11, H. P. Marble, owner, assessment lot 7, $20.88, lot 8,
$10.44, total $31.32.

Lots 28 and 29, Block 11, Frank C. Crookston, owner, assessment lot 28, $41.76,
lot 29, $52.20, total $93.96.

Lots 30, 31, and 32, Block 11, H. L. Perry, owner, assessment lot 30, $62.64,
lot 31, $73.08, lot 32, $83.52, total $219.34.

Lots 1, 2, 3, and 4, Block 15, A. F. Smith, Jr. owner, assessment lot 1, $83.52,
lot 2, $73.08, lot 3, 62.64. lot 4, $52.20, total $271.44.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 15, Johnson L. and Iris White, owners, assessment, lot
5, $41.76, lot 6, $31.32, total $73.08.	

Lots 7 and 8. Block 15, Fred J. George, owner, assessment lot 17, $20.88,
lot 63, $10.44, total, $31.32.

Lots 25 and 26, Block 15, Miss Isabella McCrystal, owner, assessment, lot
25, $10.44 lot 26, $20.88, total $31.32.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 15, Earl F. Egglington, owner, assessment lot 27,

$51.32 lot 28, $41.76, total $73.08.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 15, Dave and Daisy Kramer, owners, assessment lot 29,
$52.20, lot 30, $62.64, total $114.84.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 15, F. A. Gibson, owner, assessment lot 31, $73.08, lot
32, $83.52, total $156.60.

Lots 1, 2, and 3, Block 19, Irma Dunfee, owner, assessment lot 1 $83.52, lot
2, $73.08 lot 3, $62.64, total $219.24.

Lots 4, 5, 6, and 7, Block 19, George A. Brown, owner, assessment lot 4, $52.20,
lot 5, $41.76, lot 6, $31.32, lot 7, $20.88, total $146.16.
Lot 8, Block 19, Den Cruscian, owner, assessment, $10.44.

Lots 25, 26, 27, and 28, Block 19, Walter Bracken, owner, assessment lot 25, $10.44,
lot 26, $20.88, lot 27, $31.32, lot 28, $41.76, total $104.40.

Lots 29, 30, 31, and 32, Block: 19, Earl F. Davison, owner, assessment lot 29, $52.20
lot 30, $62.64, lot 31, $73.08, lot 32, $83.52, total $271.44.

That certain parcel of land, beginning at the Northwest corner, of lot 7, Block 1,
South Addition, and running northerly along the easterly line of Main Street 150 feet to
its intersection with the southerly line of Garces Street 140 feet to its intersection
with the westerly line of the alley between Main and First Streets; Thence southerly along
the westerly line of the alley between Main and First Streets 150 feet to the northeasterly
 corner of Lot 7, Block 1, South Addition; thence westerly along the northerly line
of Lot 7, Block 1, South Addition, 140 feet to the place of beginning, Consolidated Power
 and Telephone Co; owner, assessment $345.52 said tract being at the S. E. corner of
intersection of Main and Garces Streets.

The northerly half of Lot 7, Block 1, South Addition, Consolidated Power and
Telephone Company, owner, assessment, $31.32.

Section 4. That the unpaid assessments shall be paid as follows: One-tenth, on or
before one year from the 1st day of January, 1930, and One-tenth on or before the 1st day
of January of each year thereafter, until the same is paid in full with interest thereon
at the rate of seven per cent (7%) per annum; each of said installments shall bear interest
at the rate of seven per cent (7%) per annum, payable annually in the manner hereinafter
 directed, on the whole amount due and unpaid. Such installments and the interest
thereon shall be and remain a lien on the said lots and parcels of land until paid in full,
and shall be collected and paid in the following manner:

Each installment, together with the interest thereon, shall be placed on the
Tax Roll of Clark County on and against the several owners and premises hereinbefore 
enumerated, and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting ex-officio Assessor of the City
of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the said Tax Roll of
Clark County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on the said
Tax Roll of Clark County, and the County Treasurer, acting ex-officio City Treasurer, and
Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect the
same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County taxes are
collected. Provided, that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall
annually, commencing with the year 1931, and continuing for a period of nine (9) years 
thereafter, and until all of said bonds are paid, at the time prescribed by law for the
levying of taxes for State and County purposes, direct the City Clerk to report to the
County Assessor, acting ex-officio City Assessor, a description of such lots and premises
together with their owners as in Section 3 hereinbefore set forth, with the amount of the
annual installments, together with the interest due thereon to be levied upon and against
each of the same premises and owners and the City Assessor is hereby authorized and directed
 to enter the several sums so assessed as a tax upon the several lots or premises respectively,
 and the Board of City Commissioners shall annually continue to so require the City
Assessor to enter the said installments of special assessments until the whole sum assessed
with interest thereon has been paid. Provided further, however, that if the Board of
City Commissioners should fail or neglect to direct the City Clerk to report to the City
Assessor a description of such lots and premises as in this section before mentioned, the
City Assessor shall enter the said special assessments and place the same on the said
tax roll and do all and every thing necessary, as fully and completely as though the
Board of City Commissioners had directed the same to be done.

Section 5, Said installments of special taxes and the interest thereon when
collected, shall constitute and be a sinking fund for the payment of said bonds and the
interest thereon, and said fund shall not be used for any other purpose, and as said 
installments with the interest thereon are paid, as hereinbefore directed, said bonds and
the coupons thereon, shall be called in and paid, and cancelled by the City Treasurer,
in their numerical order annually, to the amount and extend of such annual payments of the
assessments, and the said interest on said bonds shall cease.

Section 6. The issuance of the bonds herein provided for shall be conclusive
evidence of the regularity of all the proceedings up to the issuance of such bonds, and

in event that the fund created by such special assessments shall be insufficient to pay

the said bonds as they become due, the deficiency, if any, shall be paid by the City Treasurer,
 of the City of Las Vegas, out of the General Fund of said City and each of the bonds

issued under this ordinance shall contain a provision to that effect and said bonds shall
be exempt from City taxation.

Section 7. This ordinance shall take effect immediately after its adoption,
approval and publication in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas, for one week.

Section 8. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for one week.

Passed and adopted this 1st day of May A.D., 1930 by the following vote of the
City Commissioners:

Ayes: Commissioners German, Hansell and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse.
Nays none.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

First reading April 3, 1933.

Second and final reading May 1, 1930.

Approved this 1st day of May, 1930.

J. F. Hesse._____

Mayor	of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

(City Seal)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) SS
County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Publisher of Las
Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 157,
of the City of Las Vegas, was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
one week from May 3, 1930 to May 10, 1930 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit, May 3, 6, 8, and 10, 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the charge for the publishing of the same was $574.20.

Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th day of May, 1930.

C. D. Breeze.

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada

My Commission expires May 26, 1931.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 158.

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, to borrow Thirty-four Thousand, Eight Hundred Ninety-eight and
12/100 Dollars. ($34,898.92) to cover certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and
confirmed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, for the purpose of paying
 for the work of making improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and constructing
 Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curb and Cutter and Rough Grading for Street Improvement
 on certain streets and portions of streets in said City, to-wit: On Main Street,

Frist Street, Second Street, Third street, Fourth Street, Lewis Street, Clark Street,
Bonneville Street, and Garces street, to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas
therefor, said bonds to be know as "Las Vegas Special 1930 Curb and Gutter Bonds, Series
D," and providing for the collection of said unpaid assessments by dividing the same
into ten (10) annual installments and placing said installments on the Tax Roll of Clark
County and collecting same in the same manner as State and County taxes are collected by
law:

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DO ORDAIN, AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That for the purpose of paying for the work of grading for and construction
of grading for and constructing Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curb and Gutter and Rough
Grading for Street Improvement on certain streets and portions of streets in the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, on to-wit: Portions of Main Street, Lewis Street, Clark Street, Bonneville
 Street and Garces Street, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada:
 for which special assessments have heretofore been levied and confirmed by the Board
of City Commissioners and not paid in full by certain owners of property on said streets
heretofore named, and in compliance with and by virtue and authority of a certain Act
of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, approved March 13, 1909, entitled "An Act to
authorize municipalities to issue bonds for the purpose of paying the cost of municipal
improvements for which special assessments are levied," as amended by a certain Act of
the Legislature approved March 13, 1913, entitled "An Act to amend Sections 1 and 2 of
an Act entitled 'An Act to authorize municipalities to issue bonds for the purpose of paying
 the cost of municipal improvements for which special assessments are levied', approved
March 13, 1909, and other matters relating thereto", and in accordance with City Ordinance
No. 150, approved the 5th day of December 1929, entitled "An Ordinance declaring the 
determination of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain 
improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading for and constructing Hydraulic Cement
Concrete Curb and Gutter and Rough Grading for Street improvement on certain streets and
portions of streets in said City: describing defiantly the location of said improvements;
providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessment
upon all the lots included in the special assessment district, hereby established, according
 to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions
thereof are required to be paid from the general fund of said City of Las Vegas providing
for the issuance of special assessment bonds and also general bonds of the City of
Las Vegas for the payment thereof and other matters relating thereto," and City Ordinance
No. 152, approved the 2nd day of January 1930, entitled "An Ordinance empowering, authorizing
 and directing the Ex-officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark
State of Nevada to levy a special assessment to defray the costs of making improvements
in the City of Las Vegas, by construction of Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curbs and Gutters
and Rough Grading on certain streets and portions of streets in said City, according to
plats, diagrams and estimates of cost thereof on file in the office of the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas; describing definitely the location of said improvements, stating
 the amounts of said assessment, and designating the lots, lands and premises to be
assessed according to benefits; providing for the issuance of Special Assessment Bonds
for the payment thereof, and other matters relating thereto, "and in accordance with
the provisions of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, as amended by an Act of the Legislature
 of the State of Nevada, approved, March 26th, 1927, and in compliance with and
by virtue and authority of a certain Act of the Legislature, of the State of Nevada,
approved March 23, 1927, entitled "An Act relating to bonds issued by counties, cities,
towns, school districts, and other municipal corporations, and repealing all acts and
parts of acts in conflict therewith:"

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS is hereby authorized and
empowered to issue in the name of said City Thirty (30) bonds in the denomination of
One thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each and The (10) bonds in the denomination of Four
Hundred Eighty-nine and 89/100 Dollars, Three (3) of said bonds of the denomination of
One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each and one (1) bond of the denomination of Four Hundred
Eighty-nine and 89/l00 Dollars ($489.89) each payable at annual periods of from one to
ten years from January 1, 1930, each bearing interest at the rate of not to exceed seven
per cent, per annum: said interest to be payable annually on the first day of January of
each year: which said bonds shall be sold to the bidder making the best bid, but shall
not be sold for less than par value and accrued interest.

Section 2. The Board of Commissioners of said City shall cause said bonds to be
prepared and they shall be signed by the Mayor or Mayor Pro Tem and the City Clerk, and
countersigned by the City Treasurer and authenticated by the seal of the City of Las
Vegas. Coupons representing the several installments of interest to fall due thereon
shall be attached to each bond so that they may be removed, without injury to the same,




numbered consecutively, and bear the signature or facsimile signature of the Mayor or
Mayor Pro Tem and countersignature of the City treasurer, said bonds shall be dated
January 1, A.D. 1930, and shall be sold at no less than their face value or par value
and accrued interest, and the proceeds thereof shall be placed in the General Fund of the
City of Las Vegas, to replace the money heretofore paid out of said General Fund for
making said improvement, by reason of the non-payment of certain Special Assessments
by certain of the property owners at the time required by law. The said bonds shall
be known as and called "Las Vegas Special 1930 Curb and Gutter Bonds, Series D,"

Section 3. The amount remaining unpaid of said Special Assessments for which
these bonds are to be issued, as shown by the Assessment Roll or file in the office
of the City Clark of the City of Las Vegas appears to be Thirty-four Thousand Eight
Hundred Ninety-eight and 92/100 Dollars, ($34,898.92), and said bonds and the said
annual installments due and to become due thereon for Ten (10) annual periods commencing
January 1, 1931, are and shall be a lien upon the lots and parcels of land hereinafter
particularly described, for the amounts of the assessments due thereon, together with
interest at the rate of not to exceed seven per cent (7%) per annum from the first day
of January, 1930, until said bonds are paid, the exact amount of interest on said bonds
to be fixed and determined at the rate offered by the successful bidder on said bonds,
as provided by law, and the interest on said installments of said unpaid assessments to
be fixes by appropriate action of said Board of City Commissioners at the same rate
as the interest payable on said bonds. The following are the names of the owners and
reputed owners of the lots and parcels of land and the amount of unpaid assessments
thereon:

In Clark's Las Vegas Townsite:

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9, Block 3, Hotel Nevada Mining Company Owner, assessment
$48.91 each, total $450.19.

Lot 10, Block 3, H. C. Busick, owner, assessment $48.91.

Lot 11, Block 3, J. M. Miller, owner assessment $48.91

Lot 12 and 13, Block 3, Miller Busick Corporation, owner, assessment $48.91 each,
total, $97.82.

Lots 14, 15, and 16, Block 3, Martin Kiwisar, owner, assessment $48.91 each, total
$146.73.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 4, Elizabeth Gamble, owner, assessment $48.91 each, total
$97.82.

Lots 3 and 4, Block 4, Estate of Dora Smith, deceased, owner, assessment $48.91
each, total $97.82.

Lots 5, 6, 7, and 8, Block 4, Ed Von Tobel, owner, assessment $48.91 each, total
$195.64.

Lot 9, Block 4, P. A. Valdez, owner, assessment $48.91

Lots 10, and 11 Block 4, Henry F. Barnewolt, owner, assessment, $48.91 each,
total $97.82.

Lots 14, 15, and 16, Block 4, D. Peccetto, owner, assessment $48.91 each total $146.73

Lots 1, 2, and 3, Block 5, Mrs. C. C. Bray Jeske, owner, assessment $48.91 each,
total $146.73.

Lots 4, 5, 6, and 7, Block 5, Agnes Goucher, owner, assessment $48.91 each, total
$195.64.

Lots 8, 9, and 10, Block 5, Estate of George E. Nickols, owner, assessment lot 8,
$48.91, lot 9, $56.30, lot 10, $63.69, total $168.90.

Lots 11, 12, and 13, Block 5, Julia Lorenzi, owner, assessment lot 11, $71.08,
lot 12, $78.47, lot 13, $85.86, total $235.41.

Lots 14, 15, and 16, Block 5, L. H. and R. E. Rockwell, owners, assessment lot 14,
$93.25, lot 15, $100.64, lot 16, $108.03, total $301.92.

Lots 20, 21, and 22, Block 5, Nellie Goult, owner, assessment lot 20, $36.95,
lot 21, $29.56, lot 22, $22.17, total $8.98.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 6, Fred. H. Callihan, owner, assessment lot 1, $108.03, lot
2, $100.64, total $208.67.

Lots 3, 4, 5, and 6, Block 6, Charles Dase, owner, assessment, lot 3, $93.25, lot
4, $85.86, lot 5, $78.47, lot 6, $71.08, total $328.66.

Lots 7 and 8, Block 6, Mrs. D. Campbell owner, assessment lot 7, $63.69, lot
8, $56.30, total, $119.99.

Lots 9, and 10, Block 6, Mrs. Johanna Andrino, owner, assessment lot 9, $56.30,
lot 10, $63.69, total $119.99.

Lots 11, and 12, Block 6, Gus Allen, owner, assessment lot 11, $71.08, lot
12, $78.47, total $149.55.

Lot 15, Block 6, Vernon Bunker, owner assessment $85.86.

Lot 14, Block 6, C. C. Ronnow, owner, assessment $93.25.

Lots 15, and 16, Block 6, Ed. W. Clark, owner, assessment lot 15, $100.64,
lot 16, $108.03.

Lots 17, 18, and 19, Block 6, Victor Yturri, owner, assessment lot 17, $106.70,

lot 18, $99.31, lot 19, $91.92, total $297.93.

Lots 20, 21, and 22, Block 6, C. C. Ronnow, owner, assessment lot 20, $84.53,
lot 21 $77.14, lot 22, $69.75, total $230.42.

Lot 23, Block 6, F. L. Duncan, owner, assessment $62.36.

Lots 24 and 25, Block 6, Ed Von Tobel, owner, assessment, lot 24, $54.97,
lot 25, $54.97, total, $109.94.

Lot 26, Block 6, Thomas J. Parker, owner, assessment $62.36.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 6, Mrs. Ed Hall, owner, assessment lot 27, $69.75, lot

28, $77.14, total $146.89.

The west 60 ft. of lots 29, 30, 31, and 32, Block 6, Lee Barker, owner, assessment,
 W. 60 ft. lot 29, $36.22, W. 60 ft. lot 30, $39.39, W. 60 ft. lot 31, $42.56,

W. 60 ft, lot 32, $45.73, to tal $163.96.

The east 80 ft. lots 29, 30, 31, and 32, Block 6, A. Corradetti, owner, 
assessment E. 80 ft. lot 29 $48.31, E. 80 ft. lot 30, $52.53, E. 80 ft. lot 30, $52.53,

E. 80 ft. lot 32, $60.97, total, $218.56.

Lots 1, 2, 3, and 4, Block 7, Charles Beckerman, owner, assessment lot 1, $108.03,
lot 2, $100.64, lot 3, $93.25, lot 4, $85.86, total $387.84.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 7, Celestine Lallemand, owner, assessment lot 5, $78.47,
lot 6, $71.08, total $149.55.

Lot 7, Block 7, Lawrence Chappell, owner assessment $63.69.

Lot 8, Block 7, LeRoy Whipple, owner, assessment $56.30.

Lot 10, Block 7, W. H. Elwell, Inc; owner, assessment $63.69.

Lot 11, Block 7, Celestine Lallemand, owner assessment $71.08.
Lot 12 Block 7, Ed Von Tobel, owner assessment $78.47.

Lot 13, Block 7, W. H. Elwell, Inc. owner, assessment $85.86.

Lot 14, Block 7, Mrs. L. A. Rockwell, owner, assessment $93.25.

The East half of lots 15 and 16, Block 7, Charles H. Beckerman, owner, assessment, E. half
lot 15, $50.32, E. half lot 16, $54.01, total $104.33.

Lots 17, 18, 19 and 20, Block 7, Joseph Smith, owner, assessment, lot 17, $106.70, lot
18, $99.31, lot 19, $91.92, lot 20, $84.53, total $382.46.

S. Half lot 21, Block 7, Joseph Smith owner, assessment, $38.57.

N. half of lot 21, Block 7, Mrs. Minnie Davison, owner, assessment $38.57.

 Lots 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, and 27, Block 7, Mrs. Minnie Davison, owner, assessment, lot 22
$69.75, lot 23, $62.36, lot 24, & 25, $54.97, each lot 26, $62.36, lot 27, $69.75,

total $374.16.

Lots 28 and 29, Joe Ronnow, owner, assessment, lot 28, $77.74, lot 29, $84.53, total $161.67.
Lots 30, 31 and 32, Block 7, Ed. W. Clark, owner, assessment, lot 30, $91.92, lot 31, $99.31,
lot 32, $106.70, total $297.93.

Lots 17, 18, 19, 20 and 21, Block 8, A. F. Smith Jr; owner, assessment lot 17, $106.70,
lot 18, $99.31, lot 19, $91.92, lot 20, $84.53, lot 21 $77.14, total $459.60.

Lots 22 and 23, Block 8, R. Schouten Sr. owners assessment lot 22, $69.75 lot 23,

$62.36, total $132.11.

Lots 24, 25, 26, and 27, Block 8, Southern Nevada Realty Company, owner, assessment lot 24,
$54.97, lot 25, $54.97, lot 26, $62.36, lot 27, $69.75, total $242.05.

 Lot 28, Block 8, F. L. Duncan, owner, assessment $77.14.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 8, R. S. Clarks, owner, assessment lot 29, $84.53, lot 30, $91.92,
total $176.45.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 8, J. M. Moran, owner, assessment lot 31, $99.31, lot 32, $106.70,
total $206.01.

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, Block 9, L. H. & R. E. Rockwell, owners, assessments, lot 1, $106.70, lot 2,
$99.31, lot 3, $91.92, lot 4, $84.53, lot 5, $77.14, total $458.90.

Lot 6, Block 9, Wm. D. Higbee, owner, assessment $69.75.

Lot 7, Block 9, Wm. E. Ellis, owner, assessment $62.36.

Lots 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12, Block 9, J. H. Moore, owner, assessment, lot 8, $54.97, lot 9,

$54.97, lot 10, $62.36, lot 11, $69.75, lot 12, $77.14, total $319.19.

Lots 13, 14, 15, 16, Block 9, Luella Dees, owner, assessment, lot 13, $84.53, lot 14,

$91.92, lot 15, $99.31, lot 16, $106.70, total $382.46.

Lots 17 and 18, Block 9, Francisca Graglia, owner, assessment lot 17, $106.70, lot 18,
$99.31, total $206.01.

Lots 19 and 20, Block 9, Ed Vann, owner, assessment, lot 19, $91.92, lot 20, $84.53,
total $176.45.

Lots 21, 22, and 23, Block 9, Nellie Goult, owner, assessment lot 21, $77.14, lot 22,

$69.75, lot 23, $62.36, total $209.25.

Lot 24, Block 9, B. V. Smith, owner, assessment $54.97.

Lot 25, Block 9, B. V. Smith, S½ thereof, asst. $38.79, and Henry Matteucci, N½ thereof asst.

$38.78.

Lot 26, Block 9, Henry Matteucci, owner, assessment $63.36.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 9, Manuel Champo, owner, assessment lot 27, $69.75, lot 28, $77.14,
total, $146.89.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 9, Orazio Lorenzo, owner, assessment, lot 29, $84.53, lot 30,

$91.92, total $176.45.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 9, F. L. Duncan, owner, assessment lot 31, $99.31, lot 32, $106.70,
total $206.01.

The W. 100 ft. of lots 1 and 2, Block 10, J. J. Tuckfield, owner, assessment W. 100 ft.
lot 1, $76.22, W. 100 ft. lot 2, $70.94, total $147.16.

The E. 40 ft. lots 1 and 2, Block 10, Julia May French owner, assessment, E. 40 ft. lot
1, $30.48, E. 40 ft. lot 2, $28.37, total $58.85.

Lots 3 and 4, Block 10, Fred Backert, owner, assessment, lot 3, $91.92, lot 4, $84.53,
total $176.45.

Lots 5, 6, 7, and 8, Block 10, Win. M. Haig, owner, assessment lot 5, $77.14, lot 6, $69.75,
lot 7, $62.36, lot 8, $54.97, total $264.22.

Lots 9, 10, and 11, Bllock 10, W. G. Morse, owner, assessment lot 9, $54.97, lot, 10,

$62.36, lot 11, $69.75, total $187.08.

Lots 12, 13, and 14, Block 10, Mrs. Ruth Griffith, owner, assessment lot 12, $77.14, lot
13, $84.53, lot 14, $91.92, total $253.59.

Lots 15 and 16, Block 10, Otto Kimball, owner, assessment, lot 15, $99.31, lot 16,
$106.70, total $206.01.

Lots 17, 18, 19, and 20, Block 10, Earl Davison, owner, assessment lot 17, $106.70,

lot 18, $99.31, lot 19, $91.92, lot 20, $84.530, total $382.46.

Lot 21, Block 10, Alice G. Blackett, owner, assessment, $77.14.

Lot 22, Block 10, Lynn Botts, owner, assessment, $69.75.

Lot 23, Block 10, Adolph H. Sittle, owner, assessment, $62.36.

Lots 24 and 25, Block 10, L. H. and R. E. Rockwell, owners, assessment lot 24, $54.97, lot
25, $54.97, total $109.94.

Lots 26 and 27, Block 10, Francisca Graglia, owner, assessment, lot 26, $62.36, lot 27

$69.75, total $132.11.

Lot 28, Block 10, Marion Earl, owner, assessment $77.14.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 10, A. H. Harrington, owner, assessment, lot 29, $84.53, lot 30,

$91.92, total $176.45.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 10, Louise Lemon, owner, assessment, lot 31, $99.31, lot 32,

$106.70, total, $206.01.

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6, Block 11, C. E. Caskey, owner, assessment lot 1, $106.70, lot 2,

$99.31, lot 3, $91.92, lot 4, $84.53, lot 5, $77.14, lot 6, $69.75, total $529.35.

Lots 7 and 8, Block 11, Mrs. Charles, Fenzel, owner, assessment lot 7, $62.36, lot 8,

$54.97, total $117.33.

Lots 9 and 10, Block 11, Eddie Gillette, owner, assessment, lot 9, $54.97, lot 10,

$62.36, total, $117.33.

Lots 11 and 12, Block 11, T. M. Carroll, owner, assessment, lot 11, $69.75, lot 12 $77.14,
total $146.89.

Lots 13, 14, 15 and 16, Block 11, Mildred Heffner, owner, assessment, lot 13, $84.53,
lot 14, $91.92, lot 15, $99.31, lot 16, $106.70, total total $382.46.

Lots 17, 18, 19, and 20, Block 11, Estate of Dora Smith, deceased, owner, assessment lot
17, $106.70, lot 18, $99.31, lot 19, $91.92, lot 20, $84.53, total $382.46.

Lot 21, Block 11, Sarah Root, owner, assessment $77.14
Lot 22, Block 11, Mrs. Roy Neagle, owner, assessment $69.75.

Lot 23, Block 11, F. G. Rau and son, owners, assessment $62.36.

Lots 24, 25, 26, and 27, Block 11, Carl Ray, owner, assessment lot 24, $54.97, lot 25,

$54.97, lot 26, $62.36, lot 27, $69.75, total, $242.05.

Lots 28 and 29, Block 11, Boulder Lumber and Supply Company, owner, assessment lot 28,

$77.14, lot 29, $84.53, total $161.67.
S. 15 ft. lot 30, Block 11, Paul Hosman, Fred H. Miller, and Irene Turner Hosman,
owners, assessment $55.15.

No. 10 ft. lot 30, Block 11, F. G. Rau and son, owners, assessment $36.77.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 11, F. G. Rau and son, owners, assessment, lot 31 $99.31, lot 32,
$106.70, total $206.01.

Lots 10 and 11, Block 12, Mrs. Etta Hitt, owner, assessment lot 10, $14.78, lot 11,

$22.17, total $36.95.

Lots 12 and 13, Block 12, J. L. Finney, owner, assessment lot 12, $29.56, lot 13,

$36.95, total, $66.51.

Lots 14, 15, and 16, Block 12, Ed Von Tobel, owner, assessment, lot 14, $44.34, lot 15
$51.73, lot 16, $59.12, total $155.19.

Lot 17, Block 12, Adolph Levy owner, assessment $59.12.

S 8 l/3 ft, lot 18, Block 12, Adolph Levy, owner, assessment $17.24.

N. 16 2/3 ft. lot 18, Block 12, and S. 16 2/3 ft. of lot 19, Block 12, M. E. Ward, owner,
assessment, N. 16 2/3 ft. lot 18, $34.49, S. 16 2/3 ft. lot 19, $29.56, total $64.05.

N. 8 l/3 ft, lot 19 and lot 20, Block 12, Adolph Schwartz, owner, assessment N. 8 1/3
ft. lot lot 19, $14.78, lot 20, $36.95, total $51.73.

Lots 21, 22, 23, and 24, Block 12, Mrs. Albert James, owner, assessment, lot 21, $29.56,
lot 22, $22.17, lot 23, $14.78, lot 24, $7.39, total $73.90.

S. 15 ft. lot 14, lots 15 and 16, Block 21, E. S. Sheppard, owner, assessment, lot 14,

S. 15 ft, $29.56, lot 15, $51.73, lot 16, $59.12, total, $140.41.

Lots 17 and 18, Block 21, L. L. Carson, owner, assessment lot 17, $59.12, lot 18, $51.73,
total, $110.85.

Lots 20 and 21, Block 21, Cyril S. Wengert, owner, assessment lot 20, $36.95, lot 21,

$29.56, total $66.51.

Lots 22, and 23, Block 21, Ernest Cragin, owner, assessment, lot 22, $22.17, lot

23,  $14.78, total, $36.95.

Lots 9 and 10, Block 22, Julia Lorenzi, owner, assessment lot 9, $54.97, lot 10,

$62.36, total, $117.33.

Lots 11 and 12, Block 22, Mrs. Edith Johnson, owner, assessment lot 11, $69.75, lot 12,
$77.14, total $146.89.

Lot 15, Block 22, D. J. Ronnow, owner, assessment, $84.53.

No. half lot 14, Block 22, D. J. Ronnow, owner, assessment, $45.96.

S. half lot 14, and lots 15, 16, 17, and 18, Block 22, J. J. Tuckfield, owner, assessment
S. half lot 14, $45.96, lot 15, $99.31, lot 16, $106.70, lot 17, $106.70, lot 18, $99.31,
total $457.98.

Lots 19 and 20, Block 22, Charles Doyle, and Joseph Doyle, owners, assessment lot 19,
$91.92, lot 20, $84.53, total, $457.98.

Lots 21 and 22, Block 22, A. D. Hinrichsen, owner, assessment lot 21, $77.14, lot 22,

$69.75, total $146.99.

Lots 23 and 24, Block 22, O. K. Adcock, owner, assessment lot 25, $62.36, lot 24, $54.97,
total $117.33.

Lots 25 and 26, Block 22, F. M. Doolittle, owner, assessment lot 25, $54.97, lot 26,

$62.36, total $117.33.

Lots 27, 28, 29 Block 22, Esate of Lorenzo D. Creel, owner, assessment lot 27, $69.75,
lot 28, $77.14, lot 29, $84.53, total $231.42.

Lots 30, 31 and 32, Block 22, Cora J. Noblitt, owner, assessment lot 30, $91.92, lot 31,
$99.31, lot 32, $106.70, total, $297.93.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 23, Mary Ottinger, owner, assessment, lot 1, $106.70, lot 2, $99.31

total $206.01.	

Lots 7 and 8, Block 23, Boggs Brothers, owners, assessment, lot 7, $62.36, lot 8, $54.97,

total $117.33.	

Lots 9 and 10, Block 23, L. W. Flaherty, owner, assessment lot 9, $54.97, lot 10, $62.36,

total $117.33.		

Lots 11 and 12, Block 23, Gwyda Maydell Pistole, owner, assessment, lot 11, $69.75,

lot 12, $77.14, total, $146.89.		

Lots 13 and 14, Block 23, Brady Golden, owner, assessment, lot 13, $84.53, lot 14, $91.92,

Lots 15 and 16, Block 23, G. C. Akers, owner, assessment lot 15, $99.31, lot 16, $106.70
total, $206.01.

Lots 17 and 18, Block 23, O. J. Potthoff, owner, assessment, lot 17, $106.70, lot 18,

$99.31, total, $206.01.			

Lots 21 and 22, Block 23, A. F. Wengert, owner, assessment lot 21, $77.14, .Lot $2, $69.75,

total $146.89.		

Lots 25 and 26, Block 23, E. F. Walters, owner, assessment lot 25, $54.97, lot 26, $62.36,
total $117.33.

Lots 31 and 32, T. B. Croal, owner, assessment lot 31, $99.31, lot 32, $106.70, total

$206.01, (Block 23).

Lots 1 and 2, Block 24, J. J. Curtis, owner, assessment lot 1, $106.70, lot 2, $99.31,

total $206.01.		

Lots 5 and 6 Block 24, James Williams, owner, assessment lot 5, $77.14, lot 6, $69.75,

Lots 11 and 12, Block 24, Earl M. Smith, owner, assessment lot 11, $69.75, lot 12,

$77.14, total, $146.89.

Lots 13 and 14, Block 24, Boggs Brothers, owners, assessment, lot 13, $84.53, lot 14,

$91.92 total, $176.45.	

Lots 17 and 18, Block 24, W. H. Paulus, owner, assessment lot 17, $106.70, lot 18, $99.31,

Lots 19 and 20, Block 24, Thos. E. McFee, owner, assessment lot 19, $91.92, lot 20, $84.53,
total $176.45.

Lots 21 and 22 Block 24, Emma Elizabeth West, owner, assessment lot 21, $77.14, lot 22,
$69.75, total $146.89.

Lots 23 and 24, Block 24, R. M. Downing, owner, assessment, lot 23, $62.36, lot 24, $54.97,
total $117.33.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 24, C. M. Atherton, owner, assessment lot 27, $69.75, lot 28,

$77.14 total, $146.89.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 24, K. A. Willett, owner, assessment, lot 29, $84.53, lot 30, $91.92,

Lots 31 and 32, Block 24, W. R. Nesbit, owner, assessment lot 31, $99.31, lot 32,

$106.70, total $206.01.		

Lots l and 2, Block 25, E. C. McDonald, owner, assessment lot 1, $106.70, lot 2, $99.31,

Lots 3 and 4, Block 25, O. C. Stocker, owner, assessment lot 3, $91.92, lot 4, $84.53,

Lots 9 and 10, Block 25, Antone Matteucci, owner, assessment lot 9, $54.97, lot 10,

$62.36, total $117.33.
Lots 15 and 16, Block 25, George P. Roy, owner, assessment, lot 15, $99.31, lot 16,
$106.70, total, $206.01.

Lots 19, 20 Block 25, C. J. and Ruth Harvey, owners, assessment, lot 19, $91.92,
lot 20, $84.53, total, $176.45.

Lots 21 and 22, Block 25, Lloyd R. Hilke, owner, assessment lot, 21, $77.14, lot 22,
$69.75, total $146.89.

Lots 23 and 24, Block 25, Earl M. Dobbs, owner, assessment, lot 23, $62.36, lot 24,
$54.97, total $117.33.

Lots 25 and 26, Block 25, Mrs. Yates, owner, assessment, lot 25, $54.97, lot 26,
$62.36, total, $117.33.	

Lots 27 and 28, Block 25, Trueman, Higbee, owner, assessment, lot 27, $69.75,
lot 28, $77.14, total, $146.89.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 25, Dave Kramer, owner, assessment, lot 29, $84.53, lot 30,

$91.92, total, $176.45.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 26, Anna Walters, owner, assessment, lot 1, $106.70, lot 2, $99.31,
total $206.01.	

Lots 5 and 6, Block 26, Roy C. Mosbach, owner, assessment, lot 5, $77.14, lot 6, $69.75,
total $146.89.

Lots 7, and 8, Block 26, Frank Thompson, owner, assessment, lot 7, $62.36, lot 8, $54.97
total $117.33.

Lots 15, and 16, Block 26, M. L. Garner, owner, assessment, lot 15, $99.31, lot 16, $106.70
total $206.01.

Lots 17 and 18, Block 26, Roy Richart, owner, assessment, lot 17, $106.70, lot 18,
$99.31, total, $206.01.

Lots 21 and 22, Block 26, Mrs. Grace A. Snyder, owner, assessment lot 21, $77.14, lot
22, $69.75,total $146.89.

Lots 23 add 24, Block 26, Frank Thompson, owner, assessment, lot 23, $62.36, lot 24,
$54.97, total, $117.33.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 26, Mrs. Ida Anderson, owner, assessment, lot 29, $84.53, lot
30, $91.92, total $176.45,

Lots 31 and 32, Block 26, Oscar L. Peiffer, owner, assessment lot 31, $99.31, lot 32,
$106.70, total, $206.01.	

E. 50 ft. lots 1, 2, 3, and 4, Block 27, W. E. Elwell, Inc., owner, assessment, E. 50 ft. lot 1,
$38.11, E. 50 ft. lot 2, $35.47, E. 50 ft. lot 3, $32.83, 50 ft. lot 4, $30.19,

total $136.60.

W. 90 ft. lots, 1, 2, 3, and 4, Block 27, Estate of Bora Smith, deceased, owner, assessment,
 W. 90 ft, lot 1, $68.59, W. 90 ft. lot 2, $65.84, W. 90 ft. lot 3, $59.09, W. 90
ft. lot 4, $54.34, total, $245.86.

Lots 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10 Block 27, J. B. Larvey, owner, assessment lot 5, $77.14, lot 6,
$69.75, lot 7, $62.36, lot 8, $54.97, lot 9, $54.97, lot 10, $62.36, total, $381.55.

Lots 11, and 12, Block 27, Louis C. Pico, owner, assessment, lot 11, $69.75, lot 12,
$77.14, total, $146.89.

Lots 13 and 14, Block 27, Carl Gantner, owner, assessment lot 15, $84.53, lot 14, $91.92,
total $176.45.

Lots 15 and 16, Block 27, J. J. Tuckfield, owner, assessment, lot 15, $99.31, lot 16,
$106.70, total, $206.01.

Lots 17, 18, 19, 20, 21 and 22, Williams Jones, owner, assessment, lot 17, $106.70,
lot 13, $99.31, lot 19, $91.92, lot 20, $84.53, lot 21, $77.14, lot 22, $68.75,
total, $529.35.

Lots 23 and 24, Block 27, Earl M. Bobbs, owner, assessment, lot 23, $62.36, lot 24,

$54.97, total $117.33.

Lots 27, 28, 29 and 30, Block 27, Otto Westlake, owner, assessment, lot 27, $69.75,
lot 28, $77.14, lot 29, $84.53, lot 30, $91.92, total $323.34.

W. half of lots 31 and 32, Block 27, W. H. Elwell, Inc. Owner, assessment, W. half of lot
31, $49.65, W. half of lot 32, $53.35, total $103.00.

Lot 9, Block 28, Sam Gay, owner, assessment, $7.39.

Lots 10 and 11, Block 28, W. H. Elwell, owner, assessment, lot 10, $14.78, lot 11, $22.17,
total $36.95.

Lots 12 and 13, Block 28, Joseph Smith, owner, assessment, lot 12, $29.65, lot 13, $36.95,
total $66.51.

Lots 17, 18, and 19, Block 28, Fred. J. George, owner, assessment, lot 17, $59.12,
lot 18, $51.73, lot 19, $44.34, total, $155.19.

Lots 20 and 21, Block 28, Mrs. Mary Van Dyke, owner, assessment, lot 20, $36.95, lot

21, $29.56, total, $66.51.

Lots 22, and 23, Block 28, Charles, J. and Ella V. Hammond, owners, assessment, lot

22, $22.17, lot 23, $14.78, total, $36.95.

Lot 24, Block 28, Louise Conklin, owner, assessment, $7.39.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 39, Carl Ray, owner, assessment, lot 1, $106.70, lot 2, $99.31,
total, $206.01.

Lots 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7, Block 39, George Allen, owner, assessment, lot 3, $91.92, lot
4, $84.53, lot 5, $77.14, lot 6, $69.75, lot 7, $62.36, total, $381.70.

Lots 11 and 12, Block 39. Gus Lundholm, owner, assessment, lot 11, $69.75, lot 12,

$77.14, total, $146.89.

Lots 13 and 14, Block 39, Fred Lundholm, owner, assessment, lot 13, $84.53, lot 14,

$91.92, total, $176.45.

Lots 15 and 16, Block 39, Gerald Nelson, owner, assessment, lot 15, $99.31, lot 16,
$106.70, total, $206.01.

Lots 17, 18, 19, and 20, Block 39, Charles J. and Ella V. Hammond, owners, assessment
lot 17, $59.12, lot 18, $51.73, lot 19, $44.34, lot 20, $36.95, total $192.14.

Lots 21 and 22, Block 39, Bert H. and Helen I. Johnson, owners, assessment, lot 21,

$29.56, lot 22, $22.17, total, $51.73.

Lots 23 and 24, Block 39, Oscar Peiffer, owner, assessment lot 23, $14.78, lot 24,

$7.39, total $22.17.

Lots 25 and 26, Block 39, Mildred Heffner, owner, assessment, lot 25, $7.39, lot 26,
$14.78, total, $22.17.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 39, C. D. Breeze, owner, assessment, lot 27, $22.17, lot 28,

$29.56, total, $51.73.

Lots 29, 30, 31, and 32, Block 39, Carrie L. Blood, owner, assessment, lot 29, $36.95
lot 30, $44.34, lot 31, $51.73, lot 32, $59.12, total, $192.14.

Lots 1, 2, and 3, Block 40, J. T. Ullom, owner, assessment, lot 1, $106.70, lot 2,

$99.31, lot 3, $91.92, total, $297.93.

N. 15 ft, Lot 4, Block 40, J. T. Ullom, owner, assessment $50.72

Lot 5, and S. 10 ft. lot 4, Block 40, C. J. Harvey, owner, assessment, S. 10 ft, lot 4,
$33.81, lot 5, $77.14, total, $110.95.

Lots 6 and 7, Block 40, Frank and Ruby Cross, owner, assessment, lot 6, $69.75,
lot 7, $62.36, total, $132.11.
Lot 8, Block 40, O. O. Hamilton, owner, assessment, $54.97.

Lots 9, 10, and 11, Block 40, Thomas Sager, owner, assessment lot 9, $54.97, lot 10,
$62.36, lot 11, $69.75, total $187.08.

Lots 12 and 13, Block 40, Larry and Lucille Simons, owners, assessment lot 12, $77.14
lot 13, $84.53, total, $161.67.

Lots 14, 15, and 16, Block 40, George Zettler, owner, assessment, lot 14, $91.92, lot
15, $99.31, lot 16, $106.70, total, $297.93.

Lots 17, 18, 19, and 20, Block 40, T. M. Carroll, owner, assessment, lot 17, $59.12, lot
18, $31.73, lot 19, $44.34, lot 20, $36.95, total, $192.14.

Lots 21, 22, and 23, Block 40, William Spiers, owner, assessment lot 21, $29.56, lot 22,
$22.17, lot 23, $14.78, total, $66.51.

Lots 24 and 25, Block 40, James G. Stone, owner, assessment, lot 24, $7.39, lot 25,

$7.59, total, $14.78.	

Lots 26, 27, 28, Block 40, J. T. Ullom, owner, assessment, lot 26, $14.78, lot 27, $22.17,
lot 28, $29.56, total, $66.51.

Lots 29, 30, 31, and 32, Block 40, Charles, J, and Ella V. Hammond, owners, assessment,
lot 29, $36.95, lot 30, $44.34, lot 31, $51.73, lot 32, $59.12, total, $192.14.

In South Addition

Lot 27, Block 1, John Skiffington, owner, assessment $22.17.

Lot 28, Block 1, S. F. Taylor owner, assessment $29.56.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 1, William B. Seevers, owner, assessment, lot 29, $36.95, lot
30, $44.34, total, $81.29	

Lots 31 and 32, Block 1, Cruz Torres, owner, assessment, lot 31, $51.73, lot 32, $59.12,
total, $110.85.

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6, Block 6, Mayme Melott, owner, assessment, lot 1, $59.12, lot 2,
$51.73, lot 3, $44.34, lot 5, $29.56, lot 6, $22.17, total, $243.87.

Lots 7 and 8, Block 6, A. C. Vary, owner, assessment lot 7, $14.78, lot 8, $7.39.

Lots 25, and 26, Block 6, E. H. Davis, owner, assessment, lot 25, $7.39, lot 26, $14.78,
total, $22.17.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 6, Ralph E. Farley, owner, assessment, lot 27, $22.17, lot 28,
$29.56, total, $51.73.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 6, 20-30 Club owner, assessment lot 29, $36.95, lot 30, $44.34,

total, $81.29.

Lots 31 and 32, Block 6, George Beard, owner, assessment, lot 31, $51.73, lot 32,
$59.12, total, $110.85.

Lots 3 and 4, Block 11, William and Mildred Copeland, owners, assessment, lot 3, $44.34.
lot 4, $36.95, total, $81.29.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 11, Mary C. Gaddes, owner, assessment, lot 5, $56.95, lot 6,

$22.17, total, $51.73.

Lots 7 and 8, Block 11, H. P. Marble, owner, assessment, lot 7, $14.78, lot 8, $7.39,
total $22.17.

Lots 28 and 29, Block 11, Frank C. Crookston, owner, assessment, lot 28, $29.56, lot
29, $36.95, total, $66.51.

Lots 30, 31, amd 32, Block 11, H. L. Perry, owner, assessment, lot 30, $44.34, lot 31,
$51.75, lot 32, $59.12, total, $155.19.

Lots 1, 2, 3 and 4, Block 15, A. F. Smith, Jr., owner, assessment, lot 1, $59.12, lot 2,
$51.73, lot 3, $44.34, lot 4, $36.95, total, $192.14.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 15, Johnson and Iris White, owners, assessment, lot 5, $29.56
lot 6, $22.17, to tal, $51.73.

Lots 7 and 8, Block 15, Fred J. George, owner, assessment, lot 7, $14.78, lot 8, $7.39,
total $22.17.

Lots 25 and 26, Block 15, Miss Isabelle McCrystal, owner, assessment, lot 25, $7.39,
lot 26, $14.78, total, $22.17.

Lots 27 and 28, Block 15, Earl F. Eglington, owner, assessment lot 27, $22.17, lot 28,
$29.56, total, $51.73.

Lots 29 and 30, Block 15, Dave and Daisy Kramer, owners, assessment, lot 29, $36.95,
lot 30, $44.34, total, $81.29,

Lots 31 and 32, Block 15, F. A. Gibson, owner, assessment, lot 31, $51.73, lot 32, $59.12,
total, $110.85.

Lots 1, 2, and 3, Block 19, Irma Dunfee, owner, assessment, lot 1, $59.12. lot 2,

$51.73, lot 5, $44.34, total, $155.19.

Lots 4, 5, 6, and 7, Block 19, George Brown, owner, assessment, lot 4, $36.95, lot 5,
$29.56, lot 6, $22.17, lot 7, $14.78, total, $103.46.

Lot 8, Block 19, Ben Cruscian, owner, assessment, $7.39.

Lots 25, 26, 27, and 28, Block 19, Walter, Bracken, owner, assessment, lot 25, $7.39,

lot 26, $14.78, lot 27, $22.17, lot 28, $29.56, total, $73.90.

Lots 29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 19, Earl Davison, owner, assessment, lot 29, $26.95,
lot 30, $44.34, lot 31, $51.73, lot 32, $59.12, total, $192.14.

That certain parcel of land, beginning at the Northwest corner of lot 7, Block
1, South Addition, and running northerly along the easterly line of Main Street, 150
feet to its intersection with the southerly line of Garces Street, thence easterly along
the southerly line of Garces Street 140 feet to its intersection with the westerly line
of the alley between Main and First Streets; thence southerly along the westerly line
of the alley between Main and First Streets 150 feet to the northeasterly corner
of lot 7, Block l, South Addition: thence westerly along the northerly line of lot 7,
Block 1, South Addition 140 feet to the place of beginning, Consolidated Power and
Telephone Company, owner, assessment, $243.87, said tract being at the S. E. Corner of the
intersection of Main and Garces Street.

The northerly half of lot 7, Block 1, South Addition, Consolidated Power and
Telephone Company, owner, assessment $22.17.
Section 4. That the unpaid assessments shall be paid as follows: One-tenth, on or 
before one year from the 1st day of January, 1930, and one-tenth on or before the 1st day
of January of each year thereafter, until the same is paid infull with interst thereon
at the rate of seven per cent. (7%) per annum; each of said installments shall bear 
interest at the rate of seven per cent (7%) per annum, payable annually in the manner
hereinafter directed, on the whole amount due and unpaid. Such installments and interest
thereon shall be and remain a lien on the said lots and parcels of land until paid in full,
and shall be collected and paid in the following manner:

Each installment, together with the interest thereon, shall be placed on the Tax
Roll of Clark County on and against the several owners and premises hereinafter enumerated,
and the County assessor of Clark County, acting ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las
Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the said Tax Roll of Clark
County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on the Tax Roll
of Clark County and the County Treasurer, acting ex-officio City Treasurer, and Tax 
Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect the same, all
in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County taxes are collected.
Provided, that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall annually, commencing 
with the year 1931, and continuing for a period of nine (9) years thereafter, and

until all of said bonds are paid, at the time prescribed by law for the levying of taxes
for State and County purposes, direct the City Clerk to report to the County Assessor,

acting ex-officio City Assessor, a description of such lots and premises together with
their owners as in Section 3 hereinbefore set forth, with the amount of the annul installments,
 together with the interest due thereon to be levied upon and against each of the

same premises and owners and the City assessor is hereby authorized and directed to enter

the several sums so assessed as a tax upon the several lots and premises respectively,
and the Board of City Commissioners shall annually continue to so require the City 
Assessor to enter the said installments of special assessments until the whole sum assessed
with the interest thereon has been paid. Provided further, however, that if the Board
of City Commissioners should fail or neglect to direct the City Clerk to report to the
City assessor a description of such lots and premises as in this section before mentioned,
the City Assessor shall enter the said special assessment and place the same on the said
tax roll and do all and every thing necessary, as fully and completely as though the
Board of City Commissioners had directed the same to be done.

Section 5. Said installments of special taxes and the interest thereon when collected,
 shall constitute and be a sinking fund for the payment of said bonds and the interest
thereon, and said fund shall not be used for any other purpose, and as said installments
with the interest thereon are paid, as hereinbefore directed, said bonds and the coupons
thereon, shall be called in and paid, and cancelled by the City Treasurer, in their numerical
 order annually, to the amount and extent of such annual payments of the assessments,
and the said interest on said bonds shall cease.

	Section 6. The issuance of the bonds herein provided for shall be conclusive evidence

of the regularity of all the proceedings up to the issuance of such bonds, and in the
event that the fund created by such special assessments shall be insufficient to pay the
said bonds as they become due, the deficiency, if any, shall be paid by the City Treasurer,
of the City of Las Vegas, out of the General Fund of said City and each of the bonds
issued under this ordinance shall contain a provision to that effect and said bonds shall
be exempt from City taxation.

Section 7. This ordinance shall take effect immediately after its adoption, approval
and publication in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas, for one week.

Section 8. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance published in the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for
one week.

Passed and adopted this 1st day of May, A.D. 1930, by the following vote of the
City Commissioners:

Ayes, German, Hansell, and Smith, and his Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse.

Nays, none.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

First reading April 3, 1930,

Second reading May 1st, 1930.

Final reading May 1st 1930.

Approved this 1st day of May 1930.

J. F. Hesse____

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns_____

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

State of Nevada) ss
County of Clark)

A. E. Cahlan, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: That he is editor of the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and 
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was
continuously published in said newspaper for a period of from May 3, 1930 to May 10, 1930
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: May 3, 5, 6,
7, 8, 9, 10, 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named.

Signed A. E. Cahlan.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th day of May, 1930.

Louise Sill

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires Dec. 28, 1933.

(Notarial Seal)


		ORDINANCE NO. 159.



An Ordinance regulating the doing of plumbing work and providing for the examination
of persons engaged in the same, and creating an examining board, providing a penalty for
the violation thereof, and repealing all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict
therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Sec. 1. Examination. No person, as principal, agent, manager, or employee, shall
conduct, manage or carry on the trade, business or calling of a master plumber, or work
as a journeyman plumber, or do any plumbing work of any kind or description in the City
of Las Vegas, for which a plumbing permit is required, without first having submitted
to a practical examination before, and obtaining from, the examining board of plumbers
of the City of Las Vegas a certificate of competency showing such person to have sufficient
 practical experience and sufficient knowledge to do plumbing work. Any master
plumber or journeyman plumber, who has failed to pass the examination, will not be
allowed to appear before the board for further examination until the expiration of a
period of thirty days from the date of such examination.

Sec. 13. Examining Board. The examining Board of plumbers of the City of Las Vegas
shall consist of the Plumbing Inspector, one master plumber one journeyman plumber.

The one master plumber and one journeyman plumber shall be appointed and serve during
the pleasure of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and shall
qualify by subscribing to the official oath of office as prescribed by the statutes of the
State of Nevada.

Sec. 3. Examination fees. The fee for examination by said examining board of
plumbers shall be Five Dollars for each master plumber and Two and One Half Dollars for
each journeyman plumber, for the first examination, payable in advance to the secretary
of said board; and no fee shall be charged for renewal of certificates and said fees
collected by the examining board shall be paid to the City Clerk on the first day of
each calendar year.

Sec. 4. Master Plumber. For the purpose of this ordinance a master plumber
shall be deemed to be the person engaged in or carrying on the business of plumbing
or doing plumbing work, including the laying of cast iron sewers.

Sec. 5. Journeyman Plumber. For the purpose of this ordinance a journeyman
plumber shall be deemed to be any person who is employed to do plumbing work for wages
or salary, but who does not furnish any materials or supplies in the execution or
performance of plumbing work.

Sec. 6. Apprentice. For the purpose of this ordinance an apprentice shall be
deemed to be any person doing plumbing work under the supervision and in the presence
of a certified master plumber or a certified journeyman plumber, and such apprentice
is required to have a permit from said examining board or plumbers to do such plumbing
work.

Sec. 7. Certificates. The examining board of plumbers shall give an examination
to every applicant for a certificate to do plumbing works in the City of Las Vegas
within two weeks after the filing of the application therefor and the payment of the
fee incident thereto: and every applicant passing such examination to the satisfaction
of said examining board shall receive from said Board a certificate of competency as a
master plumber, or a journeyman plumber in accordance with his application; and such
certificate of competency shall authorize the holder thereof to do plumbing work in
the City of Las Vegas until the first day of January next succeeding the date thereof.

Sec. 8. Certificate Renewals. All the certificates issued by the examining board
of plumbers shall expire on the last day of December of each year unless sooner revoked.
Every master or journeyman plumber, holding a certificate of competency issued by said
examining board of plumbers, may during the month of December of each year, make
application to the examining board of plumbers for an extension of such certificate of
competency for an additional year, and said examining board of plumbers, if satisfied
that the holder of such certificate of competency is competent to do plumbing work,
shall grant an extension of such certificate of competency for an additional year without
 examination. No. plumber failing to make such application and to obtain such extended
certificate of competency, during said time, shall do any plumbing work, in the City of
Las Vegas, after the expiration of the certificate of competency then held without
taking the examination and paying the full fee herein provided for persons originally
desiring to do plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 9. Age Limit. No person shall receive a certificate of competency as a
master plumber who has not attained the age of twenty-one years or who has not established
 a place of business in the City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 10. Registration. The plumbing inspector shall prepare and keep a register
 showing the name and address of every person, firm or corporation, together with
the names of the members of such firm and the officers of such corporation, carrying on
the business of a merchant plumber, or a plumbing business in the City of Las Vegas,
showing the name and address of every master plumber, every journeyman plumber, and every
plumber's apprentice licensed or permitted to do plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas;
and shall keep said register up to date by the endorsement of all changes therein and
additions thereto.

Sec. 11. Revocation of Certificates. Said examining board shall have the power

and it shall be its duty to cancel and annul the certificate provided for in this Ordinance
of any person holding the same, should it ascertain that such person or persons have done
or habitually do any work, or cause on permit or allow to be done any work not in strict
accordance with approved plumbing methods as defined by any Ordinance of the City of Las
Vegas, or which said Board may regard as dangerous to health, and it shall be unlawful
for any person, whose certificate has been so cancelled or annulled, to again engage in
such work until he has been reinstated by the Examining Board and a new certificate
issued to him.
Sec. 12. Every person engaged in plumbing work, either as a master plumber of the
age of twenty-one or over, journeyman plumber or apprentice, at the time of the taking
effect of this ordinance, shall apply for and receive a certificate of competency from
said examining board before continuing such work, but shall not be required to submit
to examination in order to receive the same. The provisions for annual renewal of certificates
 shall apply to them, but in case of revocation of a certificate of competency,
as herein provided for, such person shall submit to and pass and examination for 
competency before such examining board before being reinstated and having a new certificate
 issued to him.

Sec. 13. Every person, as principal, agent, manger or employee, violating, or
failing, neglecting, or refusing to comply with, any of the provisions of this ordinance
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof, shall be punished
by a fine not exceeding two hundred dollars or by imprisonment in the City Jail for
a period not exceeding one hundred days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 14. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions
of this Ordinance are hereby repealed.

Sec. 15. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, and
adoption and publication for a period of one week (3 issues) in Las Vegas Age, a tri-
weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 6 day of June, A.D. 1930, by the following vote of the
Board of Commissioners: Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, German, and His Honor the Mayor,

J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

First reading May, 1, 1930.

Final reading June 6, 1930.

Approved this 6 day of June, A.D. 1930.

J. F. Hesse.

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

(City Seal).

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) SS
County of Clark)

Chas. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: That he is publisher of
Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
No. 159, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada was continuously published in the said 
newspaper for a period of one week from June 10, 1930, to June 17, 1930, inclusive, being
the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: June 10, 12 and 14, 1930.
That said newspaper was regularly Issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the charge for publishing the same was $84.35.

Signed Chas. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th day of June, 1930.

C. D Breeze,

 Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada.

My commission expires May 26, 1931.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 160.

 AN ORDINANCE TO FIX, IMPOSE AND COLLECT A LICENSE TAX ON HAWKERS AND PEDDLERS IN
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; TO PROVIDE FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS FOR CONDUCTING SAID BUSINESS;
TO DEFINE THE DUTIES OF CERTAIN OFFICERS IN CONNECTION THEREWITH; TO FIX A PENALTY FOR
THE VIOLATION THEREOF; TO REPEAL ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONDUCT
THEREWITH AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Itinerant Hawkers and Peddlers------For the purpose of this ordinance Itinerant

 Hawkers and Peddlers are defined to be all persons traveling from house to house
carrying meats, fish, fruits, vegetables, or other farm products, dry goods, furs,
groceries, cigars, tobacco and other merchandise with them and selling and delivering the
same at retail from a pack or truck, automobile, wagon or other vehicle and all persons
selling and delivering any of said goods at retail from motor trucks, wagons or other
vehicles or freight cars or at any place not a fixed place of business in the City of Las
Vegas.
A fixed place of business is defined to be a place of business located in a 
permanent structure in the City of Las Vegas where merchandise is sold direct to the consumer.

Section 2. Any Itinerant Hawker or Peddler or any person, firm association or
corporation engaged in the business of hawking or peddling in the City of Las Vegas, except
as hereinafter provided shall pay for and obtain a quarterly license to carry on such
business as follows: to-wit:

Those whose quarterly gross receipts are less than Three Thousand Dollars
($3000.00), the sum of Three Hundred Dollars ($300.00) per quarter.

Those whose quarterly gross receipts are more than Three Thousand ($3000.00)
and do not exceed Five Thousand Dollars ($5000.00), the sum of Five Hundred Dollars ($500)
per quarter:

Those whose quarterly gross receipts are more than Five Thousand Dollars
($5000.00) per quarter and do not exceed Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00), the sum of
One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) per quarter;

Those whose quarterly gross receipts are over Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00)
and do not exceed Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($15,000.00), the sum of Fifteen Hundred Dollars
($1,500.00) per quarter;

Those whose quarter gross receipts are over Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($15,000.00)
and do not exceed Twenty Thousand Dollars ($20,000.00), the sum of Two Thousand Dollars
($2,000.00) per quarter;

Those whose quarterly gross receipts are over Twenty Thousand Dollars,
($20,000.00) and do not exceed Thirty Thousand Dollars, ($30,000.00), the sum of Three
Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00) per quarter:

Those whose quarterly gross receipts are over Thirty Thousand Dollars
($30,000.00) and do no exceed Forty Thousand Dollars ($40,000.00), the sum of Four Thousand
Dollars ($4,000.00) per quarter:

Those whose Quarterly gross receipts are over Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00)
the sum of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00).

Provided, that is any person, firm, association or corporation has more
than one person engaged in the business of peddling or uses more than one motor truck,
wagon or other vehicle in said business of peddling, the foregoing license shall be paid
for each of said persons, motor trucks, wagons or vehicles used in said business, in
accordance with the amount of business each person, wagon, motor truck or vehicle does,
but not less than the minimum schedule.

Provided further, however, that the foregoing license schedule shall not be
charged any person engaged in the vending or peddling of what are commonly known as 
ice cream cones, hot dogs, candies, tamales, nuts, Eskimo pies, or like articles of food
usually sold at carnivals or fairs, but that the following schedule shall be paid for
the same.

Those whose quarterly gross receipts are less than Three thousand Dollars,
($3,000.00) shall pay for such license the sum of Fifteen Dollars ($15.00) per quarter:

Those whose quarterly gross receipts are over Three Thousand Dollars,

($3,000.00) and do not exceed Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00) shall pay for such license
the sum of Twenty-two Dollars and fifty cents ($22.50) per quarter.

Those whose quarterly gross receipts are over Five Thousand Dollars ($5000.00)
shall pay for such license the sum of Thirty Dollars ($30.00) per quarter.

Section 3. The licenses in the foregoing section of this Ordinance shall not
apply to the sale and/or delivery of goods from a freight car, but there shall be charged
as a license for the sale and/or delivery of goods from a freight car, the stun of Thirty
Dollars ($30.00) for each car, or portion of car. A freight car shall not be considered
a fixed place of business for any purpose, as defined in this Ordinance, unless said
car is standing upon a privately owned sidetrack which has been in the possession of
and owned or leased by the person selling said goods from said freight car for a period
of at least one year before the selling of said goods from said car.

A platform or other structure constructed upon the right of way of any railroad
 line, or upon land not owned in fee or leased for a period of at least one year before
 the selling of said goods, by the person using said platform, shall not be considered
a permanent place of business for the purpose of this Ordinance.

Section 4. Before in gaging in said business, every person, firm, association or
corporation desiring to engage in said business, shall in addition to securing a license
as hereinbefore provided, secure from the City Clerk, a permit giving the name and
description of the person engaged in said business, and if a wagon, motor truck or other
vehicle is used, a description of the same, which said permit shall not be transferable
and shall only be good for the current quarter for which it is issued. Said permit shall
be displayed at all times by the peddler or be attached in a conspicuous place to his wagon
or vehicle.

The City Clerk is hereby directed to obtain, said permits and to charge the
stun of Five Dollars ($5.00) for one when the same is issued.

Provided, however, that in the event a person having a permit wishes to renew
his license for another quarter, he may secure another permit, upon returning the former
one to the City Clerk and the Clerk shall charge no fee for the same.
Section 5. All peddlers or hawkers, vending vegetables, fruits, meats or other
farm products shall at all times equip the vehicles they may use in vending the same,
with screens and comply with all the sanitary conditions now required or which may hereafter
from time to time be required of retail merchants at their places of business.

Section 6. It is the meaning and intention of this Ordinance that all licenses
procured under said Ordinance shall fall due on each calendar quarter, and the City Clerk
is hereby directed not to issue licenses for a fractional quarter without having the
applicant pay for said fractional quarter in connect ion with the quarter immediately
following said fractional quarter.

Section 7. Nothing in this Ordinance shall apply to any farmer or producer who
sells or disposes of his own agricultural products including fruits or vegetables or of
beef, mutton or pork produced by him in the State of Nevada.

Section 8. Each section of this Ordinance and every part of each section is hereby
declared to be independent sections and parts of sections, and the holding of any section
or part thereof to be void, or ineffective for nay cause shall not be deemed to affect
nor shall it affect any other section or part thereof.

Section 9. All licenses mentioned in this Ordinance shall be printed in appropriate
form, with marginal stub attached, stitched together, and bound in books, and shall be
so printed that on issuance the date, number, amount, class, business and the names, or
name of the parties or party to whom the license is granted, the time for which the
same is granted, and all other necessary information reasonably required by the terms
of this Ordinance, shall be indicated, and they shall be signed, whan issues, by the
City Clerk, with the seal of said City affixed thereto.

Section 10. Any person, firm, association, or corporation opening, conducting,
maintaining, engaging in or carrying on the business in this Ordinance hereinbefore 
mentioned, without having obtained the license and permit from the City of Las Vegas as
hereinbefore provided, and paying the required license tax therefor, or any person
violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Three Hundred
Dollars ($300.00), and not exceeding the sum of Four Hundred Fifty Dollars ($450.00),
and in default of the payment of the fine, the Court may order the defendant imprisoned
in the City Jail of the City of Las Vegas one day for each two dollars of said fine
remaining unpaid, but mot to exceed six (6) months; provided, however, that nothing herein
 contained shall be construed to prevent the City of Las Vegas from recovering the
amount of any license tax herein required to be paid in a civil action brought for such
purpose as provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 11. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with this Ordinance
are hereby repealed.

Section 12. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and
adoption and publication for one week three issues, in Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly 
newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 13. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this City Ordinance No.

160 published for one week, three issues in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 5 day of July 1930 by the following vote:

Commissioners Smith, German, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye.

Noes none.

First reading June 5, 1930. Second and final reading 5 day of July 1930.



Approved this 5 day of July A.D. 1930.

J. F. Hesse._____

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

 Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) SS
County of Clark)

C. Russell Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is business
Manage, of the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance No. 160 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada was continuously published in said
newspaper for a period of one week from July 8, 1930 to July 15, 1903 inclusive, being the
issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 8-10-12, 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the charge for publishing the same was $104.00.

Signed C. Russell Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th day of august, 1930.

C. B. Breeze.

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nev.

My Commission expires May 26, 1931.


ORDINANCE NO. 161.

An Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical installation, fixture
and connection work and providing for the examination of persons engaged in the same,
creating a Board of Examination, regulating the sale of electrical fixtures and appliances,
 providing for the licensing of electrical workers, providing additional regulations
 for electrical installation, fixing a penalty for the violation thereof, and
repealing Ordinance No. 156 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance regulating
the business of doing electrical fixture and connection work providing for the examination
 of persons engaged in the same, and creating an examination board, and providing
a penalty for the violation thereof," and repealing Ordinance No. 128 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance providing for the licensing of electrical workers
in the City of Las Vegas, and fixing a penalty for the violation thereof," and repealing
all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with the provisions of this Ordinance.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:	

Section 1. On and after the passage, adoption, completed publications of this
Ordinance, it shall be unlawful for any master electrician to do or attempt to do, or
cause to be done, except as hereinafter provided, any electrical installation, fixture
or connection work, whether original work or alternation, within the City of Las Vegas,
without first undergoing before a Board of examination as to his competency as an
electrician or electrical worker and procuring from such Board certificate thereof.

Said Board of Examination shall consist of three members, one of whom shall be the
       Chief of the Fire Department, one shall be the Electrical Inspector, and the remaining
member shall be a licensed master electrician, said latter member to be appointed by
the other two members of the Board of Examination, but the person so appointed may
at any time be removed by the Resolution or Order of the Board of City Commissioners of
said City. Such Board shall organize, adopt rules, and regulations for its guidance,
and elect one of its members to be President and another its Secretary. An affirmative
vote of the majority of such Board at a regular or special meeting thereof shall be
sufficient to authorize the issuance of such certificate to any applicant therefor upon
such examination, and such certificate to be signed by the President and Secretary
of such Board. In the event of the failure of said Chief of the Fire Department and
Electrical Inspector to at any time appoint such remaining member of said Board such
appointment may be made by the said Board of City Commissioners, and the person so
appointed may be removed by said Board of City Commissioners, as above provided. The
records of said Board of Examination shall at all times be open to the inspection of
the Mayor and any Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, such Board of Examination
shall make such reports to said Board of City Commissioners from time to time as required
by said Board of City Commissioners. In the event the Chief of the Fire Department
fails or refuses to act on said Board his office shall be filled by the Board of City
Commissioners on said Board of Examination.

Section 3. Said Board of Examination shall have power and it shall be its duty
to cancel and annul the certificate provided for in Section 1, of this Ordinance, of any
person holding the same, should it ascertain that such person or persons have done,
or habitually do any work or cause or permit or allow to be done any work not in strict
accordance with approved electrical methods as defined by any Ordinance of the City of
Las Vegas, or which said Board may regard as dangerous to life or property, and it shall
be unlawful for any person, whose certificate has been so cancelled or annulled, to
again engage in such work until he has been reinstated by the Board of Examination and
a new certificate issued to him.

Section 3. Before filing with said Board of Examination his application for an
examination, as provided in Section 1, the applicant for an examination shall pay a fee
of Ten Dollars, and such examination shall be held by the Board of Examination not more
than thirty days after the filing of the application, of which the applicant shall receive
 at least three days notice. Such fee shall be paid to the City Clerk.

Section 4. The word "person" as used herein shall include also any firm or persons
or corporation. A "master electrician" within the meaning of this Ordinance is a person
firm or corporation actively engaged in the business of electrical installing, altering
and/or repairing electrical wiring of electrical lighting or heating apparatus for
others, directly or by means of agents or employees. A "journeyman electrician" within
the remaning of this Ordinance is a person employed by a master electrician to supervise
under the control and direction of a master electrician the installing, altering and/or
repairing of electrical lighting or heating apparatus or to do installing, altering and/or
repairing of electrical wiring or electrical lighting or heating apparatus.

It shall be unlawful for any journeyman electrician to do electrical work in the
City of Las Vegas without first procuring a certificate therefor as herein provided. Every
application for a certificate as journeyman electrician within the City of Las Vegas
shall be made to the Electrical Inspector, and shall be issued by the Electrical Inspector
only when the applicant therefor shall by written examination have established to the
satisfaction of the Board of Examination aforesaid that such applicant possesses the
qualifications necessary to do the work of journeyman electrician within the said City
and properly install electrical wiring and electrical lighting and heating apparatus in
accordance with the provisions of the then existing ordinances if the City of Las Vegas
relating to such work, or properly supervise the installation of electrical wiring and
electrical lighting and heating apparatus. The fee for the examination for journeymen
electricians shall be Five Dollars ($5.00) and shall be paid to the Electrical Inspector
upon application for certificate.

Every person, of the age of twenty-one or over engaged in the work as master
electrician or journeyman electrician in the City of Las Vegas, at the time of the taking
effect of this Ordinance, shall apply for and receive a certificate of competency from
said Board of Examination before continuing such work, but shall not be required to
submit to examination in order to receive the same, the provisions for taking out such
license and for annual renewal of license of master electrician shall apply to the
master electricians mentioned in this paragraph. In the case of the revocation of a
certificate of competency as herein provided, such person shall submit to and pass an
examination for competency before such Board of Examination before being reinstated and
having a new certificate issued to him. The revocation of certificate of competency of
a journeymen electrician may be had in the same manner and with the same effect as hereinabove
 provided for the revocation of certificate of competency of master electrician.
Section 5. Any person failing to pass such examination as herein provided for
shall be entitled to have returned to him the fee paid to the City Clerk as hereinabove 
provided.

	Section 6. No License shall be granted to a master electrician until a fee of

$25.00 therefor shall have been paid to the City Clerk of said City, which shall 
    constitute the fee for the current calendar year, or portion thereof, in which such license
shall be issued. Any license issued to any master electrician shall expire at the end
 of the calendar year: provided, that upon payment of an annual license fee of $25.00,
such license shall be renewed yearly until revoked.

Section 7. No mast electrician shall allow or permit anyone except himself, or
his agents or employees, to install alter and/or repair any electrical wiring or electrical
 lighting or heating apparatus or equipment under any permit therefor obtained by
him. Any violation of this paragraph of this Ordinance shall be deemed sufficient grounds
for revocation of his license as such.

Section 8. No person, firm or corporation shall engage in the business of selling
electrical supplies and/or of contracting electrical installations, alterations and/or
repairs, for any purpose whatsoever without first having procured a license therefor
and deposited with the City Clerk a surety bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1000)
The bond shall be conditioned upon the faithful performance of all work entered upon
or contracted for in strict accordance and compliance with the terms and requirements	

of all Ordinances of the City of Las Vegas regulating electrical Installations, alterations
 and/or repairs, and all amendments thereto.

The bond shall be conditioned also that the one so bonded shall without additional 
charge remedy any defect due to faulty workmanship incorrect construction and/or
defective or unapproved material, devices, appliances, etc; installed, furnished or
used by the one so bonded or his agents or employee therefor, and that the one so bonded
shall remedy all defeats replacing all unapproved material, devices, appliances, etc;
with approved ones, to the satisfaction of the City Electrical Inspector after due
notice, within fifteen days or other reasonable time as specified by the City Electrical
Inspector and the written opinion of the City Electrical Inspector shall be binding
upon all parties thereto.

The bond shall be a continuing obligation against the depositor and sureties
thereon until the entire amount thereof shall have been exhausted. In case the bond shall
be decreased on account of any recovery which may be obtained, arising out of the violation
 of any conditions of the same the City Electrical Inspector shall require an additional
 bond to given in accordance with this Ordinance in amount sufficient when added
to the unexpired amount of the original bond shall total the amount of the original
bond.

The City of Las Vegas may for itself if injured or damaged by reason of failure
to comply with the provisions of this Ordinance, maintain suit on the bond in any court
having jurisdiction, or suit may be obtained thereon by any person, firm or corporation
injured or damaged by reason of failure of the one bonded to comply with the provisions
hereof.

Section 9. Application for a license shall be made to the City Clerk. The fee
for said license shall be Twenty-five Dollars ($25.00) and shall be payable annually in
advance to the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Upon receipt of the bond, application and fee the City Clerk shall issue a
license which shall expire on the first day of the following year which shall permit
the holder thereof to sell electrical supplies, and when proper notation has been made
thereon by the City Electrical Inspector following the successful compliance by the
applicant of the provisions of this Ordinance, shall permit the holder thereof to also
engage in the business of contracting electrical installation, alterations and/or repairs.

Section 10. Any electrical Contractor licensed under the provisions of this 
Ordinance who shall allow or permit other than himself or his accredited representative
to obtain a permit to perform electrical work under said license, shall be guilty of
a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof, shall be punished as herein provided.

Section 11. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to use or
permit or cause to be used, any electrical apparatus or fixtures when said apparatus or
fixtures or the installation of same does not conform to all the requirements of this
Ordinance.

Section 12. When there are obtainable for any given purpose, materials, fittings,
devices or appliances that have been examined by a properly qualified and authorized
body and approved, listed and/or labeled as conforming to the standards of the United
States Bureau of Standards, or other similar institution of recognized standing, then
only such shall be sold or used. Such approval is always for a particular use and such
approval and label does not mean that the materials st ceters may be used indiscriminately
 but only for the purpose for which approved. For good cause or when public interest
may require, or pending approval the City Electrical Inspector may waive, by writing
in advance, the requirements of this section, bur such waiver shall apply only to the
one particular installation and shall not set a precedent as to further use.

Section 15. The Electrical Inspector shall issue permits, make inspections and
shall keep complete records of all permits and inspections, and shall perform such
other official duties as may be required under the provisions of this or any other
Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas relating to electrical installations, alterations,
and/or repairs. The Electrical Inspector shall pay all monies collected from fees for
permits, etc. to the City clerk daily, together with a duplicate of each permit issued
for that day.

Section 14. The City Electrical Inspector periodically shall make a thorough
reinspection of the installations in or on buildings and/or premises of all electrical
wiring, electrical devices and electrical materials now installed or that may hereafter
be installed, within the City of Las Vegas, and when the installation of such wiring,
devices and/or material is found to be in a dangerous or unsafe condition, the person,
firm, corporation or political subdivision owning, using or operating the same shall be
notified in writing, and shall make the necessary repairs or changes required to place


such wiring, devices and material in a safe condition and have such work completed within
fifteen days, or other reasonable period specified by the City Electrical Inspector in
said notice and shall pay such fees as are required by any of the ordinances of the City
of Las Vegas relating to electrical installations, alterations and/or repairs. The City
Electrical Inspector is hereby empowered to disconnect or order the discontinuance of
electrical service to such wiring, devices, and/or material so found to be defectively
installed until the installation of such wiring, devices and material has been made safe
as directed by the City Electrical Inspector and any person firm or corporation or
political subdivision ordered to discontinue such electrical service shall do so within
24 hours and shall not reconnect or allow it to be re-connected until notified to do so,
by the City Electrical Inspector. Provided, however, that no reinspection shall be made
in any dwelling, house, while same is occupied as as dwelling, without the consent of the
occupant thereof. No person or persons shall hinder or prevent the City Electrical 
Inspector or his deputies from making any electrical inspection except in dwelling houses.

Section 15. The Electrical Inspector shall charge the sum of $1.00 for each
survey of a proposed electrical installation, alteration or repairing for which a permit
has not first been issued, which amount shall be paid by the person, firm or corporation
responsible for such survey, and such sum or sums so received shall be handled and 
disposed of by such Electrical Inspector as all other fees collected by him.

Section 16. Rigid conduit shall be used in concrete tile buildings on such 
portions of the installation where it is necessary to install outlets, plugs, and switches
in the tile.

All conduit used in underground installations shall be galvanised or sheradised
and all joints must be leaded or its equal and made water tight. The use of running
thread in underground installation is prohibited.

Outlet boxes smaller than a four inch octagon box shall not be used on concealed
conduit work,

3-¼ inch outlet boxes may be used on open conduit work provided that 
receptacles or drop cords are used.

Table for number of wires to be used in outlet boxes:

#14	#12	# 10	#8	#6 wire

l½x4 Octagonal or round	9	7	5	4

l½x4 Square	12	10	8	6	4

l½x4 11-16 Square	16	13	10	8	6

21-8x4 Square	20	16	12	10	8

In stepping down wire sizes, splicing of small wire on to larger wire shall be
prohibited. Wires shall be brought into a panel and properly fused. All subfeeds shall
shall have a disconnecting switch and shall be fused according to size or wire.

All disconnect switches shall be permanently grounded.

Section 17. Ceiling outlets for Assembly Halls, Schools, Hospitals, Churches
and Public Buildings shall be as follows:

Corridors---------------------------50	watts

Breakfast rooms--------------------100	watts

Bed Rooms--------------------------100	watts

Bath Rooms-------------------------100	watts

Toilets--------------------------—-50	watts

Auditoriums----------- 1 watt per square foot-200 watts per outlet.

Rooms-----------------1 watt per square foot-200 watts per outlet.

Kitchens--------------1 watt per square foot-150 watts per outlet.

Laundries-------------1 watt per square foot-200 watts per outlet.

Ceiling outlets for residences, plats, and apartments shall be, as follows:

Porches--------------------50 watts	

Reception halls ----------100	watts

Passage halls---------------50	watts

Living rooms -------------150	watts

Dining rooms---------------100	watts

Beam lights-----------------50	watts

Dens------------------    100	watts

Music Rooms---------------100	watts

Libraries------------------150	watts

Bed Rooms--------------—-100	watts 

Bath Rooms-----------------150	watts

Toilets---------------------50	watts

Breakfast rooms------------100	watts

Closets------------------  50	watts

Laundries------------------100	watts

Basement Lights-------------50	watts

Bracket Lights-----------  50	watts

All light outlets on front and rear porches (sleeping porches excepted) bath

rooms, toilets, laundries and kitchens shall be controlled from wall switches, and lights
in any room having running water shall be controlled from wall switches.

There shall be installed at least one convenience outlet in the kitchen,
breakfast room, service porch or laundry in every dwelling place.

Convenience outlets shall not be installed in ironing cabinets.

Ceiling outlets for store and shop rooms shall be as follows:

Sales rooms--------------------1 watt per square foot-200 watts- per outlet.

Basement and storage rooms-----½	"	"	"	"	100	"	"	"

Commericial Buildings----------½    "	"	"	"	100	"	"	"

Window outlets----------------50	"	" lineal foot-150 "	"	"

Automobile Storage	Rooms-----½   "	"	Square	"	100 "	"	"

Wash racks-----------------      ½   "	"	"	"	100 "	"	"

Garages (Public)---------------1	"	"	"	"	200 "	"	"


Section 18. A. master switch must be installed where there are more than
two meter switches in one building.

Troughing must be provided where there are more than two meter switches and
where larger than three No. 8 wires are used.

Flexible conduit shall he strapped within twelve inches of outlet and every
three feet along the run.

Rigid conduit shall be strapped within three feet of outlet and every
five feet along the run.

Wire shall not be pulled in conduit for a distance greater than seventy
feet without the installation of a pull box. Pull boxes may be installed in an accessible
attic land made dust proof.

Notching of joists is permissible if notched 1/5 the depth of the joist
and not more than three times the depth of the joist from the bearing surface.

Porcelain sockets shall be used over all grounded floors where sockets are
less than 8 feet above the floor.

Section 19, All electric sign shall have the approval of the Electrical

Inspector.

Electric signs shall be wired on separate circuits. Switches controlling
sign or outlet lighting shall be externally operated.

When signs are not within sight of the switch, the switch shall be of

locking type.

Section 20. Weatherproof wire shall be used in the installation of yard

wiring.

In yard wiring, where the current carrying conductors support the lights,
wooden spreaders of not less than 12 inches in length shall be used. Spreaders shall be
placed every ten feet along the run, and shall have an approved insulator on each end
and conductors shall be securely fastened to theses insulators.

Conductors are to be dead ended on a suitable bracket or insulator at
each end of the run.

A Galvanized iron wire of not less than #12 gage shall be continuous from
from one end of the run to the other, and shall be securely fastened to the center of
each spreader. The galvanized iron wire shall be securely fastened at each end of the run
so as to act as a messenger and release the strain on the current carrying conductors.

All yard light shall be equipped with weatherproof sockets.

-

Section 21. All ground connections shall run to a cold water pipe and
fastened by an approved ground clamp. Where it is impracticable to connect to a water pipe
a ground rod of not smaller than inch galvanized pipe (or its equal) shall be used.

Section 22. Open wires shall be separated from contract with walls, floors
timbers or partitions through which they pass by tubes or bushings composed of approved
non-combustible non-absorptive insulating materials.

Wires crossing through cross timbers in plaster partitions shall be 

 protected by an additional tube extending at least three inches above the timber where it
  is  impracticable to use tubes or bushings loom may be substituted.

Section 23. All alternating current motors having a normal rated capacity
 of one (1) horsepower or over shall be equipped with a no-voltage release switch. All
alternating current motors having a normal rated capacity of over two (2) horsepower
shall be equipped with an over load protection.

Section 24. Every person, firm or corporation violating any of the 
provisions of this Ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction
thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Five Dollars nor more than Three
Hundred Dollars or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period not exceeding One 
Hundred Fifty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 25. Ordinance No. 156, of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An 
Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical installation, fixture and connection
work and providing for the examination of persons engaged in the same, creating an 
examination board and providing a penalty for the violation thereof," is hereby repealed.

Section 26. Ordinance No. 128 of the City Las Vegas, entitled, "An 
Ordinance providing for the licensing of electrical workers in the City of Las Vegas, and
fixing a penalty for the violation thereof," is hereby repealed.

Section 27. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with the
provisions of this Ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 28. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage
and adoption and publication for a period of one week (three issues) in Las Vegas Age,
a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 29. Every person, firm or corporation violating any of the 
provisions of this Ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a separate offense for each day or
portion thereof during which such violation continues and shall be punishable therefor
as herein provided.

Passed and adopted this 14th day of July A.D, 1930 by the following
vote of the Board of City Commissioners:

Commissioners Hansell, German, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse 
voting aye. Noes none.

	First reading June 30, 1930.

Final reading July 14, 1930.

	Approved this 14th day of July, A.D. 1930.

J. F. Hesse.

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

t Attest:

Viola Burns.

City Clerk.
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark )

C. Russell Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Business
Manager of Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
 at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
 No. 161 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, was continuously published in said newspaper
 for a period of one week from July 17, 1930 to July 24, 1930 inclusive, being the
issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 17, 19, and 22, 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the charge for publishing the same was $244.00.

Signed C. Russell Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th day of August, 1930.

C. D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada.

My Commission expires May 26, 1931.

ORDINANCE NO. 162.

	An Ordinance regulating the use of devices or apparatus which interferes with

 radio broadcast reception.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to operate
in the City of Las Vegas any apparatus generating or causing high frequency oscillations
which interferes with radio broadcast receiving apparatus or wireless receiving apparatus
 between the hours of 12 o'clock noon, and eleven o'clock P.M. except that a person
duly licensed to practice medicine, osteopathy, chiropractic or dentistry by the State
of Nevada, in a case of absolute emergency arising in the course of practice of his
profession and which case demands immediate treatment between the aforementioned hours,
may operate or cause to be operated under his direct supervision any machine necessary
 to give emergency treatment in such case.

Section 2. Any device or apparatus such as Violet Ray machines, machines using
Tesla Coil or principle, X-Ray machines and Diathermy machines which interferes with the

intelligibility of reception under the following conditions, shall be considered as coming
 within the terms of this ordinance:

(a)	Such devices or apparatus must be situated 100 feet or more from the radio
receiving equipment with which it interfered.

(b)	The radio receiving equipment interfered with shall be operated on a
volume comparable to a person speaking in a normal tone of voice.

(c)	It is expressly understood and provided, however, that this ordinance shall not
apply to radio stations, either broadcast, commercial or amateur, licensed by the federal
 government and/or which are engaged in interstate communication.

Section 5. The Electrical Inspector of the City of Las Vegas, or his duly authorized
 deputies, shall have the right to enter upon any premises at all reasonable hours
for the purpose of inspecting the installation and working of all apparatus coming within
thee terms of this ordinance, and it shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation
to interfere with the Electrical Inspector, or his duly authorized deputies, in making
said inspection or to refuse to permit the said Electrical Inspector or his deputies to
enter the premises for such purposed.

Section 4. When an inspection and test shall have been made by the Electrical
Inspector, or his duly authorized deputies, and it is found that equipment or apparatus
coming within the terms of this ordinance is being operated in violating of the terms
of this ordinance, the person or persons responsible for the operation of such equipment
shall be notified in writing to discontinue the use of such machine or to make additions
repairs or modifications thereof, in order that the same may be operated in a manner
which complies with the provisions of this ordinance. The mailing of a registered letter
addressed to the owner or operator of the machine at the premises where the machine is
located shall constitute a sufficient notice for the purpose of this ordinance. In the
event that the owner or operator of such machine or apparatus does not, within forty
eight (48) hours after receipt of notice to repair or discontinue the use of such machine
during the hours of the use of such machine is prohibited by this ordinance, or repair the
same so that it complies with the provisions of this ordinance, such owner shall be deemed
to be operating such machine or apparatus in violation of the provisions of this Ordinance
and such person shall be subject to the penalties hereafter provided for such violation.

Section 5. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction hereof shall be punishable by a fine
of not more than Three Hundred Dollars ($300.00) or by imprisonment in the City Jail for
a period of not more than One Hundred Fifty (150) days, or by both such fine and 
imprisonment.

Section 6. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after
its passage and publication for one week (3 issues) in Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly 
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 4 day of September 1930, upon the following vote:
Commissioners Smith, German, Hansell, and Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye.

Noes none. First reading August 7, 1930, Second reading September 4, 1930.
Approved this 4 day of September, 1930.

J. F. Hesse
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns.

City Clerk.

(City Seal).

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
County of Clark)

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher
of Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
No. 162 was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of three issues from
Sept. 6 to Sept. 11 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit Sept. 6, 9 and 11 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the charge for publishing the same was $48.00.

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of Sept. 1930.

C. D. Breeze.

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1931.

(Notarial Seal)

	ORDINANCE NO. 163.

	An Ordinance creating the office of City Engineer, providing for the appointment

 or such officer, defining his powers and duties as such officer and fixing his compensation
and other matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. The office of City Engineer of the City of Las Vegas is hereby created,
such officer to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are specified in the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas, or such of said powers and/or duties as may be specified
 in the Resolution making the appointment of such office.

Section 2. The City Engineer shall be appointed by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas and shall hold office at the pleasure of such Board. In making
such appointment the said Board of City Commissioners shall specify which and such of the
powers and duties as are specified for such office in the City Charter shall be had and
performed by him. The City Engineer shall receive such compensation as may from time to
time be fixed by Resolution of said Board of City Commissioners. Said City Engineer may
be allowed such deputies, assistants or clerks, as in the judgment of the Board of City
Commissioners may be necessary, the compensation of such deputies, assistants and/or
clerks to be fixed and determined from time to time by the said Board of City Commissioners.

Setion 3. This Ordinance shall take effect and be inforce from and after its
passage and adoption and publication for one week, (3 issues) in Las Vegas Age, a tri-
weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 6 day of September 1930, upon the following vote,
Commissioners German, and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.
First reading August 29, 1930.

Second reading September 6, 1930.

Approved this 6 day of September, 1930.

_____J. F. Hesse. —

Mayor.

attest:

Viola Burns.

City Clerk.

(City Seal).
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) SS



County of Clark)

 C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher
of Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
No. 163 was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of three issues
from Sept. 9 to Sept. 13 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
 dates, to-wit Sept. 9, 11, and 15th 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named. That the charge for publishing the same was $22.00.

Signed C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of Sept. 1930

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1931.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 164. 	

	

An Ordinance amending Section A of Ordinance No. 136 entitled, "An Ordinance
creating the office of City Electrical Inspector, and prescribing his duties, creating
and Establishing the Bureau, providing for the issuance of permits for installing electrical
 construction and fixing the fees therefore: regulating the installation of
electrical construction, maintenance, and repair of electrical wiring, apparatus or
equipment for light, heat, power, within, upon, or attached to buildings, structures,
lots or premises, within the City of Las Vegas, and providing a penalty for the violation
  of this Ordinance."

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section X of the above entitled Ordinance No. 157 is hereby amended to read
as follows:

Section 1. The City Electrical Inspector shall hold office during the pleasure
 of the Board of City Commissioners. He must qualify within ten days from the time
of his appointment by taking the constitutional oat of office and filing a bond in the
sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) with the City Clerk, the same to be approved
by the said Board of City Commissioners, The City Electrical Inspector shall be entitled
to receive and shall be paid monthly an amount equal to the fees collected hereunder
each month, up to but not exceeding Two Hundred Dollars ($200.00) and such amount shall
be full compensation for all services rendered, provided, however, that the City shall
be liable for and shall pay said Inspector the difference between the amount of fees
collected hereunder and the sum of One Hundred ($100.00) Dollars for each and every
month that the fees so collected do not amount to the sum of One Hundred ($100.00)
Dollars; provided further that the City shall not be liable in any respect for the difference
 between the amount of the fees collected and the aforesaid sum of Two Hundred
($200.00) Dollars.

Section 2. All Ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the 
provisions of this Ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 3. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage
and adoption and publication for a period of one week, (three issues) in Lias Vegas Age
a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 6 day of September A.D. 1930 by the following
vote of the Board of City Commissioners:

Commissioners German, Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye.

Noes none.

First reading August 21, 1930.

Final reading September 6, 1930.

Approved this 6 day of September, 1930.

_______J. F. Hesse.________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark)

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of
Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
No. 164, was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of three issues
from Sept. 9 to Sept. 9 to Sept. 13, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: Sept. 9, 11, and 15th 1930.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the charge for publishing the same was $33.35.

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of Sept. 1930.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1931.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 165.

AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT GAMING AND OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A LICENSE THEREFOR, REGULATING THE SAME, FIXING THE
AMOUNT OF SUCH LICENSES, PROVIDING A PENALTY THEREFOR, REPEALING ORDINANCES NOS. 77,

82, 88, 103, and 115, and ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES INCONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section l. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation
either, as owner, lessee, or employee, whether for hire or not, to deal, operate,
carry on, conduct, maintain, or expose for play, within the City of Las Vegas, any
game of faro, monte, roulette, keno, fan-tan, twenty-one, stud poker, draw poker,
or any banking or percentage game played with cards, dice, or any mechanical device
or machines, for money, property, checks, credit, or any representation of value;
or any gambling game in which any person, firm, association or corporation keeping,
conducting, managing, or permitting the same to be carried on, receives, directly or
indirectly, any compensation or reward, or any percentage or share of the money or property
 played, for keeping, running, carrying on, or permitting the said game to be
carried on; or to play, maintain, or keep any slot machine played for money, for
checks or tokens redeemable in money or property, without having first procured a
license for the same as hereinafter provided; and provided further, that no alien,
or any person except a citizen of the United States, shall be issued a license, or
shall directly or indirectly own, operate or control any game or device so licensed.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation
to knowingly permit any of the slot machines, games or devices mentioned in section
one of this Ordinance to be conducted, operated, dealt or carried on in any house or
building owned by him, her or it, in whole or in part, except by a person, firm,
association or corporation who has received a license as herein provided, or by his
employee.

Section 3. For the purposes of this Ordinance, the term game or games shall be	

construed to mean and include all games and devices herein mentioned and any slot
machine or slot machines played for money or for checks or tokens redeemable in money
or property.

Section 4. Nothing in this Ordinance shall be construed to prohibit social games
played solely for drinks or cigars served individually, or games played in private
homes or residences fir prizes or nickel-in-the-slot machines operated solely for
cigars or drinks.

Section 5. All applications for licenses or renewels thereof, shall be made by
petition to the Board of City Commissioners by the filing, of same with the City Clerk,
which City Clerk shall immediately refer each such application to the Board of City
Commissioners at or before the next meeting thereof after receipt of such petition by
him. The same may be acted upon by said Board at any regular or recessed regular
meeting of such Board of City Commissioners. A Majority vote of the members present
shall be necessary to authorize the issuance or renewal of any license at such meeting.

Section 6. All applications for licenses as in this Ordinance provided shall
state the business and place of business of the applicant, a complete description of the

particular room	and premises in	which the licensee desires to carry on	or conduct	such

slot machine, device or together with the location of the building, its street

number, if such	there be, and any other information by which it may be 	definitely and

readily located	and recognized,	the name in full of the applicant, and 	in case of	a

corporation, copartnership or association shall state the name in full of each and all
the copartners or associates, and in the case of a corporation, the

officers and managers thereof. The person, firm, association or corporation so applying
for a license shall state definitely the particular type of slot machine, or the particular
game or device which the licensee desires to carry on or conduct in said room and
premises; and as so stated the same shall be specifically described in and entered upon

said license.

Section 7. The Board of City Commissioners, in the exercise of their discretion,
may refuse to grant or renew the license provided for in this Ordinance, to any person,
firm, association or corporation, and may also revoke any license granted hereunder, if
in their judgment or discretion it should appear to them that the licensee is not a
proper person, firm, association, or corporation to carry on or conduct the slot
mahince, device and/or game for which the license is granted, or that such slot machine,
device and/or game is not being properly or fairly conducted. Upon such revocation the
City of Las Vegas shall be entitled to retain the license fee theretofore paid for

such license.

Section 8. All licenses herein provided for shall be issued by the City Clerk.

Card games, that is, stud and draw poker, bridge, whist, solo and pangingue for
money shall be licenses independent of other games mentioned in this ordinance, at the
rate of Two and one-half Dollars ($2.50) per month, payable one quarter year in advance.

A license fee of Five Dollars ($5.00) per month, payable for one quarter year in advance,
shall be paid for each game or device license issued except slot machines, and for each
money slot machine One Dollars ($1.00) per month, payable for one quarter year in advance,
for each handle on said money slot machine. Paid license shall entitle the holder or
holders, or his or their employee or employees, to carry on, conduct, and operate the
specific slot machine game or device for which said license is issued in the particular
room and premises described therein, but not for any other slot machine, game or device
in any other place than the room and premises so described, for a period of one quarter
of a year next succeeding the date of issuance of said license; provided that no license
shall be granted for any portion of any quarter for a less amount then the full quarterly
license; and the end of said quarters shall be the last days of March, June, September
and December of each year; provided further, that the licensee shall be entitled to
carry on, conduct and operate two or more slot machines, games or devices mentioned in
section one of this ordinance, in the same room, by paying the license fee herein
provided for, for each slot machine, game or device and otherwise complying with the
terms of this section. Each license shall specify upon the face thereof the name of the
licensee, and a particular description of the particular room and premises in which
the licensee intends to carry on, conduct or operate any one slot machine, game or device
mentioned in section one of this Ordinance, and shall specify the particular type	

of slot machine, or the particular game, or the particular device, by name; any license
issued under the provisions of this Ordinance shall not be transferable by the licensee
to any other person, firm, association or. corporation, and shall be valid only for the
particular room and premises described therein, and the specified slot machine, game, 
or device for which it is issued. No license money paid under this Ordinance shall be
refunded, whether the slot machine, game or device for which any license was issued has
voluntarily ceased or has been revoked under the provisions of this Ordinance herein
provided, or for any other reason. The license fees herein provided shall be in addition
 to those collected by the Sheriff of Clark County.

Section 9. Any licensee -holding a valid existing license from the City of Las
Vegas and from the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a current quarter may, during
 such current quarter, secure a license for additional slot machines, games or devices,
 as the case may be, over and above the particular number of slot machines,
games or devices for which he, they or it holds a license, for the remainder of the
quarter by paying to the City Clerk the license fee above provided, for the additional
particular slot machine, game or device, as the case may be, and for which the City
Clerk shall issue an additional license for the remainder of such quarter, and the
additional license shall be upon the same terms and conditions as though issued under
the provisions of Section 8 of this Ordinance.

Section 10. All licenses issued for gambling games, devices and slot machines
of every character and description shall be posted in a conspicuous place where such
gambling games, devices and slot machines are installed, in order that they may be
inspected by authorized state, county, city and town officials, who shall report in
writing, to the Sheriff of the County and to the Chief of Police of the City wherein
such gambling games, devices and slot machines are located any and all gambling games
devices and slot machines found to be operating without a license. A failure to comply
with the provisions of this section shall constitute a ground for the revocation of
such license or licenses so posted.

Section 11. The required license fee shall accompany each application for issuance
or renewal of a license and be paid to the City Clerk, and such fees when same become
the property of the City shall be placed in such fund and used for such purposes as the
Board of City Commissioners shall from time to time direct.

Section 12. It shall be. the duty of the owner, proprietor, manager or other person
 having charge or control of any location or place of business for or concerning
which a license or licenses is or are issued under this ordinance, (except as to slot
machines) and any employee thereof, at all times of the day and night to keep and
maintain on, or upon at least one side of each and every glass door or window fronting
or abutting upon any street or alley, a shade or shads, curtain or curtains screens
or screens, or other obstruction, which shall fully prevent and obstruct at all times
the free view from the outside of such glass door or window into that portion of such
location or place of business where such gambling game and/or gambling device 
(exclusive of slot machines) is or are located or being carried on. Provided however that
no such game or games, gambling device or gambling devices, so licensed, shall be dealt,
played, operated, carried on, or exposed for play behind locked or closed doors.
Section 15. Any person or any officer of any corporation, or any member of any
copartnership or association violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be
upon conviction thereof, be punished by a fine in the sum of not less than One Hundred
Fifty Dollars ($150.00), or not more than Four Hundred Fifty Dollars ($450.00), or by
imprisonment in the City Jail for a period not less than thirty (50) days nor more than
five (5) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment. Each and every day upon which
a violation of this Ordinance shall occur shall be deemed a separate and distinct
violation thereof.

Section 14. Ordinance No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance
to prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor,
regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor,
and repealing all ordinances in conflict therewith," approved Oct. 1, 1919, and Ordinance
 No. 82, of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance to amend section six (6)
of Ordinance No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance to prohibit gaming
 in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating
the same, fixing, the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, and repealing
 all ordinances in conflict therewith, "approved June 15, 1921 and Ordinance No. 88
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance to amend section six (6) of Ordinance
No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, 'An Ordinance to prohibit gaming in the
City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing
 the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor and repealing all ordinances
in conflict therewith,' and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
with such amendment," approved March 15, 1922, and Ordinance No. 103 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance to amend section six (6) of Ordinance No. 77 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance to prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas,
without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount of
such license, providing a penalty therefor, and repealing all ordinances in conflict
therewith," and to amend said Ordinance No. 77 by adding a new section thereto to be
known as Section 6b, and to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
with said amendments, "approved December 4, 1923, and Ordinance No. 115 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section three (3) of Ordinance No. 103 of
the City of Las Vegas, entitled, 'An Ordinance to amend Section six (6) of Ordinance
No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance to prohibit gaming in the City
of Las Vegas without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing
the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, and repealing all ordinances
in conflict therewith,' and to amend said Ordinance No. 77 by adding a new section thereto
to be known as Section 6b, and to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
 with said amendments," and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith 
are hereby repealed.

Section 15. If any provisions of this ordinance shall be held invalid, it shall
not be construed to invalidate any of the other provisions of this Ordinance.

Section 16. This Ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and
publication as hereinafter authorized, and this Ordinance is passed as an emergency
ordinance under the provisions of a Resolution adopted by the Board of City Commissioners
on this 30th day of March, 1931.

Section 17. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance
 published in the Las Vegas Age, a Tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas, for a period of one week (3 issues).	

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 30th day of March, 1931, and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon second
reading on said last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners German, Hansell,
Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes none.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.



(City Seal)

Approved this 30 day of March, 1931.

J. F. Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS

County of Clark )

C. P. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas, was published in said newspaper for a period of One
- week from March 31, 1931 to april 4, 1931 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: March 31, April 2 and 4, 1931

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the charge for publishing the same was $156.00

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th day of April 1931

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1931.

(Notarial Seal)
282



ORDINANCE NO. 166.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the Erection, Construction, 
Enlargement, Alteration, Repair, Moving, Removal, Demolition, Conversion, Occupancy, 
Equipment, Use, Height, Area, and Maintenance, of all buildings and/or structures in the City
of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of Permits, an collection of fees therefor;
providing penalties for the violation therefor; declaring and establishing Fire Zones;
Repealing Ordinances Nos. 144-27-59-61 and 72 of the City of Las Vegas and all other
ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That, a certain document, three (3) copies of which arc on file in
the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated as 
"Uniform Building Code, 1930 Edition, published May 1930, by Pacific Coast Building
Officials' Conference", be and the same is hereby adopted as the building code of the
City of Las Vegas for the regulation of the erection, construction, enlargement, 
alteration, repair, moving, removal, demolition, conversion, occupancy, equipment, use, height,
area and maintenance of all buildings and/or structures in the City of Las Vegas; 
providing penalties for the violation of such building code; declaring and establishing fire
zones; and each and all of the regulations, provisions, penalties, conditions and terms
of such "Uniform Building Code, 1930 Edition, published May, 1930, by Pacific Coast
Building Officials' Conference", on file in the office of the City Clerk are hereby
referred to, adopted, and made a part hereof as if fully set out in this Ordinance,
except that Subdivisions (a), (b) and (c) of Section 1603 of said Uniform Building Code,
1930 Edition is hereby amended so that the same shall read as follows:

"Section 1603. (a) No building of Type V Construction shall be erected or 
constructed in or moved into Fire Zone No. 2.

(b) No building of Type IV Construction shall be erected or constructed in or
moved into Fire Zone No. 2

(c) Any building in Fire Zone No. 2 which is enlarged, altered, raised or
built upon to an extent exceeding an expenditure of fifty (50) per cent of the value of
such building shall be made to comply with the requirements of a Type I, II or III
building."

Section 2. That, Ordinance No. 144 of the City of "Las Vegas, entitled "An
Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the erection, construction, enlargement,
alteration, repair, moving, removal, demolition, conversion, occupancy, equipment, use,
height, area, and maintenance of all buildings and/or structures in the City of Las
Vegas; providing for the issuance of permits and collection of fees therefor; providing
penalties for the violation thereof; declaring and establishing fire zones; repealing
Ordinances Nos. twenty-seven (27), fifty-nine (59), sixty-one (61) and seventy-two
(72) of the City of Las Vegas and all other ordinances and parts of Ordinances in 
conflict therewith", passed and adopted August 1, 1929, and Ordinance No. 27 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance Fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas,
regulating building construction and the keeping and storage of combustibles and 
explosives," passed and adopted March 6, 1912, and Ordinance No. 59 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section eight (8) of Ordinance No. 27 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance Fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas,
regulating building construction and the keeping and storage of combustibles and 
explosives,' "passed and adopted March 3, 1915, and Ordinance No. 61 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section six (6) of Ordinance No. twenty-seven (27)
entitled 'An Ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating
building construction and the keeping and storage of combustibles and expolsives,' "
passed and adopted August 4, 1915, and Ordinance No. 72 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance amending Sections 2, 3, 6, and 7 of Ordinance No. 27 of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, entitled 'An Ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas,
regulating building construction and the keeping of combustibles and explosives,'"
passed and adopted June 28, 1918, and all other Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in 
conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 3. That, the entire incorporated area of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby declared to be and is hereby established as a Fire District and said Fire 
District shall be known and designated as Fire Zones 2 and 3, and each such zone shall
include such territory or portions of said City as illustrated, outlined and designated
 on a certain map on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,
being marked and designated as "Fire Zones of the City of Las Vegas," which is hereby
adopted as the fire zoning map of the City of Las Vegas for the application of the 
regulations included in the "Uniform Building Code, 1930 Edition, published May, 1930,
by Pacific Coast Building Officials' Conference".

Section 4. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage and publication for a period of one week (6 issues) in Las Vegas Evening Review-
Journal a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 6 day of April, 1931 by the following vote: German,
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes none. First reading March
25, 1931. Second reading April 6, 1931.

Approved this 6th day of April, 1931.

J. F. Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

(City Seal)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss

County of Clark)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman
of the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal a daily newspaper, of general circulation,
printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week,
two issues from April 7, 1931 to April 11, 1931 inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: April 7-14. That said newspaper was regularly
 issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this April 14th, 1931

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires 1/12/35
(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 167.

An Ordinance regulating dry cleaning plants in the City of Las Vegas, providing
penalties for the violation thereof, and other matters relating thereto, and repealing
all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Section 1.	The dry cleaning room of a clothes cleaning establishment shall be

a fireproof building not more than one (l) story high, with no basement beneath; building
must be of brick, stone, or concrete construction with concrete floor. Said walls shall
be at least eight inches thick.

(a)	The doors of such room must be an approved pattern of automatic fire doors;
and the windows shall be of wired glass in metal frames and sashes.

(b)	'The walls of	said room shall have	vent holes at the floor line not less than

6x8	inches in area, one	such opening in each	outside wall of the room.

(c) The dry cleaning room shall be equipped with fire buckets filled with sand for
use in extinguishing fires, the number of buckets and quantity of sand to be determined
by the Fire Chief.

(d)	There shall be no connection between the said clothes cleaning establishments
to public or private sewers, drains catch-basin or pit, and no heating or cooking
stoves, or fires of any description, shall be permitted in said cleaning room.

(e)	The lighting must be done byelectricity in the most approved manner; and all
switches must be four and one-half (4½) feet above the floor of such establishments,
located near the door, so as not to allow opportunity for vapor to collect near them.

(f)	It shall be	unlawful to locate,	have, use or maintain a steam generating

boiler,	dynamo, or motor	within the walls of	any clothes cleaning establishment except

in a room entirely separated from the cleaning and dyeing rooms.

Section 2. All solvent used for dry cleaning garments must be stored in underground
 tanks make of not less than 14 gauge iron with the exception of such tanks or
clarifiers not to exceed two in number and which must be placed in a separate room.

Section 3. Each washing machine, drying tumbler or any other appliance to wash
or dry garments must be equipped with automatic steam valve with sufficient steam pressure
to extinguish any fire with might occur. The sufficiency of such equipment shall be 
determined by the Fire Chief.

Section 4. No dry cleaning room shall be located less than fifteen feet from
any other building.

Section 5. Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this
ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be
punishable by a fine of not more than three hundred dollars or by imprisonment in the
City Jail not more then one hundred fifty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Each and every person, firm or corporation shall be deemed guilty of a separate offense
for every day during any portion of which any violation of any provision of this Ordinance
 is committed, continued or permitted by such person, firm or corporation, and shall
be punishable thereafter as provided in this Ordinance.

Section 6. All ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith are hereby
 repealed.

Section 7. This ordinance shall take effect thirty days aftersits passage and
publication for one week (6 Issues) in Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal a daily newspaper
 published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 22 day of April, 1931, by the Following vote: Commissioners 
German, Hansell, and Thomas and His Honor the mayor Hesse, voting Aye. hoes none.
First reading March 25, 1931. Second reading April 22, 1931.

Approved this 22 day of April, 1931.

J. F. Hesse
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns City Clerk.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: That he is Foreman of the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week, every day from
April 23, 1931 to April 30, 1931 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: Apr. 23-24-25-27-28-29-30, 1931.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th day of April 1931.

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires 1/12/35.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 168.

An ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas, establishing a residence
district, industrial and commercial districts within the said City of Las Vegas; defining
 such districts; declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain, or operate certain
 factories, works, or establishments within said residence districts and said commercial
 districts; regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and rebuilding
 of certain works or establishments in said districts; providing penalties for
the violation of said Ordinance, and repealing ordinances in conflict therewith.

	The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1.

That all of the City of Las Vegas is hereby established as and declared to be a
residence district, excepting therefrom those portions of the City included within the
boundaries of the hereinafter described commercial districts and industrial districts.

Section 11.

That the commercial districts are hereby created and established within the said
City as described as follows:

The commercial district hereby defined as:

All frontage on Fremont Street from Main Street to the east City limits to a
depth not exceeding 150 feet; all frontage on Fifth Street from the south city limits to
the north city limits to a depth not exceeding one hundred fifty (150) feet; all lots
fronting on First Street from Bridger Street to Stewart Street; all lots fronting on
Second Street from Stewart Street to Clark Street; all lots fronting on Third Street
from Stewart Street to Bridger Street; all lots fronting on Fourth Street from Stewart
Street to Bridger Street. All lots on Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh
and Twelfth Streets from Stewart Street to Carson Street; all 1ots fronting on the
south side of Stewart Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street; all lots fronting on the
north side of Carson Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street; all lots fronting on
Ogden Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street. All lots on Clark Avenue and Wilson
Avenue in original Townsite. All frontage on Main Street (East Side) from north City
limits to south City limits, not exceeding 150 feet in depth.

	Section 111.



That the industrial districts are hereby created and established within the
      said City as described as follows:

All that portion of the City of Las Vegas west of Main Street, north of Charleston
 Boulevard, (except Original Townsite; H. F. M. and M. Addition; Valley View Addition;
Woodland Park) and that portion west of the prolongation of Main Street south of Charleston
 Boulevard.

Section IV.

It shall be un lawful for any person, firm, or corporation to erect, establish,
  maintain, operate, or carry on, within the residence districts described in Section
1 hereof, any industrial business, or commercial establishment of any kind whatsoever,
except with the approval of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and
with the written consent of the owners of more than fifty (50%) per cent of the area of
the land within a radius of 500 feet of such proposed industrial business or commercial
establishments, exclusive, however, of land used for public streets, highways, or alleys,
and land used for railroad, interurban railroad, or street railroad rights of way.; provided,
 however, that said Board of Commissioners may not grant its approval for the
erection, establishment, maintenance, or operation, within the said residential districts,
 of any of the factories, works, plants, or establishments named in Section V
hereof; and provided, further, that the provisions of this Section shall not apply to
any industrial business or commercial establishment that is being operated, maintained,
or carried on within said residential districts at the time of the adoption of this
Ordinance.

Section V.

It shall be un lawful for any person, firm, or corporation to erect, establish,
operate, carry on, or maintain any of the following named factories, plants, works,

or establishments within the City of Las Vegas, except within the boundaries of the
said industrial districts, to-wit: fireworks factories, shoe factory, rolling mill,

 furniture factory, camp grounds, planing mill, gas plant or factory, gas works, soap
factory, glue factory, tallow rendering establishments, wholesale dye or cleaning
establishments employing five persons or more, tannery, foundry, oil well, oil refinery,
any plant for the storage of more than 2200 gallons of oil, gasoline, coal oil or
other petroleum product or products, cannery, winery, fertilizer factory, carpet
beating establishment, public hay bar, mattress factory, rook crusher, lumber yard,
public laundry or wash house, any plant for the manufacture of shoe blackening, insect
poison or exterminator, tar roofing or water proofing, rubber or gutta percha, creosote,
stove polish, paint, shellac, varnish, vinegar, storage batteries, gelatine or sizing,
lamp black, peroxylin, tar asphalt, disinfectants, printing ink, sulphuric acid, steel
tanks, tile and terra cotta, any stone yard, monument works, asphalt refinery, ice
plant, ice storage house of more than five tons capacity, potash works, tar distillation,
wool pulling or scouring, crematory, mortuary; any plant for the distillation of bones,
coal or wood, wrecked automobile storage yard, building material storage year, milk
distributing station, plating works, curing of storage of raw hides or skins, bottling
works; carting, express, hauling or storage yard; contractor's plant or storage yard,
cooperage works, oiled, rubber or leather goods factory, coal, coke, or wood yead,
acetylene gas manufacture or storage, bakery, wholesale, employing more than five per-
sons, wholesale poultry house, bowling alley, above ground level, burlap manufacture
or bag cleaning, ammonia, bleaching powder, gaming house or amusement establishments,
chlorine manufacture, boiler works, any kind of manufacture or treatment other than
the manufacture or treatment of products purely incidental to the conduct of a retail
business conducted on the premises, provided such industrial use occupies more than
20 per cent of the floor space of the buildings on such premises; any trade industry
or use that is noxious or offensive by reason of the emission of odor, dust, smoke,
or noise; provided, however, that the provisions of this Section shall not apply to
any works, factory, or establishment of any of the kinds or varieties in this Section
 enumerated where such works, factory, or establishment is now being operated,
maintained or carried on at the time of the adoption of this Ordinance*

Section VI.

If any industrial business or commercial plant or establishment being operated,
maintained, or carried on with said residence district at the time of the adoption of
this Ordinance, or any of the works, establishments, factories, or plants enumerated
in Section V hereof being operated, maintained, or carried on within said commercial
district or residential district at the time of the adoption of this Ordinance shall
be thereafter partially destroyed by fire or otherwise, it shall be unlawful for any
person, firm, or corporation to erect, maintain, establish, carry on, rebuild or replace
 the same, when it will cost 60 per cent or more of the value before destruction
of said factory, plant, works, or establishment to replace the same.

Section Vll

It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation maintaining, operating
conducting, or carrying on any industrial business or commercial plant or establishment
within said residential district at the time of the adoption of this Ordinance, or
maintaining, operating, conducting, or carrying on any of the works, plants, factories,
or establishments enumerated in Section V hereof within said commercial districts
at the time of the adoption of this Ordinance, to enlarge such business, plant, works,
factories, or establishments by building any addition thereto or otherwise, except
with the approval of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and with
the written consent of the owners of more than 50 per cent of the area of the land
within a radius of 500 feet of said addition, exclusive, however, of land used for
public streets, highways, or alleys.

Section Vlll.

Any person, firm, or corporation violating any of the provisions of this 
Ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be
punished by a fine of not less than Ten ($10.00) Dollars or more than Four Hundred
($400.00) Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail in the City of Las Vegas for
not less than five (5) or more than Two Hundred (200) days or by both such fine and
imprisonment.

Section IX

Each such person, firm, or corporation shall be deemed guilty of a separate
offense for every day during any portion of which any violation of any of the provisions
 of this Ordinance is committed, continued or permitted by such persons, firm,
or corporation, and shall be punished therefor as provided by this ordinance.

Section X

The boundaries of the several districts herein created may be changed,
larged, decreased or otherwise modified, from time to time by the Board of Commissioners
 of the City of Las Vegas, and new and additional residence, commercial or industrial
 districts may be created, established, and defined by said Board of City
Commissioners from time to time.

Section XI

This ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication
 as hereinafter authorized, and this Ordinance is passed as an emergency ordinance
under the provisions of a Resolution adopted by the Board of City Commissioners
on this 22 day of April, 1931.

Section Xll

The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance published in
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
for a period of one week (six issues).

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the frist time at a recessed
 regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the
22 day of April, 1931 and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon second reading on said 
last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

Approved this 22 day of April, 1931.

J. F. Hesse,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week, every day from
April 23, 1931 to April 30, 1931 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: April 23-24-25-27-20-29-30, 1931. That said newspaper was 
regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named;

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th day of April 1931.

	A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires 1/12/35.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 169.

An Ordinance to amend Section 3 of Ordinance No. 166 of the City of Las Vegas.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 3 of Ordinance No. 166 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An
Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the erection, construction, enlargement,
alteration, repair, moving, removal, demolition, conversion, occupancy, equipment, use,
height, area, and maintenance of all building and/or structures in the City of Las Vegas;
providing for the issuance of Permits and collection of fees, therefor; providing penalties
for the violation thereof; declaring and establishing Fire Zones; Repealing Ordinances Nos.
144-27-59-61 and 72 of the City of Las Vegas and all other Ordinances and parts of 
ordinances in conflict therewith," be and the same is hereby amended so that the same shall
read as follows:

Section 3. That, the entire incorporated area of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
declared to be and is hereby established as Fire District and said Fire District shall
be known and designated as Fire Zones 2 and 3, and each of such zone shall include such

	territory or portions of said City as illustrated, outlined and designated on a certain

	map on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and

designated as "Fire Zones of the City of Las Vegas, as amended in connection with Ordinance

 No. 169 of said City of Las Vegas for the application of the regulations included in
the "Uniform Building Code, 1930 Edition, published May, 1930, by Pacific Coast Building
Official's Conference."

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and 
publication as hereinafter authorized and this Ordinance is passed as an emergency ordinance
under the provisions of a Resolution adopted by the Board of City Commissioners on this
4th day of June, 1931.

Section 3. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have Ordinance
published in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a
period of one week, (6 issues).

I hereby verify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a regular
 meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the 4th
day of June, 1931, and passed as an emergency ordinance upon second reading on said last
mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners German, Mundy, Hansell and Thomas and

His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting Aye. Noes None.
Viola Burns

City Clerk.

(City Seal)

Approved this 4th day of June 1931.

E. W. Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas



AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS	

County of Clark)

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher
of the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached

Ordinance No. 169 of the City of Las Vegas was published in said newspaper
for a period of one week, from June 5, 1931 to June 11, 1931 inclusive, being the
issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

June 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 1931

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the above
named dates. That the charge for publishing the same was $50.15.

Signed C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of July 1931.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

	ORDINANCE NO. 170	

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, REGULATING TRAVEL AND TRAFFIC UPON THE
PUBLIC STREETS; ESTABLISHING A CENTRAL TRAFFIC DISTRICT; AND PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE
BREACH OF ANY OF THE RULES OR REGULATIONS REGARDING TRAFFIC IN THIS ORDINANCE PROVIDED,

AND REPEALING ORDINANCES Nos. 66,-68,-69,-86,-90,-94,-120,-124,-125,-127,-141, and 143
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH. 

	THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

ARTICLE 1. DEFINITION.

Section 1. Whenever in this Ordinance the following terms are used, they shall
be deemed and construed to have the meaning ascribed to them in this section:

STREET:	Any place commonly used for the purpose of public travel, excepting

alley ways.

ROADWAY:	That portion of a street between the regularly established curb lines.

INTERSECTIONS:	The area embraced within the prolongation of the property lines

of two or more streets which join at an angle whether or not one such street crosses another.

CROSS WALK:	That portion of the roadway included within the prolongation of

sidewalk lines at street intersections, and such other places as may be designated by boundary
 lines upon the surface of the roadway.

SAFETY ZONE:	That portion of a roadway reserved for the exclusive use of 

pedestrians.

LOADING ZONE:	That portion adjacent to a curb reserved for the exclusive use of

vehicles actually engaged in the loading or unloading of passengers or materials.

VEHICLE:	Any device other than a street car, upon or by which any person or

material may be transported upon a street,

STREET CAR:	Any device travelling exclusively upon rails.

PEDESTRIAN:	Any person afoot.

OPERATOR:	Any person who is in actual physical control of a vehicle or a street

car.

CENTRAL TRAFFIC DISTRICT:	All streets included within that portion of the City

of Las Vegas hereinafter specified shall be in the Central Traffic District, to-wit:

Stewart Street from the East line of Main Street to the East line of Sixth

Street.

Ogden Street from the East line of Main Street to the East line of Fifth Street.
Carson Street from the East line of Main Street to the East line of Fifth Street.
Fremont Street from the East line of Main Street to the East line of Twelfth

Street.

Main Street from the South line of Stewart Street to the South line of Garces

Street.

Fifth Street from the South line of Stewart Street to the South line of Charleston
 Boulevard.
First, Second, Third and Fourth Streets from South line of Stewart Street to
the South line of Clark Street.

BUSINESS DISTRICT:	Any block within which fifty per cent (50%) or more of the

frontage is used for retail or wholesale business purposes; and, when so established by the
Street Superintendent any block immediately adjacent to any such block.

RIGHT OF WAY:	The privilege of immediate use of the street.

PARK:	To stand a vehicle for a period of time greater than is reasonably necessary

 for the actual loading or unloading of persons or material.

TRAFFIC:	The lawful and orderly use of the streets for purposes of travel by

pedestrians, vehicles, and street cars, both singly and together.

ARTICLE II. AUTHORITY OF POLICE.

Section II. Obedience to Police.

Officers of the Police department shall, by voice, hand or other signal, direct
all traffic, and it shall be unlawful for any person to refuse or fail to comply with any
lawful order, signal or other lawful direction of a police officer, and further provided it
shall be unlawful for any person other than officer of the Police Department, or a person
deputized by the Chief of Police to direct, or attempt to direct, the traffic by voice,
hand or other signal.

Section III. SIGNS.

The Street Superintendent shall have the exclusive power and duty to place and
maintain signs for the designation of the provisions of this ordinance, and no provision of
this ordinance for which signs are authorized and required shall be enforceable against an
alleged violator if, at the time of the alleged violation, the signs were missing, effaced,
mutilated or defaced so that an ordinary observant person would not be apprized of or aware
of the existence of such provisions.

Section IV. OBEDIENCE OF TRAFFIC SIGNS.

It shall be unlawful for any person to disobey the instructions of any mechanical
 traffic signal, lettered traffic sign, or paint marks placed upon the surface of the
roadway in accordance with the provisions of this ordinance, or any barrier or sign erected
by any of the public departments or public utilities of the City of Las Vegas, provided the
form of such barrier has been approved by the Street Superintendent.

Section V. TRAFFIC SIGNAL LEGEND.

The following signals for the direction of traffic are hereby authorized:

RED:	When shown in any mechanical traffic signal, except in flashing signals,

requires that traffic shall stop and remain standing.

GREEN:	When shown in any mechanical traffic signal, requires that traffic shall

move and remain in motion, except stopped for the purpose of avoiding an accident, and in

case of other emergency, or when stopped at the command of a police officer.

-

BELLS:	The ringing of a bell in connection with any mechanical traffic signal

shall indicate preparation for a change in the direction of traffic movement. When such bell
is sounded no traffic shall enter an intersection until a green or "go" signal is given.

Section VI. It shall be unlawful for any unauthorized person to erect or display
any device upon or in view of any street, which device is an imitation of an official
traffic sign, or which directs or purports to direct the actions of operators of vehicles
or the movement of traffic, or to wilfully deface, injure, move, or interfere with any
sign placed in compliance with the provisions of this ordinance.

ARTICLE III. PEDESTRIANS.	

Section VII. The use of Sidewalks, Cross-Walks and Safety Zones.

It shall be unlawful for the operator of any vehicle to d rive into a safety zone,
or to drive into any sidewalk or cross-walk area, except at a regular established driveway or
roadway.

Section VIII. PEDESTRIAN RIGHT OF WAY IN CROSS-WALK.

In any cross-walk where traffic is not being directed by a police officer or by
a traffic signal, pedestrians shall have the right of way over vehicles; provided, that any
pedestrian desiring the right of way shall give warning of his intention to cross by raising
the hand, palm out toward approaching traffic. It shall be unlawful for the operator
of any vehicle to drive into such cross-walk until such pedestrian shall have passed in
front of such vehicle.

	Section IX. SCHOOL CROSSINGS.	

The Street Superintendent is hereby authorized to mark and maintain with yellow
paint or metal plates cross-walks approximately fifteen feet in width at intersections in
the vicinity of public schools where in the opinion of said Street Superintendent crossing
the roadway by school children is dangerous. Said Street Superintendent is further authorized
to mark and maintain with a distinguishing color or metal plates upon the pavement or
by signs erected along the curb in a conspicuous manner, the word "School," one hundred
(100) feet distant from each cross-walk established as above provided, and it shall be 
unlawful for the operator of any vehicle or street car to drive into a cross-walk where there 
is displayed a sign with the word "School," when there is in said cross-walk upon the side
of the roadway upon which said vehicle is coming any person engaged or attempting to cross
the street.

Section X. USE OF ROADWAYS.

It shall be unlawful for any person to stand or walk in the roadway other than
in a safety zone or in a cross-walk if such action interferes with the lawful movement of
traffic; provided, that no pedestrian shall cross a roadway other than by a route at right
angles to the curb, or by the shortest route to the opposite curb.
Section XI. STREET SUPERINTENDENT AUTHORIZED TO ESTABLISH CROSS-WALKS.



The Street Superintendent is hereby authorized to establish and maintain, by paint
marks upon the surface of the roadway, or metal plates at the side of said road cross-walks
approximately equal in width to the adjacent sidewalks at all intersections in the Central
Traffic District and in all business districts and in addition may establish cross-walks
fifteen (15) feet in width as near the middle as is practicable, of any block in the City
of Las Vegas.

Section XII. PEDESTRIANS TO OBEY SIGNALS.

At intersections where traffic is directed by police officer or by traffic signal, it
shall be unlawful for any pedestrian to cross the roadway other than with released traffic.

Section XIII. PEDESTRIANS STANDING ON SIDEWALKS.

In the Central Traffic District, or in any business districts, it shall be unlawful
for any pedestrian to stop or stand on the sidewalk, except as near as is physically possible
to the building line or to the curb line.

ARTICLE IV.

Section XIV. TURNING.

It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle to violate or fail to comply with
any of the provisions hereinafter in this section set forth.

(1)	In turning to the left, vehicles shall keep to the right of the intersection
markers and the center of the intersections or of markers placed upon the intersection
boundary lines to be crossed by said vehicle in turning to the left; provided, however,
that in the absence of any such intersection or boundary line marker, the operator of any
vehicle shall pass to the center of the intersection before turning.

(2)	No vehicle shall be turned to the left at any street intersection or into any
alley or driveway, unless said vehicle is at the time in the line of vehicles nearest the
canter of the roadway.

(3) Between the hours of seven A. M. and seven P. M. of any day no vehicle shall be
turned to the left into or out of any alley or driveway in the Central Traffic District or
in any business district or upon any intersection where the Street Superintendent shall have
posted on the approaching side of the roadway a proper signal so directing.

(4)	Between the hours of seven A. M. and seven P. M. of any day no vehicle shall be
turned at any intersection in the Central Traffic District or in any business district in
such manner as to cause the same to proceed in an opposite direction upon the street upon
which said vehicle is travelling at the time of entering said intersection; provided, that
between the hours of seven A. M. and ten P. M. of any day no such vehicle shall be so turned
 at an intersection on Fremont Street from the West line of Main Street to the East line
of Tenth Street.

(5) Right hand turns may be made at any intersection outside the Central Traffic 
District at anytime, regardless of traffic signals, provided, however, that the operator of
vehicles shall not turn such vehicle to the right at any intersection or into any alley or
driveway unless such vehicle is, at the time of turning, in the line of traffic nearest the
curb to the right of said vehicle.

(6)	The Street Superintendent is hereby authorized to mark intersections in the
following manner:	A single marker shall be placed at the intersection of the medial lines

of intersecting streets when said streets intersect at right angles, except those intersections
 which in the opinion of the Street Superintendent shall be marked by placing a
marker on each of the intersecting streets at the intersection of the medial lines of the
roadway and a prolongation of the property lines of the intersecting streets. For streets
which do not intersect at right angles or which can not be marked in either manner above
specified in the opinion of the Street Superintendent he shall mark the same by placing a
marker in each of the intersecting streets at he points which in his opinion shall be most
practicable and safe to the travelling public.

Section XV. DRIVING FROM ALLEYS.

It shall be unlawful for any operator of a vehicle to drive said vehicle out of an
alley or driveway unless such vehicle has been brought to a complete stop immediately prior
to crossing-the sidewalk.

Section XVI. SCATTERING LOAD.



It shall be unlawful to operate any vehicle so loaded or constructed that any part of
its load is dropped upon the roadway.

Section XVII. BOULEVARD RIGHT OF WAY.

Vehicles travelling in a lawful manner upon the following streets shall have the right
of way on that street over vehicles approaching from intersecting streets unless such street
shall have boulevard stops placed therein:

Stewart Street from the East line of Main Street to the East line of Sixth Street.

Main Street from the City Limits on the North to the intersection with Fifth Street
near the South City limits.

Fremont Street from the East line of Main Street to the City limits on the East.

First Street from the South line of Stewart Street to the South line of Garces Street.

Second Street from the South line of Stewart Street to the South line of Garces
Street.

Third Street from the South line of Stewart Street to the South line of Carson Street.

Fourth Street from the South line of Stewart Street to the South line of Lewis Street.

Clark Avenue on west side from the west line of Main Street to the West line of
Eighth Street in Original Townsite of Las Vegas.


Fifth Street from t he South line of Linden Avenue to the City limits on the South.

Upon approaching any of the above-named streets it shall he unlawful for the operator
 of any vehicle to fail to bring said vehicle to a complete stop at the limit line which the
Street Superintendent is hereby authorized to indicate, by sign or mark at the property line
of the above-mentioned street, provided, however, that when the intersection is controlled
by a police officer or by a traffic signal no vehicle shall be stopped as above provided
when a signal to proceed has been given.

	Section XVIII. FOLLOWING FIRE APPARATUS PROHIBITED.	

It shall be unlawful for any vehicle to follow any fire apparatus closer than one
block, or to park any vehicle within a distance of three hundred feet in any direction from
the place where any fire apparatus has stopped in answering a fire alarm or within three
hundred feet in any direction from the place where any such fire is in progress.

Section XIX. RIGHT OF WAY FOR FIRE AND POLICE VEHICLES AND AMBULANCES. STOPS ON
 APPROACH OF FIRE APPARATUS.

(a ) The Officers and Firemen and all vehicles and apparatus of the Fire Department
when going to or returning from a fire, and all ambulances, whether public or private, and
all other vehicles when employed in carrying sick or injured persons to a hospital or other
place for relief or treatment and the officers, patrolmen and vehicles of the Police 
Department, and vehicles carrying United States mails shall have the right of way over all
other persons and vehicles on any street and through any procession.

(b) Upon the approach of apparatus of the Fire Department responding to an alarm,
the driver of any vehicle shall immediately draw up said vehicle as near as practicable to
the right hand curb and bring his vehicle to a stop, and when the fire alarm is sounded the
drivers of all vehicles within hearing of the alarm shall follow the directions given above
and shall remain stationary until the alarm ceases, and then proceed only in the event that
there is no fire apparatus approaching.

SECTION XX. RIGHT OF WAY FOR FUNERAL PROCESSION.

Subject to the provisions of Section XIX funeral processions shall have the right of
way over all other traffic.

	Section XXI. MOTORCYCLES AND BICYCLES.

It shall be unlawful for the operator of any bicycle or motor-cycle to carry any other
 person upon the bar, handle or tank of any such vehicle.

	Section XXII. DRIVING ON SIDEWALKS.

It shall be unlawful for any person to ride or drive, or cause to be ridden or driven,

any horse, or other animal, or to ride, drive, or propel, or cause to be ridden, driven, or

propelled, any wagon, bicycle, motorcycle, auto mobile, or other vehicle, except hand carriages
 for children, upon or along any public sidewalk, or permit any such animal or vehicle
to stand thereon, or to permit any such animal or vehicle to stand upon any public street

in such manner as to obstruct the free use of the roadway of such street, or to ride, drive,

or propel any vehicle over and across any curb where no driveway is regularly	established.

	Section	XXIII. CLINGING TO MOVING VEHICLES.	



It shall be unlawful for any person travelling upon any bicycle, motorcycle, or toy
vehicle to cling to or attach himself or his vehicle, to any other moving vehicle or street
car on any roadway in the City of Las Vegas.

	ARTICLE	V. STOPPING, STANDING AND PARKING.	

	Section	XXIV. STANDING PROHIBITED IN SPECIFIED PLACES.	

Except to avoid conflict with other traffic, or in compliance with the directions of
a. police officer or traffic signal, it shall be unlawful for the operator of a vehicle to
stand said vehicle in the following places:

(l)	In any intersection.

(2)	In any cross-walk.

(3) At any place in the roadway where the two right wheels of the vehicle are more
than one (l) foot distant from the regularly established curb line except on streets where
provision has been made for angle parking as specified in Section XXVIII hereof.

(4)	At any place where the standing of a vehicle will obstruct the use of a driveway.



(5) At any curb within fifteen (15) feet of a fire hydrant.

(6)	Within twenty (20) feet of a point of the curb immediately opposite the 
midblock end of any safety zone.

(7)	At any place within fifteen (15) feet of an intersection in the Central Traffic
District, or in any business district except at designated bus stops, and that the operator 
of no vehicle shall stop in the area designated as a bus stop longer than three minutes.

The Street Superintendent is hereby authorized to paint and maintain a red line
stenciled with white letters "No Standing" upon the top of all curb lengths indicated in
Paragraphs 5, 6, and 7 of his section.

SECTION XXV. STANDING FOR LOADING ONLY IN CERTAIN PLACES.

(a) It shall be unlawful for the operator of a vehicle to stop said vehicle for a
period of time longer than is necessary for the loading or unloading of passengers or 
materials, providing that the loading or unloading of passengers shall not consume more than
three (3) minutes, nor the loading or unloading of materials more than twenty (20) minutes
in the following designated places:

(1)	At any curb where the grade of the street exceeds twelve per cent (12%);

(2) In any alley;

(3) In any "loading zone;"

(4)	At any curb within twenty-five feet of the entrance to any hospital;

At any curb within fifty feet of the entrance to any police station;

(6)	At any curb within fifteen feet of a fire hydrant;

(7)	In any marked bus stop;

(8)	In front of theatres.
(b) The Superintendent of Streets shall determine the location of "loading zones"
and shall mark by appropriate signs or as specifically required herein, those places where
standing for loading only is permitted under this section, subject to the following requirements
and imitations:

Bus stops shall be designated by appropriate signs at those places determined by the
Board of City Commissioners by resolution, except that a bus stop shall not exceed fifty
feet in length, and shall not be placed adjacent to a safety zone at a street car stop;

Every loading zone, also that portion of every curb reserved for loading only by 
paragraphs 4, 5, and 6 of Subdivision (a) of this Section, shall be designated by yellow paint,
or other yellow material, upon the entire curb surface therein with the words "LOADING ONLY"
in black letters thereon.

Within the Central Traffic District, not more than forty (40) feet on each side of
the street in any one block may be set apart as a loading zone.

	Section XXVI. PARKING TIME LIMITED IN CERTAIN PLACES.

Subject to the provisions of Sections twenty-four and twenty-five of this Ordinance
between the hours of seven A. M. and six P. M. of any day, excepting Sundays and Holidays,
it shall be unlawful for the operator of any vehicle to park said vehicle for a period of
 time longer than forty-five minutes upon Fremont Street from the East line of Main Street
to the East line of Sixth Street, or for a period of time longer than one hour upon any
street in the Central Traffic District where the Street Superintendent has designated by

	signs a limit of one hour for parking, and such Street Superintendent is hereby empowered
to make such designation and erect such signs.

It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to park any vehicle on that
portion of any public street within he corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas within
fifteen feet on either side of the center line of the main entrance to any hotel containing
forty or more rooms and having its office on the ground floor of such hotel.

It shall be unlawful for any person to park any vehicle or to leave any vehicle or to
cause any vehicle to be parked or left in front of any sidewalk elevator or chute or within
a space of five feet on either side of such sidewalk elevator or chute in the City of Las
Vegas.

It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to park any vehicle in any
alley in the City of Las Vegas.

The Board of City Commissioners may, by resolution, when it is deemed advisable for
safety or convenience of traffic, designate certain places or districts in the Central
Traffic District in which places or districts it shall be unlawful to park any vehicle, or
to hitch any animals, or leave any animals standing, and the Board of City Commissioners
may, by resolution, when it is deemed advisable for the safety or convenience of traffic,
designate certain streets or portions of streets on which the traffic shall always turn in
one direction, and any violation of said resolution, as in this section provided, shall be
punishable as in this Ordinance hereinafter provided.

Said Board of Commissioners may also, by resolution, when it is deemed advisable,
designate certain space or spaces in the Central Traffic District which shall be reserved
for the parking of municipal automobiles and vehicles of the City of Las Vegas, wherein it
shall be unlawful for any other person to park any other vehicle in said space or spaces.

It shall be unlawful for any person to hitch, or cause or permit to be hitched, any
horse, mule, or other animal, or to leave standing, or cause or permit to be left standing,
any bicycle, motorcycle, buggy, carriage, wagon or other vehicle, or any animal upon any
street within twenty (20) feet of any street intersection corner.

In no case shall any part of any vehicle or part of the load of such vehicle, or
trailer attached to such vehicle parked as provided for in this ordinance, project into the
street more than fifteen (15) feet measured on a line at right angles to the curb.

The Street Superintendent is hereby authorized to erect and maintain signs and 
markers designating the provisions of this section.

	Section XXVIII. MANNER OF PARKING.

It shall be unlawful for the operator of any vehicle to park said vehicle other than
parallel with the curb, except where the Street Superintendent has indicated that angle parking
is permitted by placing of white lines, or markers, upon the surface of the roadway or
by the erection and maintenance of signs designating that angle parking is permitted.

	Section XXIX. PARKING VEHICLES FOR SALE, ETC.

It shall be unlawful for the operator of any vehicle to park on any street in the City
of Las Vegas any vehicle upon which there is a "For Sale" sign, or to park any vehicle upon
any street in the Central Traffic District, or in any business district, from which said
vehicle merchandise is being sold or on which merchandise is placed and advertised for sale,
or on which any article is being repaired, modeled, remodeled or manufactured.

ARTICLE XVI. MISCELLANEOUS REGULATIONS.

Section XXX. CAREFUL RIDING AND DRIVING.

Every person riding, driving, propelling or in charge of any vehicle upon any streets,
shall ride, drive, or propel such vehicle in a careful manner and with due regard to the
safety and convenience of pedestrians and all other vehicles upon such streets, and any
person not so riding, driving or propelling said vehicle, shall be deemed guilty of reckless
driving.

	Section XXXI. DRIVING UNDER SIXTEEN YEARS:



No person owning or in charge of any automobile or motor vehicle shall permit the same
to be driven upon any street or alley in the City of Las Vegas by any person under the age
of sixteen years, and it shall also be unlawful for any person under the age of'sixteen years
to drive any such automobile or motor vehicle on any street or alley of the city.

Section XXXII. ZONE OF QUIET:

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas may, by Resolution, declare 
and designate any street or alley within two hundred (200) feet of a hospital, church,
court house, or sick chamber, a "zone of quiet," and upon and in this zone, when so declared
 and designated, there shall be no ringing of bells, sounding of gongs or whistles, or
unnecessary noises, or itinerant music.

Section XXXIII. INTOXICATED PERSONS:

It shall be unlawful for any person while in an intoxicated condition, or under the
influence of intoxicating liquor to ride or drive any animal or vehicle or to have charge
or control of any animal or vehicle in any public street.

Section XXXIV. SPORTS IN STREETS:

No person shall engage in any sport, amusement, or occupation likely to frighten
horses or embarrass the passage of vehicles upon any street.

Section XXXV. STOPPING IN CASE OF ACCIDENT:

In case of accident or injury to person or property upon any street or alley due to
the operation thereon of any vehicle the person operating, driving or otherwise in control
of the same shall stop, and upon request of the person injured or whose property has 
suffered injury or any other person present, shall give such person his name and address, and
if such person operating, driving, or otherwise in control of such vehicle is not the owner
thereof, also the name and address of the owner of such vehicle.

Section XXXVI. SPEED IN CITY LIMITS.

It shall be unlawful for any person to ride, drive or propel any vehicle at a rate of
speed greater than twenty miles per hour, in, upon or along the public highways, streets,
roads, alleys, lanes, avenues, boulevards, strips, paths or squares within the limits of
the City of Las Vegas, except on streets adjoining school grounds, occupied by a school
building or buildings, where such speed shall be not to exceed twelve miles per hour; 
provided, however, that it shall be unlawful for any person to ride, drive or propel any 
vehicle at a rate of speed greater than fifteen miles per hour on turning a corner from one
street to another in any district, or on going over, upon or across street crossings or
street intersections on any of the streets in the City of Las Vegas, anything to the contrary 
hereinabove contained in this Section notwithstanding.

Section XXXVII. PASSING ANIMALS, ETC.

Every person having control or charge of any motor vehicle upon any public street and
approaching any vehicle drawn by a horse or horses, or any horse upon which any person is
riding, shall operate, manage, and control such motor vehicle in such manner as to exercise
every reasonable precaution to prevent the frightening of any such horse or horses, and to
insure the safety and protection of any person riding or driving the same. And if such horse
or horses appear frightened, the person in control of such motor vehicle shall reduce its
speed, and if requested by a signal or otherwise by the driver or rider of such horse or
horses, shall not proceed further toward such animal or animals unless such movement be 
necessary to avoid accident or injury, or until such animal or animals appear to be under the
control of the driver or rider.

Section XXXVIII. BELLS, HORNS AND GONGS:

It shall be unlawful for any person to ride, drive, or propel any bicycle, tricycle,
veolcipede, motorcycle, automobile, or other riding machine or horseless vehicle within the
limits of the City of Las Vegas without having attached to such bicycle or other riding ma-
chine or horseless vehicle a bell, gong or horn, in good working order, and sufficient to
give warning of such vehicle to pedestrians and to riders or drivers of other vehicles.

Such bell, gong or horn shall be of such size only as may be necessary to give such warnings
Every person operating a motor vehicle shall sound said bell, horn, gong, whistle or other
device, whenever necessary, as a warning of danger, but not at other times or for any other
purposes.

	Section XXXIX. LOUD NOISES AND SIRENS:

It shall be unlawful for any person operating vehicles described in Section XXXVIII
of this ordinance to use thereon, while travelling through the streets, any instrument for
the purpose of giving warning, which shall produce a sound of unusually loud or distressing
character or such that will end to frighten pedestrians or animals, it being the intention
of his section to prohibit the use of so-called "sirens" or similar instruments for the purpose
 of producing unusually loud, annoying or distressing sounds. Upon the failure of any
person to remove any siren or similar horn from his vehicle, upon being ordered to do so,
the police may cause the same to be removed and may prohibit said vehicle being driven on
any of the streets of the City of Las Vegas until the said siren or horn has been removed.

	Section XL. LIGHTS ON MOVING MOTOR VEHICLES:

All motor vehicles in use on public streets in the City of Las Vegas, excepting motorcycles,
 motor bicycles and such motor vehicles, as may be properly equipped with one light,
in forward center of such motor vehicle, shall during the period of one hour after sunset to
one hour before sunrise and whenever the atmospheric conditions so require, display two or
more white or tinted lights other than red, on the forward part of said vehicle, so placed
as to be seen from the front, and of sufficient illuminating power a s to be visible at a
distance of Five Hundred (500) feet in the direction in which displayed, and to reveal any
person, vehicle or substantial object clearly seventy-five (75) feet ahead of the lamps, and
so be quipped that said headlights do not cause a blinding light or a beam of light over forty-
two (42) inches from the level surface on which the vehicle stands under all conditions of
load, provided, however, that if any auxiliary lights are carried in addition to regular
headlights, and the rear lamp, such additional light or lights shall be subject to all restrictions
 of this section regarding the direction of the beam, and it shall be unlawful for
any person to direct the rays of any spotlight or other light towards the eyes of the driver
 or occupants of any approaching vehicle, or to the left of the center of the traveled
way when meeting another vehicle, and it shall also be unlawful for any person to operate a
motor vehicle on any of the streets of this city equipped with an electrical bulb or any
other lighting device of a greater capacity than twenty-one (21) candle power no matter how
the same may be shaded, covered or secured, and it shall also be unlawful for any person to
turn all or any of his motor vehicle lights off, for the purpose of avoiding arrest or
identification. All motor vehicles mentioned herein shall in addition to the lights heretofore
 mentioned display on the rear of said vehicle a lamp so constructed and placed as to
show a red light from the rear at least two hundred (200) feet distant from said vehicle,
and so placed that the number on the rear of such motor vehicle shall be illuminated by a white;
light in such a manner that such number can be distinguished under normal atmospheric 
conditions at a distance of not less than fifty feet in the reverse direction to which such
vehicle is proceeding.

	Section XLI. LIGHTS ON MOVING MOTORCYCLES AND MOTOR TRUCKS.

Every motorcycle, motor bicycle and motor truck, while in use on the streets of the
city shall carry during the period of from one hour after sunset to one hour before sunrise,
and at all other times whenever atmospheric conditions so require, at least one white light

 in the front of said vehicle, and said light shall give a light of sufficient power and
so distributed as is provided in Section XL of this Ordinance, and shall also carry at the
rear of said vehicle a red light such as is required on other motor vehicles as is provided
in Section XL of this Ordinance. It shall be unlawful for any person to equip any vehicle
mentioned in Sections XL and XLI of this Ordinance with any light of over four (4) candle
power, unless the same is equipped or designed or so arranged that no rays of light shall
be projected upward or above the level of the headlight center.

Section XLII. OVERHANGING LOADS:	In any case where a motor or other vehicle shall

be loaded with any material in such a manner that any portion of such load extends towards
the rear four feet or more beyond the rear of the bed or body of such vehicle, there shall
be displayed at the extreme end of t he load at the times said under conditions in this section
 hereinbefore specified, in addition to the ordinary rear or tail light hereinbefore
required to be displayed on such vehicle, a red light plainly visible under normal atmospheric
 conditions at least 200 feet from the rear; provided, further that at other times
while such vehicle is upon the street a red flag or cloth not less than 16 inches in length
nor less than 16 inches in width shall be displayed at the extreme rear end of said load as
a warning signal to persons operating vehicles approaching from the rear.

Section XLIII. LIGHTS ON STANDING MOTOR VEHICLES:

Motor vehicles that shall be left standing in any street during the period from an
hour after sunset to a half hour before sunrise, and at all other times when atmospheric
conditions render the operation of vehicles unusually dangerous to the traffic and the use
of the streets, shall have attached thereto, in a conspicuous place on each end thereof, a
light of sufficient candle power to be clearly visible for a distance of 100 feet, provided
 that no lights shall be required on said motor vehicle when the same is parked as hereinbefore
 provided and at the times hereinbefore permitted.

	Section XLIV. LIGHTS ON HORSE DRAWN VEHICLES:	All vehicles other than motor vehicles

during the period between one hour after sunset and a half hour before sunrise, and at all
other times when atmospheric conditions render the operation of vehicles dangerous, shall
carry at least one red light or lantern so arranged that said red light or lantern shall be
visible from both front and rear a distance of not less than 200 feet from said vehicle.

Section XLV. EMISSIONS OF SMOKE, STEAM, ETC.:

It shall be unlawful for any person operating a self-propelled vehicle upon the
streets to permit the motors of the same to operate in such a manner as to visibly emit an
unduly great amount of steam, smoke or other products of combustion from exhaust pipes or
other pipes or openings.

Section XLVI. MUFFLERS ON MOTOR VEHICLES:	It shall be unlawful for any person to

ride, drive, or propel, or cause or permit to be ridden, d riven, or propelled, any motor
vehicle in, upon or along any street, or to operate or cause or permit to be operated the
motor in any such vehicle in any street or other public place if such motor vehicle or the
motor in such vehicle is not provided with a good and sufficient muffler properly attached
thereto or if the exhaust from the motor of such vehicle is ejected otherwise than through
such muffler, or if such exhaust is ejected toward the surface of the street or ground.

Section XLVII. LOUD NOISES FROM MUFFLERS:

It shall be unlawful for any person operating a self-propelled vehicle upon the streets
to permit the pipes, mufflers or other devices to emit the sounds of exhaust in a loud and
annoying manner; it being the intention of this section to compel the operation of such self-
propelled vehicles in as noiseless a manner as possible.

	Section XLVIII. MACHINERY IN MOTION OF MOTOR VEHICLES AT A STANDSTILL:

It shall be unlawful for any person to leave unattended upon any public street, alley,
or other public place any automobile or other motor vehicle while any part of its machinery
is running or in motion.

	Section XLIX. DRIP PANS:

Every motor vehicle or any machinery or apparatus using electricity, gasoline or any
product of petroleum for its motor power shall have attached thereto a suitable device, or
devices, for the purpose of preventing deposits from leakings or drippings being made upon
the pavements or public street.

Section L. DRAINING OF GASOLINE:	

It shall be unlawful for any person operating any automobile or any machinery or
apparatus using electricity, gasoline, or other product of petroleum for its motor power,
to drain from the crank or gear case, or from any other part of said machinery, upon any
street.
Section LI. WASHING OR REPAIRING ON STREETS:

It shall be unlawful for any person to wash any motor vehicle with water upon any
public street, or to construct, or cause to be repaired any vehicle, or any part of any
vehicle upon any street, except temporary repairs in case of accident, and then only after
parking as in this ordinance provided.

Section LII. BRAKES:

No person shall ride, drive, or propel or cause or permit to be ridden, driven, or

propelled, any motor vehicle upon or along any street in this city, unless the same shall be

equipped with a good and sufficient brake or set of brakes which shall be of sufficient

power when applied to bring such vehicle when running at a speed of twelve miles per hour,

to a s top within ten feet from the point where such brake is applied.



Section LIII. POLICE TO INSPECT LIGHTS AND BRAKES:

It shall be lawful for the police officers of the city to inspect or cause to be inspected
	at any time the lights or brakes of any vehicle and to prohibit the driving on the

public streets of any vehicle having defective lights or brakes and to cause the arrest of
any person so driving or in charge of said vehicle who has failed to equip his said vehicle
with proper lights or brakes.

Section LIV. KEEPING VEHICLES CLOSE TO THE CURB:

Every person riding, riving, propelling, or in charge of any vehicle moving slowly
upon any street shall keep such vehicle as close as possible to the curb on the right,
allowing more swiftly moving vehicles free passage on the left.

Section LV. SIDE TO CURB:

No person riding, driving, propelling or in charge of any vehicle shall stop the same

upon any street or alley of the City of Las Vegas with the left side of such vehicle toward

or along the curb.

Section LVI. BACKING TO CURB:

No vehicle shall stand backed up to the curb except when actually loading or unloading,

 and if said vehicle is horse-drawn and has four wheels the horse or horses must stand
as nearly parallel to the curb as is possible and face the direction of the traffic, but no
vehicle shall stand backed up if it interferes with or interrupts the passage of other
vehicles or street cars.

Section LVII. REMOVAL OF CARS:

It shall be unlawful for any person in charge of any vehicle standing on any street
in the City of Las Vegas, to fail, refuse, or neglect to move such vehicle when requested
so to do by any police officer, and in he event the person in charge can not be found, the
officer may remove such vehicle to a safe place and notify said person in charge. The
owner or person in charge of such vehicle shall not be entitled to the return of said 
vehicle until he shall have paid to such police officer, or to the Chief of Police, for the use
and benefit of said City, the reasonable costs and charges of such removal including the
storage and/or guarding of such vehicle.

Section LVIII. VEHICLES TURN TO RIGHT:

Every person riding, driving, propelling or in charge of any vehicle, upon meeting any
other, vehicle at any place upon any street, shall turn to the right, and on all occasions
when it is practicable so to do shall travel on the right side of such street and near the
right hand curb thereof, excepting when the right hand side of the street is obstructed by
teams, buildings or other material, or when the street is closed for repairs; in such cases
the travel shall be as far away from the left-hand curb as possible, so as to allow other
vehicles to freely pass.

Section LIX. PASSING TO THE LEFT:

Every person riding, driving, propelling or in charge of any vehicle upon any street
shall, on overtaking any other vehicle, pass to the left of such vehicle, and the person in
charge of such vehicle being so overtaken and passed, shall give way to the extreme right,
to allow such vehicle to pass with safety.

Section LX. SIGNAL ON CHANGING COURSE:	Every person riding, driving, propelling

 or in charge of any vehicle upon any street shall before turning, stopping, or changing
the course of such vehicle, first see that here is sufficient space so that such movement
can be made in safety, and shall then give a plainly visible signal to the persons in
charge of vehicles behind the vehicle so turning, stopping, changing its course, or turning,
from a standstill, of his intention to make such movement, when said vehicle so turning,
stopping or changing its course may turn and shall have the right of way over vehicles in
the rear.

The signals above mentioned shall be given in the following manner, to-wit:

1.	Arm straight out - turning in direction pointed to.

2.	Arm pointed upwards - turning in the opposite direction.

3.	Arm pointed downward - stopping or suddenly checking speed.



If it is closed vehicle, the signals must be given by a proper signalling device
indicating the same signals as those required by hand.

Section LXI. APPROACHING INTERSECTIONS:

All vehicles approaching an intersection of a public street, with the intention of
turning thereat shall in turning to the right keep to the right of the center of such 
intersection, and in turning to the left shall run beyond the center of such intersection,
passing to the right thereof, before turning such vehicle toward the left.
Section LXII. RIGHT OF WAY IN TURNING CORNERS TO RIGHT:

Every person riding, driving, propelling, or in charge of any vehicle turning to the
right from one street into another, shall have the right of way over vehicle traveling in
the direction in which such vehicle is turning; and every person riding, driving, propelling,
or in charge of any vehicle traveling in the direction in which such vehicle is turning
shall allow such right of way to such vehicle so turning.

Section LXIII. TURNING CORNERS TO LEFT:

Every person riding, driving, propelling or in charge of any vehicle in or upon any
street shall, in turning to the left into another street, pass to the right of and beyond
the center of the street intersection before turning,

Section LXIV. RIGHT OF WAY IN TURNING CORNERS TO LEFT:

Every person riding, driving, propelling or in charge of any vehicle intending to turn
to the left from one street into another, shall allow the right of way to vehicles traveling
in the direction in which such vehicle is to turn, unless said vehicle has commenced to make
the turn, and in that event, the said vehicle making the turn to the left shall have the
right of way over the vehicle approaching from the right.

Section LXV. RIGHT OF WAY AT CORNERS:

- -

	The operators of vehicles approaching any intersection of the streets within the City

of Las Vegas shall yield the right of way to vehicles approaching such intersection from the
right of such first named vehicles, but in the event either vehicle has entered the intersection,
 said vehicle shall have he right of way, provided that when there is a traffic
officer at the intersection, he shall have full power to regulate traffic; for the purpose
of this ordinance curb lines shall mark the boundary of street intersections in the absence
of other markers authorized in this Ordinance.

Section LXVI. CHANGING FROM SIDE TO SIDE OF STREET:

No person driving, riding, propelling or in charge of any vehicle proceeding correctly
along the right side of any street shall crossover to the left side in the center or middle
of a block, but shall, except when and where U turns are prohibited in subdivision 4 of
Section XIV, proceed to the nearest street intersection and make a complete turn, keeping
at all times to the right side of the street in the channel of traffic; provided, however,
that under the meaning and intent of this section an alley shall not be construed to be a
street.

Section LXVII. BACKING OF VEHICLES:

It shall be unlawful for any person to ride, drive or propel, or cause to be ridden,
driven or propelled in, upon, or along any street any vehicle in the backward direction,
if by so doing the free and uninterrupted passage of another vehicle or of any street car is
impeded, and in no event shall a person drive a vehicle backward across a street intersection.

Section LXVIII. WARNING ON BACKING:

Before backing, ample warning shall be given by blowing the horn of said vehicle, and
while backing unceasing vigilance shall be exercised so as not to injure of damage those
behind, and in all events the approaching cars shall have the right of way.

Section LXIX. FOLLOWING OTHER VEHICLES AND SLOWLY MOVING VEHICLES:

It shall be unlawful for any person riding, driving, or propelling, or causing, or
permitting to be ridden, driven or propelled, any vehicle to travel so closely in the wake
of any other vehicle in such manner as to be dangerous, or to travel so closely in the wake
of any such vehicle as not to give the preceding vehicle ample room in which to stop or turn
out in case the next preceding vehicle comes to a sudden stop.

Section LXX. VEHICLES NOT TO TRAVEL SIDE BY SIDE:

No person shall drive or permit to be driven or ridden any vehicle by the side of another
 vehicle in any street of this city longer than is necessary to pass such other vehicle,
and in no event shall one vehicle pass another at a street intersection.

Section LXXI. PASSING PRECEDING VEHICLES:

No person riding, driving, propelling or in charge of any vehicle shall pass any 
preceding vehicle while the driver of such preceding vehicle is himself engaged in the act of
passing another vehicle, and in passing any vehicle shall pass to the left thereof and not
pull over to the right until entirely clear of the vehicle passed.

Section LXXII. THROWING TACKS, ETC., LIABLE TO INJURE TIRES:

It shall be unlawful for any person to throw, deposit, or place in or upon any public
street any nails, tacks, crockery, scrap iron, tin, wire, bottles, glass, thorns, thorny
clippings, or thorny branches of trees or bushes, or any other articles or thing likely to
puncture the tire of any vehicle.

Section LXXIII. DRIVING ON NEW PAVEMENTS PROHIBITED:

No person shall ride or d rive any horse or vehicle over or across any pavement newly
laid or repaired across or around which there has been placed a barrier, or at or near which
there is a person or a sign warning persons against riding or driving over such pavement, or
a sign stating that the highway is closed. The provisions of this section shall not apply
to the employees actually engaged in the paving or repair of such pavement.

Section LXXIV. CROSSING FIRE HOSE.

No street car or vehicle shall be driven over unprotected hose of the Fire Department
when laid down on any street, private driveway or street car track, to be used at any fire
or alarm of fire, without the consent of the Fire Chief or the Assistant in command.
Section LXXV. ROLLER SKATING:

It shall be unlawful for any person to use roller skates on or to travel by means of
roller skates on any street in the City of Las Vegas, or on sidewalks in the Central Traffic
District.

Section LXXVI. MUST DISPLAY LICENSE NUMBER:

It shall he unlawful for any person to drive or operate any motor vehicle on a public
street or alley in he City of Las Vegas without displaying a license number or plate thereon,
 as provided by the Laws of the State of Nevada.

Section LXXVII. POSSESSION OPERATOR'S OR CHAUFFEUR'S LICENSE.

It shall be unlawful for any person to drive or operate any motor vehicle on a public
street or alley in the City of Las Vegas, whether as an operator or chauffeur, unless such
person has been licensed as an operator or chauffeur as provided by the laws of the State of
Nevada and such license has not been revoked and shall have such license in his immediate
possession at all times when driving as aforesaid, and shall display the sane upon the demand
 of any policeman of the City of Las Vegas.

Section LXXVIII. FIREWORKS, ETC. ON STREETS.

It shall be unlawful for any person or persons upon any day of celebration, carnival,
holiday or upon any other day or time, to throw, discharge or cause to be thrown or discharged
 upon any street or on, in or under any vehicle upon any street, or upon any sidewalk,
 within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, any bomb, firecracker, or other character
of fireworks, flour, sand or any other substance or material whatever.

Section LXXIX. SWEEPING DIRT, ETC., FROM BUILDING.

It shall be unlawful for any person to sweep dust, dirt, accumulations, refuse or deposits
 from any building onto or upon any public sidewalks in the City of Las Vegas, but
the same at the time of sweeping shall be gathered up and deposited into some suitable 
receptacle approved by the Street Superintendent.

Section LXXX. SWEEPING DIRT, ETC., ONTO STREET.

It shall be unlawful for any person to sweep dust, dirt, accumulations, refuse or 
deposits of any public sidewalk onto, in or upon any street or gutter of any street within
the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas.

Section LXXXI. FIRES ON STREETS AND ALLEYS.

It shall be unlawful for any person to kindle or use any fire or to make a bonfire 
upon any public street, alley or public ground within the City of Las Vegas.

Section LXXXII. WATER RUNNING ONTO STREET.

(a) No person, firm, company, association or corporation owning or controlling any
hose, water pipe, ditch, lawn sprinkling system, canal, flume or waterway or through or
from either or from any other source shall allow or permit water from the same or any part
thereof to flow over or into any sidewalk, street, alley, or public place; provided that
nothing herein shall be so construed as to prevent the wetting of any sidewalk, alley, street
or public place for the purpose of cleaning the same or allaying the dust thereon, nor the
accidental breaking of any such hose, water pipe, ditch or flume, provided such break be
repaired or the flow of water through the same be abated within two hours after personal
notice of such break be given the person, manager, superintendent, agent or officer of any
company, corporation or association owning, controlling or maintaining the same or having
any pecuniary interest therein. If such break be not repaired or the water turned off within
said time, it shall be the duty of the Street Superintendent or any policeman to cause
the water flowing through such hose, water pipe, ditch, anal, flume, lawn sprinkling system,
 or waterway to be shut off, and it shall be unlawful for any person to again turn such
water through the same until proper repairs have been made.



(b) Any person who shall at any time sprinkle, pour, throw, drain, pump or place, or
cause to be sprinkled, poured, thrown, drained, pumped or placed, any filthy or offensive
water, fluid, liquid matter or thing, in or upon any street, ditch, lane, court, square,
alley or vacant lot within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas shall be guilty of
a misdemeanor and punished as hereinafter in this ordinance provided.

Section LXXXIII. OBSTRUCTIONS OF STREETS, ETC.

	It shall be unlawful for any person, persons, firm, company, or corporation, to occupy

 any part or portion of any street, alley, sidewalk, sidewalk space, court, public park
 or grounds, within the City of Las Vegas, for the purpose of keeping or maintaining any
newspaper stand, bootblack stand, drinking stand, popcorn stand, weighing machine, automatic
 vending machine, sandwich wagon or any stand for the sale of notions or any other article
of goods, wares or merchandise, or any similar obstruction. 

Section LXXXIV. PUBLIC MEETINGS ON STREETS.

It shall be unlawful for any person or persons, firm, company, or corporation to hold,
conduct, or address any assemblage, meeting, or gathering of persons, or to make or deliver
any public speech, sermon, lecture, or discussion, or to conduct or take part in any public
debate or discussion in or upon any of the public streets, alleys, sidewalks, or public plates
of the City of Las Vegas, without a special permit therefor having first been given by the
Board of City Commissioners.

Section LXXXV. ADVERTISING ENTERTAINMENTS, ETC.	

It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, company, or corporation to advertise or
cause or permit to be advertised upon or from any vehicle moving or at rest upon any of the
public street, alleys or public grounds of the City of Las Vegas, any dance, show, picnic,
barbecue, entertainment, resort, club, contest or sale by music, noise, speeches, oratory
or oral announcement made from or on any such vehicle by the human voice, by radio or by
phonograph, without a special permit therefor having first been given by the Board of City
Commissioners, and an issuance of a license to such person, firm, company, or corporation
shall not be deemed to be such permit.
Section LXXXVI. UNSECURED ANIMALS ON STREETS:

It shall he unlawful for any person having charge, custody, or control of any horse,
mule, pony, donkey or burro, to leave such animal, or cause or permit the same to be left
unattended and unsecured in any public street or alley. Any horse, mule, pony, donkey, or
burro left unattended in any public street or alley shall be deemed to be unsecured within
the meaning of this Ordinance unless it shall be securely tied or hitched by a chain, strap,
or rope fastened to its neck, bridle or halter and to a post or other permanent fastening,
or by a chain, strap, or rope fastened to its bridle or halter and to a weight of not less
twenty (20) pounds resting upon the ground or in the case of one or two horses or mules
harnessed to wagon having a brake, by tightly setting the brake on such wagon, backing the
horse, mule or team so that the traces shall be loose, pulling the lines taut and securely
fastening them to the wagon in such manner that the wagon can be drawn only by means of the
lines or chain fastened to the body of the vehicle and passing through wheel or stake in
hind wheel of truck.

Section LXXXVII. BREAKING OF ANIMALS:

It shall be unlawful for any person to drive upon the streets any unduly dangerous or
partially "broken" animal; or to use the said streets for the purpose of "breaking" animals;
it being the intention of this section to define the words "broken" and "breaking" as the
act of accustoming animals to a saddle or harness for the purpose of subjection.

Section LXXXVIII. ANIMALS WITHOUT BIT AND BRIDLE:

It shall be unlawful for any person to leave, or cause to be left, any horse, mule,
pony, donkey or burro in or upon any public street or alley unless there shall be in the
mouth of such animal a bit attached to a bridle halter, which bridle halter shall be securely
 fastened on the head of such animal.

Section LXXXIX. HITCHING TO TREES:

No horse shall be hitched on any street in the City of Las Vegas to any shade or
ornamental tree or electrolier or in such a manner that any damage may be done to any such
tree, or electrolier, or to any grass plot, or other improvements located in the space between
 the curb and sidewalk.

Section LXXXX. FEEDING UNHITCHED ANIMALS:

It shall be unlawful for any person to feed or cause to be fed, any horse, mule, pony,

donkey, burrow or other animal upon any street or alley unless such horse, mule, pony,

donkey, burro or other animal shall be securely tied or hitched by a chain, strap or rope
fastened to its neck, bridle or halter and to a post or other permanent fastening, or by
a chain fastened to the body of a vehicle and passed through wheels or stake in hind wheel
of t ruck.

Section LXXXXI. FEEDING EXCEPT WITH NOSEBAG:

It shall be unlawful for any person to feed or cause to be fed, any horse, mule, pony,

donkey, burro, or other animal upon any street or alley except by means of a nose bag 

fastened upon the head of such animal.

Section LXXXXII. REPORTING OF ACCIDENTS AND INJURIES BY PHYSICIANS AND HOSPITALS:

(a) It shall be the duty of every physician and of the manager or person in charge
of any hospital and of any other person in the City of Las Vegas who has knowledge of any
accident or injury occurring to any person in said City, to report the same to the Chief of
Police of said City immediately upon receiving said knowledge.

(b) Any physician attending or called upon to attend any person who has been injured
accidently or otherwise, or who attends such person, and every manager or person in charge
of any hospital to which any person who is injured maybe taken for treatment, and any other
 person in tie City of Las Vegas who may have knowledge of any injury to any person in
said City, shall immediately report the same to the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas,
and upon failure so to do will be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished as provided
in this Ordinance.

(c)	It shall be the duty of all hospitals in the City of Las Vegas to keep a complete
record of all persons received at said hospitals who maybe suffering from any injury.

Section LXXXXIII.

It shall be unlawful for any person in charge or control either as engineer, conductor,
 brake man, or otherwise, of any engine, car, train of cars, or any part of a train of
cars on any railroad operated within or passing through the City of Las Vegas, to cause or
allow such engine, car, train of cars, or part of a train of cars to stand or remain on or
across any street crossing within said city, or so much of the way across any street crossing
 within said city, as to hinder or obstruct travel on or over any street, at or during
any time except when making up a train or stopping a train at a station, and then only for
a period of time not exceeding five minutes, and in no case shall any engine, train, portion
 of a train, or any railroad car obstruct any street for a longer period than five minutes;
 providing, that this section shall not apply to any passenger train running through
said city; provided, however, that at no time shall more than two railroad crossings within
the City of Las Vegas on any one line of railroad, be blocked.

Section LXXXXIV. PENALTY:

	Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed guilty

of a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not less than three dollars nor to 
exceed Three Hundred Dollars ($300), or by imprisonment in the city jail not to exceed three
(3) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment, and in default of the payment of any
fine, or any part thereof, may be imprisoned in the city jail of the City of Las Vegas, one
day for each two dollars of said fine remaining unpaid.
Section LXXXXV. RELEASE ON PROMISE:

(a)	In case of any person being arrested without warrant for violation of the 
provisions of any section of this Ordinance, unless such person shall demand that he be taken
forthwith before the Municipal Judge, the arresting officer may take the name and address
of such person, and the number of his motor vehicle and number of his license, if any, and
notify him in writing to appear before the Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas, at a
time and place to be specified in such writing within three days subsequent to the date of
such notice, and upon the promise in writing of such person to appear at such time and place,
such officer may, forthwith, release him from custody. Any person wilfully failing such
promise shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, regardless of the disposition of the charge upon
which he was originally arrested.

(b)	Any policeman or peace officer within said City of Las Vegas, viewing a violation
 of the provisions of any section of this Ordinance, may, instead of making an immediate
arrest of the offender, require by written notice as aforesaid the person so offending to
appear before the Municipal Judge at the Municipal Court in said City, to answer such charge
as may be placed against him, at a time to be designated in such notice - within three days
subsequent to the time such officer views such violation, such notice to the offender may

be given by attaching to the vehicle used in connection with the offense, in a conspicuous
place thereon or therein, a ticket or tag in such form as may be prescribed by the Chief of
Police of said City, the same to contain among other things the license number, if any, of
the vehicle, or a brief description of the same, a brief characterization of the alleged
offence, and a direction to the party so offending, if his name be known, and if his name be
not known, then to be addressed to the owner, agent of owner, or person in charge of such
vehicle, directing him to appear before such Municipal Judge at the Municipal Court Room at
a time to be fixed in such ticket or tag, but not later than three days from the date of
such ticket or tag. It shall thereupon be the duty of the person designated in such notice,
ticket or tag to appear before said Municipal Judge in conformity with the requirements of
such notice.

Upon the failure of the person designated in such notice to so appear before such
Municipal Judge immediate arrest shall be made of such offender as by law provided, and any
such person wilfully failing to appear without arrest before said Municipal Judge shall be
guilty of a middemeanor, regardless of the disposition of the charge upon which he was 
originally noticed to appear before said Municipal Judge. The police or peace officer giving
 such notice, ticket or tag shall keep a duplicate of the same. It shall be unlawful
for any person other than the person to whom it is addressed to amove such ticket or tag
from such vehicle, or for any person to destroy the same prior to the appearance of the
party designated herein before such Municipal Judge in obedience to the requirement of such
ticket or tag.

Section LXXXXVI. EXCEPTIONS:

Notwithstanding any other section of this ordinance the provisions of this ordinance
shall not apply to emergency vehicles of the police department or fire department of the
City of Las Vegas, nor to any other vehicle actually engaged in the performance of emergency
duties necessary to be performed by said public departments.

Officers of the city police department are hereby authorized to direct all traffic in
accordance with the provisions of the traffic ordinances of the City of Las Vegas, except
in times of emergency, at which times such officers may direct the traffic as public safety
or public convenience may require.

Section LXXXXVII. CONSTITUTIONALITY.

If any section, subsection, sentence, clause or phrase of this Ordinance is for any
reason held to be unconstitutional or invalid, such decision shall not affect the remaining
 portion of this Ordinance. The Board of City Commissioners hereby declare that it
would have passed his Ordinance and each section and subsection thereof irrespective of the
fact that any one or more of the sections, subsections, sentences, clauses or phrases be
declared unconstitutional or invalid.

Section LXXXXVIII. BREACH OF ORDINANCE.

Every breach of this Ordinance or any of its terms, conditions, provisions, requirements,
 restrictions, or limitations as the same are herein established, created, declared, to
be shall be a separate breach thereof.

Section LXXXXIX. REPEALS:

	That Ordinances Nos. 66, -68, -69, -86, -90, -94, -120, -124, -125,-137, -141, and 143 of the

City of Las Vegas, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances of the City of Las Vegas, in
conflict herewith are hereby expressly repealed. Provided, however, that any sections repealed
 shall not prevent the prosecution and punishment of any person, firm or corporation
for any act done or committed in violation of any ordinance which may be repealed by this
ordinance prior to the taking effect of this ordinance, and shall not prevent any prosecution
 or action pending in any Court for the violation of any ordinance repealed by this
Ordinance.

Section C. TAKING EFFECT:

This ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication as
hereinafter authorized.

The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance published in
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for
a period of one week (six issues).

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was introduced and read for the first
time at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the l8th day of June, 1931, and was read for the second time and passed at a regular
 meeting of said Board of City Commissioners held on the 6th day of July, 1931, on the

following vote:

	

Commissioners Mundy, German, 	Hansell, and His Honor,	the Mayor,	voting	aye.	Noes,	none.
Mary Taylor

Deputy City Clerk.

(City Seal)

Approved this 6th day of July, 1931.

	E. W. Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE 0F NEVADA	) SS

County of Clark	)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foremen of
the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation,
printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one week,
every day from July 8, 1931 to July 14, 1931 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
 for the following dates, to-wit: July 8-9-10-11-13-14, 1931.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day of August, 1931.

A. E. Cahlan.

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires 1/12/35.

ORDINANCE NO. 171.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading
 for and surfacing with road mixed oil gravelled surface and constructing hydraulic
cement concrete curb and gutter (Combined) on certain streets and portions of streets
in said City; describing definitely the location of said improvements; providing that
the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessment upon all the
lots included in the special assessment district, hereby established, according to
benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions there
of are required to be paid from the general fund of said City of Las Vegas, and other
matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has determined 
mined to make the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, said improvements to
be made in accordance with plats, diagrams and estimates of cost on file in the office
of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:



To grade for and surface with road mixed oiled gravel surface and to construct
hydraulic cement concrete curb and gutter (combined) upon the following streets and
portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas as follows: A ten foot strip of surfacing

 to be placed on each of the thirty foot Federal Aid Strip thereon.

Fremont Street from the westerly side of Eighth Street to the westerly side
of Twelfth Street.

Section 2. That the cost and expense of making such improvements, as described
 in Section 1 of this Ordinance, shall be paid by special assessment to be made
according to benefits upon the taxable lots and premises situate in the special assessment
 district, hereby created, composed of the following lands, to-wit:

In Buck's Subdivision.

Lots 1 to 4 inclusive, and 13 to 16 inclusive, Block 14; lots 5 to 8 inclusive,
 and 9 to 12 inclusive, in Block 15 and 20; lots 1 to 4 inclusive, and 7, 8 and
the North 100 feet of Lot 6 in Block 21; lots 2 to 5 inclusive, and Lot H in Block
22; lots F. and G.

In Pioneer Heights Addition.

Lots 23 and 24 in Block 3; lots 1 to 7 inclusive, 17 to 24 inclusive in

Block 2.
In Fairview Tract.

Lot 5, and lots 13 to 16 inclusive in Block 1; lots 13 to 16 inclusive,

Block 2.

In Ladd Addition.

Lot A; lots 1 to 6 inclusive, Block 1; the northerly 200 feet of Block 2.

except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, certain portions thereof	

are required to he paid from the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas shall hereafter,
 by ordinance, be empowered and authorized and directed to prepare a special
assessment roll which shall include the lots and premises and owners, as provided
for in the City Charter of the City of Las Vegas. After said special assessment
roll as herein provided for, shall have been prepared and submitted, it shall be
reported to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and thereafter, it 
shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk and numbered, and notice thereof
shall be given to all persons interested, of the time when said Board of City Commissioners
 and Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessment, at 
which time the said Board of City Commissioners shall hear any and all suggestions
and objections that may be filed against said assessment, and shall at that, or some
adjourned meeting, correct the same of confirm it as reported or corrected, or
they may refer it back to the Ex-Officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it
and direct a new assessment, and proceed as in the City Charter directed, until
the same shall be confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners; when said assessment
roll has been confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners, the City Clerk shall make
an endorsement upon the said assessment roll showing the date of confirmation as
provided in the Charter and shall thereupon deliver said roll, as confirmed by the
Board of City Commissioners with his certificate of such confirmation and of the date
thereof, to the County Assessor, acting ex-officio City Assessor, and said ex-officio
City Assessor shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record the said assessment
roll as in the Charter provided, and append thereto his certificate of the date of
such recording. Whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice
of the contents of the same and when said roll is so endorsed and recorded, it
shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all
proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of said assessments
and assessment roll, by the Board of City Commissioners; after the said special assessment
 roll, by the Board of City Commissioners; after the said special assessment roll
has been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts levied thereon, shall be due
and payable and shall constitute and be a lien upon the respective lots and parcels
of land and improvements assessed, and shall be charged against the pe sons and
properties until paid.

Section 4. That as soon as the said special assessment roll, as provided
for in Section 3 of this Ordinance, shall have been confirmed and recorded, the
several amounts contained therein and levied on and against the properties therein,
shall be due and a payable at once, and shall be paid to the County Treasurer and ex-
officio Tax Receiver of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, ex-officio Treasurer
and Tax Receiver of the City of Las Vegas, and be by that officer paid into and
credited to the Special Fund to be known as and called "Las Vegas 1931 Eighth to
Twelfth Street Fund," and all costs and expenses incurred in making said improvements, 
as in this Ordinance contained, shall be charged to and paid out of said fund.
Provided, however, that in the event it becomes necessary to draw on the general fund
of the City of Las Vegas to defray any of the costs and expenses of making any of
said improvements, except as otherwise provided for by the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas, that the said General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds from
said "Las Vegas 1931 Eighth to Twelfth Street Fund," as soon as the condition of the
same will permit. And provided further, that where there there shall be lands be-
longing to the City or public grounds not taxable, abutting on such improvements,
or such improvements shall be made upon interior squares or spaces, formed by the
intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys, such part of the expense of
such improvements as, in the opinion of the Board or Assessor making such special
assessment, would be justly apportionable to such public ground, and City property, and
to any interior squares or spaces formed by the intersection of streets where the
abutting property is taxable, shall be paid from the General Fund, or be stood and
borne by the City of Las Vegas, and the balance of such expense shall be assessed upon
the taxable lots included in such special assessment district in proportion to the
estimated benefits resulting thereto from the improvement.

Section This Ordinance shall br in effect from and after its passage
and adoption and publication for a period of one week (six issues) in the Las Vegas Age,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 6. City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 171
published in six successive issues of the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 4th day of August, A.D., 1931 by the following
vote: of the Board of City Commissioners: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and His Honor

the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none. First reading July 6, 1931. Final
reading 4th day of August, 1931.

Approved this 4th day of August, 1931.

E. W. Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark )

C. P. Squires, being duly sworn, disposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached

Ordinance No. 171, of the City of Las Vegas
was published in said newspaper for a period of One week (six issues) from August 6,

1931 to August 12, 1931 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates to-wit:

August 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 12, 1931.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named.  That the legal charge for publishing the same was $158.68

Signed C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th day of Sept. 1931.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 172



An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas relating to the construction of driveways.



		 

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Before a permit is granted for the breaking of the curb and the
construction of driveways on streets that have cement concrete curbs constructed thereon,
the applicant for the driveway must produce evidence satisfactory to the Street Superintendent
 of the city to show that the construction of such driveway is agreeable to
and in accordance with the desire of the owner or owners of the property to which said
driveway will be an entrance, The applicant shall apply to the Street Superintendent
for permission to remove the curbing and shall pay to the Street Superintendent a fee
of one-half (½) cent per square foot for each square foot of driveway proposed to be
constructed and one-half (½) cent per lineal foot for each lineal foot of curb proposed to
be constructed.

The Street Superintendent shall require each applicant for a proposed driveway
to deposit with him the sum of ten (½) dollars as a guarantee that the driveway, with
proper curb and gutter returns, will be constructed within thirty days after the curbing
 has been broken out. The Street Superintendent shall give a receipt for the guaranteed
deposit and upon the completion of said driveway within the specified time shall refund
the ten (10) dollar deposit to the applicant upon the presentation of the receipt covering
 said guaranteed deposit.

Section 2. After the applicant has complied with the requirements of Section
1, the Street Superintendent shall issue a permit granting the applicant the right to
construct a driveways and showing thereon the location, by lot and block number, for
which the application has been made.

Section 3. The Street Superintendent shall furnish and Inspector for each and
every piece of curb, gutter and driveway to be constructed, whose duties will be to check
the forms of alignment and grade and see that the work is done in accordance with the
specifications hereinafter referred to.

The Street Superintendent shall be notified at least twenty-four hours in
advance of the time when the work is proposed to be started.

Section 4. In the event that the work is not carried on so that the rate of
progress in laying the cement work complete for one driveway, with curb and gutter in
four (4) hours, is maintained, or in the event that the permit has been granted and the
curb broken out and work is not completed with thirty (30) days from the date of said
permit, then and in either event the guarantee sum shall be forfeited to the City of
Las Vegas.

Section 5. All curb and gutter work and all driveway paving shall be constructed
 in accordance the the Ordinances of the City of Las Vegas, now in existence and hereafter
enacted, and in accordance with such Standard Specifications relating thereto now in
existence in said City or which may hereafter be adopted by the Board of City Commissioners.

Section 6. Except as in this Ordinance provided it shall be unlawful for any
person to cut into, alter, injure or remove any curb in the City of Las Vegas, except
when done by or under the direction of an authorized officer of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 7. Any person violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be fined in a
sum of not less than five dollars nor more than Twenty-five Dollars, and in case said fine
should not be paid, to be imprisoned in the City jail for one day for each Two Dollars of
said fine unpaid.
Section 8. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict with the
provisions of this ordinance are hereby repealed.

This ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication
as hereinafter authorized.

Section 9. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this
ordinance published in Las Vegas Age a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas for a period of one week (six issues).

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time
at a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 6th day of July, 1931, and was passed upon second reading on August 4, 1931
on the following vote: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin

Voting aye. Noes none.

Viola Burns

City Clerk

Approved this 4th day of August, 1931

(City Seal)

E. W. Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )SS
County of Clark )

C P. Squires, being duly sworn, disposes and says: That he is publisher of the Las
Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached

Ordinance No. 172 of the City of Las Vegas

was published in said newspaper for a period of One week (six issues) from August 6,

1931 to August 12, 1931 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates to-wit: August 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 12, 1931

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the legal charge for publishing the same was $86.35.

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th day of Sept. 1931.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)

Ordinance No. 173.



 An Ordinance to prohibit excavating, grading, paving, leveling, repairing,
sidewalking, crosswalking, or filling in any public street, highway, avenue or alley
within the City limits, without first obtaining a written permit to do so and giving
a bond to replace the street in proper condition within the time specified in such permit;
 to provide a penalty for the violation thereof, and to repeal Ordinance No. 37
of said City, and all Ordinances, and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Permit. No person, firm, association, or corporation shall excavate,
grade, pave, repair, sidewalk, crosswalk or fill in, in any public street, highway, avenue,
 or alley within the City Limits of the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining
a written permit to do so from the Street Superintendent of the City of Las Vegas; which
permit shall state the time within which such excavating, grading, paving, leveling,
repairing, sidewalking, crosswalking, or filling shall be done.

Section 2. Bond. Any person, firm, association, or corporation obtaining a permit
 for any of the purposes designated in Section 1 of this Ordinance shall, before renewing
 or in any manner changing the surface of the street, highway, avenue, or alley,
execute to the City of Las Vegas, a bond, to be approved by the Street Superintendent
of the City of Las Vegas, in such sum as shall be designated by said Street Superintendent
 as necessary for the proper protection of said City, conditioned that the obligors
of said bond will pay to the City of Las Vegas the amount of said bond, should the person
 obtaining such permit fail, neglect or refuse to complete the excavating, grading,
paving, leveling, repairing, sidewalking, crosswalking, or filling in the public street,
highway, avenue, or alley, for which such permit was obtained, within the time stated
in said permit, or fail, neglect or refuse to restore the street, highway, avenue, or
alley in proper condition to the satisfaction of said Street Superintendent after the
work provided for in said permit has been finished, and to keep the same in such condition
 for at least six months thereafter, reasonable wear thereof excepted, refilling
any such excavation during such time, whenever and wherever it may sink or settle below
 the surface of the street, alley sidewalk, highway, avenue, or place, and without
notice to do so from the Street Commissioner; provided, however, that instead of special
 bonds to cover particular work any person, firm association, or corporation intending
 to made excavations in the public streets, alleys, or any public places in the
City of Las Vegas may make and maintain with the City of Las Vegas a general bond in
the sum of Two Thousand Dollars, which said general bond shall be conditioned and used

for the same purpose as the special bond hereinbefore described in this Section, covering 
all work to be done instead of any particular piece of work; and while such general
bond is maintained at said sum of Two Thousand Dollars, such person, firm, association
or corporation shall not be required to make the special bond hereinbefore in this section
 provided, but shall be required to comply with all the other provisions of this
Ordinance. Provided, however that instead of executing the special bond above mentioned
a deposit in money in the same amount may be made With said Street Superintendent, to
be held under the same conditions as provided for such bond, except that when such 
excavation shall be refilled and the street, alley, sidewalk, highway public square or
place surface shall be restored as provided for herein, one-half of such deposit shall
be returned and the other half of such deposit shall be retained for a period of six
months after the completion of said excavation; and at the expiration of such time shall
be returned to the person, firm, association or corporation so depositing the same; provided,
 further, that said Street Superintendent may use any part or all of such deposit
in restoring and in maintaining, at a reasonable cost, such street, alley, sidewalk,
highway, public square, or place, as required in this section, whenever the person,
firm, association or corporation making such excavation fails or neglects to comply
with the requirements of said section.

Section 3. Whenever any excavation as mentioned in the preceding sections is
made for the purposes of connecting a drain with a public sewer or repairing a drain
connected with a public sewer, before beginning such excavation, such person, firm,
association or corporation shall notify the City Plumbing Inspector, of the place where
and the time when such excavation is to be done, and such excavation and filling shall
be made under his direction. In such cases the provisions of the fore going sections
and of this ordinance shall apply in all respects, except as to the making of the deposit
 and the execution of the bond as therein specified, no bond or deposit being required
 in such cases, but in addition to the penalty hereinafter in this Ordinance
provided, the City may recover against the person, firm, association or corporation
in a civil action in a Court of competent jurisdiction for all damage or injury,
direct or indirect, which the City may suffer by reason of the failure, neglect or refusal
 of the person, firm, association or corporation making such excavation to
 strictly comply with the provisions of this ordinance.

Section 4. In all cases where, at the time of the taking effect of this Ordinance
a deposit shall be held by the Commissioner of Streets and Public Property under the
provisions of said Ordinance No. 37 a bond, as provided hereunder, may be substituted
for such deposit, the obligation of such bond to cover not only excavations made and
covered by such deposit, but to cover also any excavations made after the date of such
bond in connection with the work theretofore covered by such deposit.

Section 5. Every City Officer, contractor, person, firm, association or corporation
 who shall made any excavation in any street, alley, sidewalk, highway, public
square, or place within the City of Las Vegas shall provide during every night, from
sunset to daylight, while such excavation remains unfilled, either a sufficient light
or temporary fence, or suitable obstruction around or in front of the same, in order
to prevent animals, vehicles and persons from falling into the same.

Section 6. Any violation of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be punished
by a fine of not to exceed Four Hundred Fifty Dollars ($450.00) or by imprisonment in
the City Jail not exceeding six months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 7. Ordinance No. 37 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance
regulating excavations in street, alleys, sidewalks, highways, public squares, and
places in the City of Las Vegas, and other matters relating thereto," approved March
5, 1913, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinances
are hereby repealed.

Section 8. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, adoption,
 and publication in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper printed and published in said
City, for a period of one week (six issues)

Section 9. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance
 published as in Section 8 hereof provided.

Passed and adopted this 4th day of August, 1931, by the following vote: 
Commissioners Mundy, and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin, voting Aye. Noes none.
First reading July 21st, 1931. Second and final reading August 4th, 1931.

Approved this 4th day of August, 1931.

E. W. Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA )ss
County of Clark )

C. P. Squires, being duly sworn, disposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Publication 
Ordinance No. 173 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada was published in said newspaper for a
period of one week, from Oct. 10th, 1931 to Oct. 16th, 1931, inclusive, being issues of
said newspaper for the following dates to-wit: Oct. 10, 11, 13, 14, 15, 16, 1931. That said
newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That
the legal charge for publishing the same was $265.

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22nd day of October 1931.

C. P. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 174.



An Ordinance to amend Sections 1, 3, 4, 6 and 9 of Ordinance No. 161, of the City
of Las Vegas, and to amend said Ordinance by adding a new Section to he known as Section
22a, and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section 1 of Ordinance No. 161 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled:
"An Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical installation, fixture and connection
 work and providing for the examination of persons engaged in the same, creating
a Board of Examination, regulating the sale of electrical fixtures and appliances, providing
 for the licensing of electrical workers, providing additional regulations for electrical
 installation, fixing a penalty for the violation thereof, and repealing Ordinance
No. 156 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance regulating the business of doing
electrical installation, fixture and connection work and providing for the examination of
persons engaged in the same, and creating an examination board, and providing a penalty for
a violation thereof,' and repealing Ordinance No. 128 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
'An Ordinance providing for the licensing of electrical workers in the City of Las Vegas,
and fixing a penalty for the violation thereof,' and repealing all ordinances and parts of
Ordinances in conflict with the provisions of this Ordinance" is hereby amended so that the
same shall read as follows:

"Section 1. On and after the passage, adoption and completed publication of this
Ordinance, it shall be unlawful for any master electrician to do, or attempt to do, or
cause to be done, except as hereinafter provided, any electrical installation, fixture or
connection work whether original work or alteration, within any building in the City of Las
Vegas, without first undergoing before a Board of examination an examination as to his 
competency as an electrician or electrical worker and procuring from such Board certificate
thereof. Said Board of Examination shall consist of five members, one of whom shall be
the Electrical Inspector and the remaining four members shall be: two licensed Master
Electricians and two licensed journeymen electricians; said latter four members to be
appointed by the Board of City Commissioners, and the person so appointed may at any time
be removed by the Resolution or Order of the Board of City Commissioners of said City.

Such Board shall organize, adopt rules and regulations for its guidance, and elect one of
its members to be President and another its Secretary. An affirmative vote of a majority
of such Board at a regular or special meeting thereof shall be sufficient to authorize the
issuance of such certificate to any applicant therefor upon such examination, and such 
certificate to be signed by the President and Secretary of such Board. The records of said
Board of Examination shall at all times be open to the inspection of the Mayor and any
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and such Board of Examination shall make such 
reports to said Board of City Commissioners from time to time as required by said Board of
City Commissioners. The examination above provided shall consist of twenty (20) questions
on subjects covered by the National Electrical Code and shall be reasonable and practical.
All such examination papers shall by said Board of Examination be filed with the City Clerk
within ten days after such Examination is held, showing the percentage given and a record
of the certificate issued where a certificate of competency is allowed. If the Board of
City Commissioners shall be of the opinion, and shall so find, that the questions submitted
to the applicant, who does not pass such examination, do not conform to the provisions of
this paragraph said Board of Commissioners may direct a reexamination of such applicant
forthwith by said Board of Examination, and such re-examination shall be governed by all
the provisions of this Paragraph."

- 

Section 2. Section 3 of said Ordinance No. 161 is hereby amended so that the
same shall read as follows:

"Section 3. Before filing with said Board of Examination his application for an
examination, as provided in Section 1, the applicant for an examination shall pay a fee of
Fifty Dollars, and such examination shall be held by the Board of Examination not more
than thirty days after the filing of the application, of which the applicant shall receive
at least three days' notice. Such fee to be paid to the City Clerk. Any person failing to
pass any such examination shall be entitled to have returned to him the said sum of Fifty
Dollars, but any person failing to pass such examination shall not be permitted to take 
another examination at an earlier time than thirty days after the last preceding examination
had relating to such applicant, unless otherwise prescribed by an order of such Board of
Examination.

Section 3. Section 4 of said Ordinance No. 1661 is hereby amended so that the
same shall read as follows:

"Section 4. The word "person" as used herein shall include also any firm of
persons or corporation. A "master electrician" within the meaning of this Ordinance is a
person, firm or corporation actively engaged in the business of installing, altering,
and/or repairing electrical wiring of electrical lighting or heating apparatus for others,
directly or by means of agents or employees; provided, however, that in the case of a firm
or corporation engaging in the business of electrical work as aforesaid the provisions of
this Ordinance relative to certificate of qualification shall be deemed to be complied with
if the member of such firm, officer of such corporation, foreman or other person in charge
of such electrical work for such firm or corporation, shall have complied with the requirements
 hereof and received a certificate as a master electrician; but nothing herein shall
be deemed to permit any person to have charge of, exercise any control over or direct any
such electrical work without having obtained and having in force and effect a certificate
as herein provided for.

Provided, that none of the provisions of this Ordinance shall prevent the
lessee or owner of any premises from performing his own electrical work on such premises
with his own hands only, but if any one is hired to do such work the person hired shall be
a master electrician and not a journeyman electrician. All work so done by such lessee or
owner shall be subject to inspection, the payment of inspection fees, and shall be done
strictly in conformity with the Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas pertaining to electrical
work.

A "Journeyman electrician" within the meaning of this Ordinance is a person
employed by a master electrician to supervise under the control and direction of a master
electrician the installing, altering and/or repairing of electrical lighting or heating
apparatus or to do installing, altering and/or repairing of electrical wiring of electrical

lighting or heating apparatus.
It shall be unlawful for any journeyman electrician to do electrical work in the
City of Las Vegas without first procuring a certificate thereof as herein provided. Every
application for a certificate as journeyman electrician within the City of Las Vegas shall
be made to the Electrical Inspector, and shall be issued by the Electrical Inspector only
when the applicant therefor shall by written examination have established to the satisfaction
of the Board of Examination aforesaid that such applicant possesses the qualifications
necessary to do the work of journeyman electrician within the said City and properly install
electrical wiring and electrical lighting and heating apparatus in accordance with the provisions
 of the then existing ordinances of the City of Las Vegas relating to such work, or
properly supervise the installation of electrical wiring and electrical lighting and heating
 apparatus. The fee for the examination for journeyman electrician shall be Five
Dollars ($5) and shall be paid to the Electrical Inspector upon application for certificated

Every person of the age of twenty-one years or over, engaged in work as master electrician
 or journeyman electrician in the City of Las Vegas at the time of the taking effect
of this Ordinance, shall apply for and receive a certificate of competency from said Board
of Examination before continuing such work, but shall not be required to submit to examination
 in order to receive the same. The provisions for taking out license and for annual
renewal of license of master electrician shall apply to the master electricians mentioned in
this paragraph. In case of the revocation of a certificate of competency, as herein provided
 for, such person shall submit to and pass an examination for competency before such
Board of Examination before being reinstated and having a new certificate issued to him.

The revocation of certificate of competency of a journeyman electrician may be had in the
same manner and with the same effect as hereinabove provided for the revocation of certificate
 of competency of master electrician."

Section 4. Section 6 of said Ordinance No. 161 is hereby amended so that the same
shall read as follows:

"Section 6 (a) Before any person who has received a certificate of competency shall
engage in the business of master electrician, such person shall pay to the City Clerk of
said City an annual license fee, as follows: 1. For every master electrician where his

business is carried on at a fixed place of business in the City of Las Vegas, in carrying on.
such business per annum, $100.00. 2. For every master electrician who does not at the

time of taking out of such license have a fixed place of business, per annum $200.00. When
such master electrician is employed by a firm or corporation and the license fee is paid by
such firm or corporation such license shall be issued in the name of such firm or corporation,
 and on such master ceasing work for such firm or corporation such license shall remain
 with such firm or corporation when issued in the name of such firm or corporation as
above provided. Such payment shall constitute the fee for he current calendar year, or
portion thereof, in which such license shall be issued. Any license issued to any master
electrician, firm or corporation as above provided, shall expire at the end of the calendar
year; provided, that upon payment of an annual license fee of Fifty Dollars ($50.00), such
license shall be renewed yearly until revoked. The license above provided shall be issued
by the City Clerk."

"(b) Every person, firm or corporation before obtaining a certificate as Master
Electrician", shall deposit with the City Clerk the sum of One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) in
cash as a guarantee for the payment of all fees or permits or inspections that may become
due and be owed by said certificate holder to the City of Las Vegas and as a further guarantee
 that all electrical work done under the authority of said certificate will be done
in compliance with all of the provisions and requirements of all the ordinances applicable
thereto. Such deposit shall at all times be maintained at One Hundred Dollars ($100.00),
and in the event said depositor shall discontinue business, said deposit shall be refunded to
such depositor, less any amounts due for fees or under any of the other provisions of this
Ordinance.

Section 5. Section 9 of said Ordinance No. 161 is hereby amended so that the same
shall read as follows:

"Section 9. Application for a license to engage in the business of selling electrical
 supplies, under Ordinances applicable thereto, shall be made to he City Clerk.

Section 6. A new section, to be known as Section 22a, is hereby added to said
Ordinance No. 161 byway of amendment, as follows:

Section 22a. Smaller than l½" x 3" outlet boxes shall not be used on any class of
work without special permission from the Electrical Inspector.

More than two cabins connected together by any means shall be wired in conduit.

All exposed outline lighting on buildings shall be wired in conduit and 
weatherproof conduits.

All buildings, residences and commercial buildings hereafter erected, having two
circuits or more, shall have a fuse panel installed in the building, preferably on back
porch of residence, and all circuits shall feed from this panel.

All ceiling fans hereafter installed shall be run on separate circuits.

Nothing but approved ground connections shall be used for ground connections, such
approval to be made by the Electrical Inspector.

BX shall not be used on sign work where it will be exposed to weather. Where rigid
 conduit is impractical Greenfield may be used provided lead covered wire is used.

All temporary work must be reported to the Electrical Inspector before work is

started.

Section 7. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions
of this ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 8. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and
adoption and publication for one week (six issues) in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published
 in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 17th day of September, 1931, by the following vote:
Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the Mayor, E. W. Cragin, voting aye. Noes
none. First reading July 6, 1931. Second and final reading September 17, 1931.

Approved this 17th day of September, 1931.

E. W. Cragin_____________________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk (City seal)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.	

STATE OF NEVADA )

 ss.

County of Clark)

C. P. SQUIRES, being duly sworn, disposes and says: That he is publisher

of the LAS VEGAS AGE, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No.

174 of the City of Las Vegas was published in said newspaper for a period of one week from
Sept. 19, 1931 to Sept. 25, 1931 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates to-wit: Sept. 19, 20, 22, 23, 24 and 25, 1931. That said newspaper was

regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the legal charge
for publishing the same was $242.65.

Signed C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th day of October, 1931.

C. D. Breeze________________________________

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935 Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

(Notarial Seal)

	ORDINANCE NO. 175

An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 159 of he City of Las Vegas by adding thereto
a new section to be known as Section 12a, and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances
 in conflict therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. Ordinance No. 159 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance

regulating the doing of plumbing work and providing for the examination of persons engaged
in the same, and creating an examining board, providing a penalty for the violation thereof,
 and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith" is hereby
amended by adding thereto a new section to be known as Section 12a, as follows:

Section 12a. Before any person who has received a certificate of competency shall
engage in the business of plumbing, or doing plumbing work, including the laying of cast
iron sewers, such person shall pay to the City Clerk of said City an annual license fee,
as follows: 1. For every plumbing business where t he same is carried on at a fixed place

of business in the City of Las Vegas, in carrying on such business per annum, $100.00.

2. For every kind of plumbing business other than that described in Subdivision 1 of this 
Section, per annum, $200.00. Such payment shall constitute the fee for the current calendar 
year, or portion thereof, in which such license shall be issued. Any license issued
to any master plumber shall expire at the end of the calendar year; provided, that upon payment
 of an annual license fee of $100.00, where same is carried on in a fixed place of business,
 and $200.00 for every other kind of plumbing business, the particular license shall
be renewed yearly until revoked. The license above provided for shall be issued by the City
Clerk.

Every person, firm or corporation before obtaining a certificate as "Master Plumber",
shall deposit with the City Clerk, the sum of One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) in cash as a
guarantee for the payment of all fees or permits or inspections that may become due and he
owed by said certificate holder to the City of Las Vegas, and as a further guarantee that
all plumbing work done under the authority of said certificate will be done in compliance
with all the provisions and requirements of all the ordinances applicable thereto. Such
deposit shall at all times be maintained at One Hundred Dollars ($100.00), and in event
said depositor shall discontinue business said deposit shall be returned to such depositor,
less any amounts due for fees or under any of the other provisions of this ordinance.

Section 2. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions
of this Ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 3. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption
 and publication for a period of one week (6 issues) in Las Vegas Age a daily newspaper 
published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 20th day of August, 1931, by the following vote of the Board
of City Commissioners: Mundy, Hansell, and His Honor Mayor pro tem, W. C. German, voting
aye. Noes none. First reading July 6, 1931. Second and Final reading August 20, 1931.

Approved this 20th day of August, 1931.

W. C. German_____

Attest:	Mayor pro tem of the City of Las Vegas.

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

By Mary Taylor

Deputy City Clerk.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA )	

County of Clark ) ss

C. P. SQUIRES, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher

of the LAS VEGAS AGE, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 175
of the City of Las Vegas was published in said newspaper for a period of One week (Six
Issues) from August 21, 1931 to August 27, 1931 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
paper for the following dates, to-wit: August 21, 22, 23, 25, 26, 27, 1931. That said
 was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the
charge for publishing the same was

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th day of Sept., 1931.

C. D. Breeze__________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 176

An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the ex-officio Assessor of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment to defray
 the costs of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and
surfacing with road mixed oil graveled surface and constructing hydraulic cement concrete
curb and gutter (Combined) on certain streets and portions of streets in said City, according
to the plats, diagrams and estimates of cost thereof on file in the office of the City
Clerk of the City of Las Vegas; describing definitely the location of said improvements,
stating the amounts of said assessment, and designating the lots, lands and premises to be
assessed according to benefits; providing for the payment thereof, and other matters relating
 thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the costs of making certain improvements in
the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and surfacing with road mixed oil graveled surface
and constructing hydraulic cement concrete curb and gutter (combined), according to the
plats, diagrams and estimates of cost heretofore prepared, and adopted by the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and on file in the office of the City Clerk of said
City, according to the terms of Ordinance No. 171 of the City of Las Vegas, approved August
4, 1931, the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized
 and directed to forthwith levy the special assessment in the amount hereinafter specified,
 against the owners and upon the lots, lands and premises, hereinafter designated and
described according to benefits. Said special assessment shall be levied upon the taxable
lots, property and premises situate in the special assessment district created by the terms
of said Ordinance No. 171, benefitted by said improvements proportionately to the benefits
received; provided, however, that in no case shall the said Ex-Officio Assessor levy any
special assessment upon any such lots, lands or premises, exceeding fifty per cent (50%) of
the value of such lots, lands or premises as last before valued and assessed for state and
county taxation in the County Tax Roll; but such costs over and above and exceeding that per
cent shall be paid from the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. The Ex-Officio City Assessor shall assess the taxable lots, property and
premises situate in the special assessment district, created by the terms of said Ordinance
No. 171, benefitted by said improvements proportionately to the benefits received, that is
to say, such Ex-Officio Assessor shall assess upon each lot, parcel of land or premises
such relative portion of the whole stun to e levied as shall be proportionate to the estimated
 benefit resulting to such lot, parcel of land or premises from the said improvement.

Section 3. In levying the assessments as in this Ordinance provided, the Ex-Officio
Assessor shall prepare a Special Assessment Roll therefor, and after he shall have completed
 the Assessment as herein provided and completed the said special assessment Roll, he
shall report the same to the Board of City Commissioners as provided for by law and upon
receiving such report and special assessment roll, the said Roll shall be numbered and filed
in the office of the City Clerk, and the Board of City Commissioners shall cause notice
thereof to the published for at least two weeks in some newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas, of the filing of the same with the City Clerk, and appointing a time when the
Board of City Commissioners and the Ex-Officio Assessor will meet to review the assessment,
and any person objecting thereto may be heard, or any person objecting to the assessments,
may file his or her objection thereto in writing, with the City Clerk.

Section 4. At the time appointed for the purpose of reviewing said assessments and
considering any objections thereto made at said time or filed in writing, the Board of City
Commissioners and said Ex-Officio Assessor shall meet and then, or at some adjourned meeting,
 review said assessments, and will hear any objections to s aid assessments, which have
been made or filed as aforesaid by any person deeming himself aggrieved thereby, and will
decide upon the same as to any assessment, or description of the premises, appearing necessary
 therein, and will confirm it as reported or as corrected, or will refer the assessment
back to the Ex-Officio Assessor for revision or annul it and direct a new assessment to be
made; and when said assessment shall be confirmed, the City Clerk shall make an endorsement,
upon the Roll showing said confirmation and the same shall be final and conclusive; the City
Clerk shall then deliver the same to the county assessor, acting ex-officio city assessor,
with her certificate of confirmation, and the County Assessor, acting ex-officio city
Assessor, shall thereupon record said assessment roll in his office and append thereto his
certificate of the date of recording. Said Roll when so endorsed and recorded, shall be
prima facie evidence in all Courts and Tribunals of the regularity of the proceedings, 
preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of said Assessment and Assessment Roll.

Section 5. Upon the confirmation and recording of the said Assessments and Assessment
 Roll as by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas provided, the Assessments shall be at
once due and payable, and from the date of said confirmation and recording, shall constitute
 and be a lien upon the lot or parcel of land and premises assessed, together with the
legal interest thereon, and shall be charged against the persons and properties until paid.

Section 6. The several lots and premises, together with their location, the name of
the present owner, and the approximate amounts to be assessed thereon, are as follows:

A. The amount to be assessed against the owners and upon the lots and premises,
according to benefits, in said special assessment district for grading for and surfacing
with road mixed oil graveled surface and constructing hydraulic cement concrete curb and
gutter (combined) therein is Eight Thousand One Hundred Thirty and 92/100 Dollars
($8130.92) and the several lots and premises, with their location, the name of the present
recorded owner, and the approximate amounts to be assessed thereon, are as follows:

In Bucks Subdivision:

Lots 1 and 2, Block 14, S. P. Smiley, owner, assessment, Lot 1, $213.02, Lot 2,
$156.21, total $369.23.

Lot 3, Block 14, Thomas O. Harland, owner, assessment $99.41.

Lot 4, Block 14, W. E. Fitzgerald, owner, assessment, $42.60.

Lot s 13, 14, 15 and 16, Block 14, Jessie N. Hunt, owner, assessment Lot 13, $42.60,
Lot 14, $99.41, Lot 15, $156.21, Lot 16, $213.02, total $511.24.

Lots 5, 6, and 7, Block 15, F. A. Wait, owner, assessment, Lot 5, $42.60, Lot 6,
$99.41, Lot 7, $156.21, total $298.22.

Lot 8, Block 15, George Markich, owner, assessment, $213.02.

Lot 9, Block 15, Mrs. Kate Johnson, owner, assessment $213.02.
Lot 10, Block 15, R. W. Martin, owner, assessment, $156.21.

Lot 11, Block 15, Odd Fellows Lodge, owner, assessment, $99.41.

Lot 12, Block 15, Josephine Hinge, owner, assessment, $42.60.

 Lots5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12, Block 20, Sam Mikulich, owner, assessment, Lot 5,

$42.60, Lot 6, $99.41, Lot 7, $156.21, Lot 8, $213.02, Lot 9, $213.02, Lot 10, $156.21, Lot
11, $99.41, Lot 12, $42.60, total $1022.48.

Lot 1, Block 21, Helen M. Rives, owner, assessment, $213.02.

  		Block 21, H. C. and Clara Wheeler, owners, assessment, Lot 2, $156.21,

Lot 3, $99.41, total $255.62.

Lot 4, Block 21, R. D. and A. F. Bingham, owners, assessment $42.60.

The north 98.86 feet of Lot 6, Block 21, Earl F. Davison, owner, assessment, $132.11.

Lots 7 and 8, Block 21, Richard Busteed, Deac. owner, assessment, Lot 7, $156.21, Lot
8, $213.02, total $369.23.

Lots 2 and 3, Block 22, J. H. Ladd, owner, assessment, Lot 2, $42.60, Lot 3, $99.41,
total $142.01.

Lots 4 and 5, Block 22, A. C. Delkin, owner, assessment, Lot 4, $156.21, Lot 5,
$213.02, total $369.23.

Lot "H", Block 22, John F. Fagan, owner, assessment $111.28.

Lot "F", J. H. Ladd and A. C. Delkin, owners; assessment, $275.10.

Lot "G", J. H. Ladd and A. C. Delkin, owners, assessment, $12.34.

In Pioneer Heights Addition.

Lots 17, 18, 19, 20 and 21, Block 2, J. H. Ladd and A. C. Delkin, owners, assessment
Lot 17, $69.46, Lot 18, $93.73, Lot 19, $84.97, Lot 20, $71.00, Lot 21, $56.80, total
$375.96.

Lots 22, 23, and 24, Block 2, John Van Ryn, owner, assessment, Lot 22, $42.60, Lot
23, $28.40, Lot 24, $14.20, total $85.20.

Lot 1, Block 2, J. H. Ladd, A. C. and Eugenia Delkin, owners, assessment $9.94.

Lots 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7, Block 2, J. H. Ladd and A. C. Delkin, owners, assessment,

Lot 2, $34.08, Lot 3, $51.73, Lot 4, $55.18, Lot 5, $42.60, Lot 6, $28.40, Lot 7, $14.20,

total $226.19.

Lots 23 and 24, Block 3, Earl F. Davison, owner, assessment, Lot 23, $3.57, Lot 24, 

$6.33, total $9.90.

In Ladd Addition

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6, Block 1, J. H. Ladd, owner, assessment, Lot 1, $56.56,

Lot 2, $91.36, Lot 3, $126.16, Lot 4, $159.43, Lot 5, $166.34, Lot 6, $166.34, total

$766.19.

The northerly 200 feet of Block 2, J. H. Ladd, owner, assessment $998.02.

Lot "A", J. H. Ladd and A. C. Delkin, owner, assessment, $37.73.

In Fairview Tract

Lots 13, 14, 15, and 16, Block 1, John F. Fagan, owner, assessment, Lot 13, $42.60,

Lot 14, $95.86, Lot 15, $126.08, Lot 16, $135.42, total $399.96. 

Lots 13, 14, 15, and 16, Block 2, J. H. Ladd, owner, assessment, Lot 13, $6.91,

Lot 14, $40.18, Lot 15, $74.98, Lot 16, $109.78, total $231.85.

Section 7. The total approximate amount to he levied and collected as Special
Assessment against the several lots and premises hereinbefore designated and described for
the purposes aforesaid, is as follows, to-wit: $8130.92.

Section 8. All assessments when due and payable, as aforesaid, shall be paid to the
County Treasurer and Ex-Officio City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, who shall place the
same in what shall be known as "Las Vegas 1931 Eighth to Twelfth Street Fund," and no 
portion thereof shall be paid out of said Treasury, except upon claims duly allowed by the
Board of City Commissioners, for the purpose of defraying the cost and expense of making
said improvements as aforesaid, and for no other purpose until the same is fully paid, 
provided, however, that if it becomes necessary to draw upon the General Fund of the City of
Las Vegas, for the purpose of defraying any part of the costs and expenses of making any of
the said improvements as in this Ordinance contained, that the said General Fund of the
City of Las Vegas, shall be reimbursed by funds transferred from the said Las Vegas 1931
Eighth to Twelfth Street Fund, to the extent of the amount drawn from the General Fund as
soon as said Improvement Fund shall be in condition to permit the transfer.

Section 9. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption
 and publication for a period of one week (six issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a daily
newspaper, printed and published in said City of Las Vegas.

Section 10. The City Clerk and Clark of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 176 published one
week (six issues) of the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper, printed and published in the
City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 4th day of September, 1931, by the following vote: 

Commissioners Hansel, German, and His Honor the Mayor, E. Cragin, voting aye. Noes none.

First reading August 3, 1931. Second and final reading the 4th day of September, 1931.

Approved this 4th day of September, 1931.

E. W. Cragin______________________________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns______________

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board
of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA)

County of Clark) ss.

C. P. SQUIRES, being duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is 

publisher of the LAS VEGAS AGE, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
 at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
No. 176 of the City of Las Vegas was published in said newspaper for a period of One week,

six issued, from September 6, 1931 to September 12, 1931 inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates to-wit: September 6, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 1931. That said

newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the
legal charge for publishing the name was $

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th day of September, 1931.

C. D. Breeze_________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 177



An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the Ex-Officio Assessor of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment to reimburse
 said City for the costs of construction of a highway with federal aid from the easterly
 limit of the intersection of Fremont Street and Fifth Street in said City, running
thence along Fremont Street as laid out and extended in an easterly direction to the easterly
 boundary of said City of Las Vegas; describing definitely the location of said improvements,
 stating the amounts of said assessment, and designating the lots, lands and premises
to be assessed, abutting on the said improvement; providing for the payment thereof, and
other matters relating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the costs of making certain improvements in
the City of Las Vegas in the construction of a highway with federal aid from the easterly
limit of the intersection of Fremont Street and Fifth Street in said City, running thence
along Fremont Street as laid out and extended in an easterly direction to the easterly
boundary of said City of Las Vegas, and to reimburse said City for the cost thereof as provided
 in Chap. 6 of the 1931 Session Laws of the State of Nevada, the ex-officio City
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to forthwith
levy the special assessment in the amount hereinafter specified, against the owners and upon
the lots, lands and premises abutting on said improvement and hereinafter designated and
described. Said special assessment shall be levied upon the taxable lots, property and
premises situate in the special assessment district hereinafter described, benefitted by said
improvements proportionately to the benefits received; provided, however, that in no case
shall the said ex-officio Assessor levy any special assessment upon any such lots, lands or
premises, exceeding fifty per cent (50%) of the value of such lots, lands or premises as
last before valued and assessed for state and county taxation in the County Tax Roll; but
such costs over and above the and exceeding that per cent shall be paid from the General
Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. The ex-officio City Assessor shall assess the taxable lots, property and
premises situate in the special assessment district, hereinafter described, benefitted by
said improvements proportionately to the benefits received, that is to say, such Ex-Officio
 Assessor shall assess upon each lot, parcel of land or premises such relative portion of
the whole sum to be levied as shall be proportionate to the estimated benefit resulting to
such lot, parcel of land or premises from the said improvement.

Section 3. In levying the assessments as in this Ordinance provided, the Ex-Officio
Assessor shall prepare a special assessment roll therefor, and after he shall have completed
 the assessment as herein provided and completed the said special assessment roll, he
shall report the same to the Board of City Commissioners as provided for by law and upon
receiving such report and special assessment roll, the said Roll shall be numbered and filed
in the office of the City Clerk, and the Board of City Commissioners shall cause notice
thereof to be published for at least two weeks in some newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas, of the filing of the same with the City Clerk, and appointing a time when the
Board of City Commissioners and the ex-officio Assessor will meet to review the assessment,
and any person objecting thereto may be heard, or any person objecting to the assessments,
may file his or her objection thereto in writing, with the City Clerk.

Section 4. At the time appointed for the purpose of reviewing of said assessments
and considering any objections thereto made at said time or filed in writing, the Board of
City Commissioners and said Ex-officio Assessor shall meet and then, or at some adjourned
meeting, review said assessments, and will hear any objections to said assessments, which
have been made or filed as aforesaid by any person deeming himself aggrieved thereby, and
will decide upon the same as to any assessment, or description of the premises, appearing
necessary therein, and will confirm it as reported or as corrected, or will refer the
assessment back to the Ex-officio Assessor for revision or annul it and direct a new assessment
 to be made; and when said assessment shall be confirmed, the City Clerk shall make an
endorsement upon the Roll showing said confirmation and the same shall be final and conclusive;
 the City Clerk shall then deliver the same to the County Assessor, acting Ex-officio
 City Assessor, with her certificate of confirmation, and the County Assessor, acting
Ex-officio City Assessor, shall thereupon record said assessment roll in his office and
append thereto his certificate of the date of recording. Said Roll when so endorsed and
recorded, shall be prima facie evidence in all Courts and Tribunals of the regularity of
the proceedings, preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of said Assessment
and Assessment Roll.

Section 5. Upon the confirmation and recording of the said assessments and assessment
 roll as by "the Charter of the City of Las Vegas provided, the assessments shall be at
once due and payable, and from the date of said confirmation and recording, shall constitute
 and be a lien upon the lot or parcel of land and premises assessed, together with the
legal interest thereon, and shall be charged against the person and properties until paid.

Section 6. The said special assessment district and the several lots and premises,
together with their location, and name of the present owner, and the approximate amounts to
be assessed thereon, are as follows:

A. the amount to be assessed against the owners and upon the lots and premises,
according to the benefits, in said special assessment district for the construction of said
[improvement therein is Ten Thousand Three Hundred Two and 90/100 Dollars ($10,302.90), and
the said special assessment district embraces the hereinafter described property, and the
several lots and premises, with their location; the name of the present recorded owner, and
the approximate amounts to be assessed thereon, are as follows:

In Hawkins Addition.

Lots 11, 12, 13, and 14, Block 2, A. W. Ham, owner, assessment, $27.78 each, total
$111.12.

Lots 15, 16, 17, 18, and 19, Block 2, Colorado River Exploration Company, Ltd.,
owner, assessment, $27.78 each, total $138.90.

Lots 20, 21, and 22, Block 2, Uldine Dayton, owner, assessment, $27.78 each, total
$83.34.	

Lots 1, 2, 3, and 4, Block 3, Will Beckley, owner, assessment, $27.78 each, total

$111.12.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 3, Mrs. Kate Martin, owner, assessment, $27.78 each, total

$55.56.

Lot 7, Block 3, Quality Laundry, owner, assessment, $27.78.

Lots 8 and 9, Block 3, Clara Campbell, owner, assessment, $27.78 each, total

$55.56.

Lots 10, 11, and 12, Block 3, L. T. Brock, owner, assessment, $27.78 each, total

$83.34.

Lots 1, 2, and 3, Block 6, Colorado River Exploration Company, Ltd., owner, assessment
 $27.78 each, total $83.34.

Lots 4 and 5, Block 6, Mrs. Ed Von Tobel, owner, assessment, $27.78 each, total

$55.56.

Lots 6 and 7, Block 6, R. E. Lake, Jr., owner, assessment, $27.78 each, total

$55.56 .

Lots 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12, Block 6, Colorado River Exploration Company, Ltd., owner,
assessment, $27.78 each, total $138.90.

Lots 11, 12, 13, and 14, Block 7, Helen M. Rives, owner, assessment, $27.78 each,
total $111.12.

Lots 15 and 16, Block 7, Colorado River Exploration Company, Ltd., owner, assessment,
 Lot 15, $27.78, Lot 16, $38.89, total $66.67.

East 36 feet of South 67.97 feet of Lot 17, Block 7, Baptist Church, owner, assessment
 $9.06.

West 63.8 feet of Lot 17, Block 7, Colorado River Exploration Company, Ltd., owner,
assessment, $57.76.

In Bucks Subdivision.

East 73.46 feet of South 130 feet of Lot 6, Block 3. Baptist Church, owner, assessment,
 $64.27.

South 61.23 feet of the West 45.5 feet of Lot 6, Block 3, Colorado River Exploration
Company, Ltd., owner, assessment, $7.55.

North 20 feet of Lot 6, Block 3, C. E. Pembroke, owner, assessment, $16.93.

Lots 5, 6, 7, and 8, Block 12, Walter F. McLallen, owner, assessment, lot 5, $13.89.
Lot 6, $32.41, Lot 7, $50.93. Lot 8, $69.45, total $166.68.

Lots 9, 10, and 11, Block 12, Miss Marion E. Fitzhugh, owner, assessment, Lot 9,
$69.45, Lot 10, $50.93, Lot 11, $32.41, total $152.79.

Lot 12, Block 12, J. H. Williams, owner, assessment, $13.89.

Undivided one-third interest in Lots 1, 2, and 3, Block 13, J. J. Hagerty, owner,
assessment Lot 1, $23.15, Lot 2, $16.98, Lot 3. $10.80, total $50.93.

Undivided one-third interest in Lots 1, 2, and 3, Block 13, Fessenden H. Reserve,
owner, assessment, Lot 1, $23.15. Lot 2, $16.98, Lot 3, $10.80, total, $50.93.

Undivided one-third interest in Lots 1, 2, and 3. Block 13, Vegas Valley Development
 Co., owner, assessment, Lot 1, $23.15, Lot 2, $16.98, Lot 3, $10.80, total, $50.93.

Lot 4, Block 13, E. A. Stinson, owner, assessment, $13.89.

Lots 10, 11, 12, and 13, Block 13, Samuel Craner, owner, assessment, Lot 10, $13.89,
Lot 11, $32.41, Lot 12, $50.93, Lot 13, $69.45, total $166.68.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 14, S. P. Smiley, owner, assessment, Lot 1, $48.60, Lot 2,
$35.64, total $84.24.

Lot 3, Block 14, Thomas O. Harland, owner, assessment $22.68.

Lot 4, Block 14, W. E. Fitzgerald, owner, assessment $9.72.

Lots 13, 14, 15, and 16, Block 14, Jessie N. Hunt, owner, assessment, Lot 13, $9.72,

Lot 14, $22.68, Lot 15, $35.64. Lot 16, $48.60, total $116.64.

Lots 5, 6, and 7, Block 15, F. A. Wait owner, assessment, Lot 5, $9.72, Lot 6,
$22.68, Lot 7, $35.64. total $68.04.

Lot 8, Block 15, George Markich, owner, assessment, $48.60.

Lot 9, Block 15, Mrs. Kate Johnson, owner, assessment, $48.60.

Lot 10, Block 15, R. W. Martin, owner, assessment, $35.64.

Lot 11, Block 15, Odd Fellows Lodge, owner, assessment $22.68.

Lot 12, Block 15, Josephine Hinge, owner, assessment $9.72.

Lots 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12, Block 20, Sam Mikulich, owner, assessment Lot 5,

$9.72 Lot 6, $22.68, Lot 7, $35.64. Lot 8, $48.60, Lot 9, $48.60, Lot 10, $35.64, Lot 11,
$22.68, Lot 12, $9.72, total, $233.28.

Lot 1, Block 21, Helen M. Rives, owner, assessment $48.60.

Lots 2 and 3. Block 21, H. C. and Clara Wheeler, owners, assessment, Lot 2, $35.64,
Lot 3, $22.68, total $58.32.

Lot 4, Block 21, R. D. and A. F. Bingham, owners, assessment, $9.72.

North 98.86 feet of Lot 6, Block 21, Earl F. Davison, owner, assessment, $30.14.

Lots 7 and 8, Block 21, Richard Busteed, owner, assessment, Lot 7. $35.64. Lot 8,
$48.60, total $84.24.

Lots 2 and 3, Block 22, J. H. Ladd, owner, assessment, Lot 2, $9.72, Lot 3. $22.68,
total $32.40.

Lots 4 and 5, Block 22, A. C. Delkin, owner, assessment Lot 4, $35.64, Lot 5,
$48.60, total $84.24.

Lot H, Block 22, John F. Fagan, owner, assessment $25.38.

Lot F, J. H. Ladd and A. C. Delkin, owners, assessment $62.76.

Lot G, J. H. Ladd and A. C. Delkin, owners, assessment, $2.81.

Pioneer Heights Addition.

Lot 1, Block 2, J. H. Ladd, A. C. and Eugenia Delkin, owners, assessment, $2.27.

Lots 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7, Block 2, J. H. Ladd and A. C. Delkin, owners, assessment,
Lot 2, $7.78, Lot 3, $11.80, Lot 4, $12.59, Lot 5. $9.72, Lot 6, $6.48, Lot 7, $3.24,
total $51.61.
Lots 23 and 24, Block 3, Earl F. Davison owner, {assessment, Lot 23, $0.82, Lot 24,
$1.44, total $2.26.

Lots 17, 18, 19, 20, and 21, Block 2, J. H. Ladd and A. C. Delkin, owners, assessment
 Lot 17, $15.85, Lot 18, $21.38, Lot 19, $19.38, Lot 20, $16.20, Lot 21, $12.96,
total $85.77.

Lots 22, 23, 24, Block 2, John Van Ryn, owner, assessment, Lot 22, $9.72, Lot 23,
$6.48, Lot 24, $3.24, total $19.44.

Fairview Tract.

Lots 13, 14, 15, and 16, Block 1, John F. Fagan, owner, assessment, Lot 13, $9.72,

 Lot 14, $21.87, Lot 15, $28.77, Lot 16, $30.90, total $91.26.

Lots 13, 14, 15, and 16, Block 2, J. H. Ladd, owner, assessment, Lot 13, $1.62, Lot
14, $9.39, Lot 15, $17.53, Lot 16, $25.67, total $54.21.

Ladd Addition.

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6, Block 1, J. H. Ladd, owner, assessment, Lot 1, $13.22,

Lot 2, $21.36, Lot 3, $29.50, Lot 4, $37.27, Lots 5 and 6, $38.89 each, total $179.13.

Northerly 200 feet of Block 2, J. H. Ladd, owner, assessment, $233.33.

Lot "A" J. H. Ladd and A. C. Delkin, owners, assessment, $8.62.

Lots 1 and 2, Block 6, J. H. Ladd, owner, assessment, $38.89 each, total, $77.78.

Lots 3, 4, 5, and 6, Block Block 6, J. H. Ladd and A. C. Delkin, owners, assessment, 

$38.89 each, total, $155.56.

	

Lots 1 and 2, Block 7, Charity F. Coffey, owner, assessment $38.89 each, total

$77.78.

Lots 3 and 4, Block 7, Harry C. Okey, and Arlie Bell Flesher, owners, assessment,
$38.89 each, total $77.78.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 7, John Horden, owner, assessment, $38.89 each, total $77.78.

Lots 1, 2, 3, and 4, Block 9, J. H. Ladd, owner, assessment $38.89 each, total

$155.56.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 9, Richard Roschl, owner, assessment, $38.89 each, total $77.78.

Lots 1 and 2 Block 10, W. E. Hawkins, owner, assessment, $38.89 each, total $77.78.

Lot 3, Block 10, Las Vegas Home 	Builders, Inc., owner, assessment, $38.89.

Lot 4, Block 10, C. P. Squires, owner, assessment, $38.89.

Lots 5 and 6, Block 10, J. H. Ladd, owner, assessment, $38.89 each, total, $77.78.

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6, Block 19, J. H. Ladd, owner, assessment, $38.89 each,
total $233.34.

Lots, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6, Block 20, J. H. Ladd, owner, assessment, $38.89 each,
total $333.34.

Acreage.

That part of the SW¼ of Sec. 35 T. 20S., R. 61 E., M. D. B. & M. lying east of the
Ladd Addition and not included in the Ladd Addition and fronting on both sides of Fremont
Street, J. H. Ladd, owner, assessment $1607.11.

That part of the NW¼	SW¼ SE¼ of Sec. 35, T. 20 S., &. 61 E., M. D. B. & M., lying

south of Fremont Street and fronting on the south side of Fremont Street, Walter F.

McLallen owner, assessment, $452.45.

W½ W½ NW¼ SE¼ of Sec. 35, T. 20S., R. 61 E., M. D. B. & M., W. W. Cantrell, owner,
assessment $40.15.

That part of the NW½ SW¼ SE¼ of Sec. 35, T. 20S., R. 61 E., M. D. B. & M., lying north
of Fremont Street and fronting on the north side of Fremont Street, Lillian A. Church,
owner, assessment $412.30.

That part of the S½ NE¼ SW¼ SE¼ of Sec. 35, T. 20S., 31. 61 E., M. D. B. & M., lying north
of Fremont Street and fronting on the north side of Fremont Street, W. H. Elwell, owner,
assessment, $387.86.

That part of the  S½ NE¼ SW¼ SE¼ of Sec. 35, T. 20 S., R. 61 E., M. D. B. & M., lying
south of Fremont Street and fronting on the south side of Fremont Street. Carl A. Wescher,
owner, assessment $317.25.

That part of the N½ SE¼ SW¼ SE¼ of Sec. 35, T. 20 S., R. 61 E., M. D. B. & M., lying

south of Fremont Street and fronting on the South side of Fremont Street, Carl A. Wescher,

owner, assessment, $135.20.

SW¼ SE¼ SE¼ of Sec. 35, T. 20 S., R. 61 E., M. D. B. & M., fronting on both sides of
Fremont Street, Robert D. Herman, owner, assessment $904.89.

SE¼ SE¼ SE¼ of Sec. 35, T. 20 S., R. 61 E., H. D. B. & M., fronting on both sides of
Fremont Street, A. E. Harrison, owner, assessment $714.55.

That part	of the N½ SE¼ SW¼ SE¼ of Sec. 35, T. 20 S., R. 61 35., M. D. B. & M., lying

north of Fremont Street and fronting on the north side of Fremont Street, H. J. Woodard,

owner, assessment, $64.59.

Section 7. The total approximate amount to be levied and collected as Special
Assessment a gainst the several lots and premises hereinbefore designated and described for
the purposes aforesaid, is as follows, to-wit: $10,302.90.

Section 8. All assessments when due and payable, as aforesaid, shall be paid to
the County Treasurer and Ex-officio City Treasurer of he City of Las Vegas, who shall, after
 reimbursing the City of Las Vegas for moneys paid out in connection with the making of
said special assessment from such moneys, place the same in said "Las Vegas-Boulder Dam
Highway Redemption Fund," and the same shall be used from time to time on the order of the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in the payment of the interest and principal
 of the bonds issued under the provisions of Section 1 to 14 inclusive of said Chap. 6 of
the 1931 Session Laws of the State of Nevada, and particularly under the provisions of a
Resolution adopted by said Board of City Commissioners on the 5th day of March, 1931, and
proceedings in connection therewith, all as provided for in Sec. 16 of said Chap. 6 of the
1931 Session Laws of the State of Nevada, provided, however, that if it becomes necessary to
draw upon he General Fund of the City of Las Vegas, for the purpose of defraying any part
of the costs and expenses of making any of said improvements as in this Ordinance contained,
that the said General Fund of the City of Las Vegas shall be reimbursed before such funds
are by the said City Treasurer placed in said "Las Vegas-Boulder Dam Highway Redemption
Fund," to the extent of the amount drawn from the General Fund as soon as the amount of 
assessments received shall permit of such reimbursement.

Section 9. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption
 and publication for a period of one week (six issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a daily
newspaper printed and published in said City of Las Vegas.

Section 10. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 177 published
one week (six issues) of the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper, printed and published in the
City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 4th day of September, 1931, by the following vote: 

Commissioners Hansel, German, and His Honor the Mayor, E. W. Cragin, voting aye. Noes none.
First reading August 4, 1931. Second and final reading Sept. 4, 1931.

Approved this 4th day of September, 1931.

E. W. Cragin___________________________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns___________ _______ __________

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA)

County of Clark) ss.

C. P. SQUIRES, being duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is publisher

of the LAS VEGAS AGE, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No.
177, of the City of Las Vegas was published in said newspaper for a period of One week
(six issues) from September 6, 1931 to September 12, 1931 inclusive, being the issues of
said newspaper for the following dates to-wit: September 6, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 1931. That
said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That
the legal charge for publishing the same was $

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th day of Sept. 1931.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)

	ORDINANCE NO. 178.

An Ordinance defining certain crimes and misdemeanors against the peace, health and
safety of the City of Las Vegas, providing punishment therefor and repealing all Ordinances
and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Sec. 1. Persons within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, who have the physical
ability to work, not having visible means of support, living idly, or who are found loitering
 or loafing about the streets, alleys, or public places of said City, or who are
found loafing or loitering habitually in or about dramshops, tippling houses, saloons, 
barrooms, road houses, night clubs, gambling houses, or places where gambling is carried on
or houses of ill fame or places resorted to by persons for purposes of prostitution or
immoral purposes, shall be deemed disorderly persons, and upon conviction thereof before
the Municipal Judge of said City, shall be punished by a fine of not more than three
hundred dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding one hundred fifty days,
or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 2. Any person who shall interfere with, resist, molest or threaten to molest
any officer of said City, in the exercise of his official duties, shall be liable to a
fine in the sum not exceeding One Hundred Dollars ($100.00), or to imprisonment in the
City Jail not more than three months, or to both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 5. Any person or persons escaping or attempting to escape from the City Jail
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine
not to exceed five hundred dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding one
hundred eighty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 4. Any person assisting or attempting to assist any prisoner confined in the
City Jail by sentence or order of the Municipal Courts or other legally constituted tribunal
 to escape therefrom, or rescuing or attempting to rescue any person lawfully in the
custody of any policeman or peace officer is guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction
thereof shall be punished by a fine of not to exceed five hundred dollars, or by imprisonment
 in the City Jail not exceeding one hundred eighty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.
Sec. 5. Every person who wilfully and lewdly either: Exposes his person or the 
private parts thereof in any public place, on in any place where there are present other 
persons to be offended or annoyed thereby; or procures, counsels or assists any person to
expose himself, or to take part in or make any exhibition of himself to public view, or
to the view of any number of persons, such as is offensive to decency, or os adapted to
excite vicious or lewd thoughts or acts; or signs any lewd or obscene song, ballad or
other words, in any public place, or in any place where there are persons present to be
annoyed thereby, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be
punished by a fine of not to exceed three hundred dollars, or by imprisonment in the City
Jail not exceeding One Hundred Fifty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 6. Any person who appears in any public place in the City of Las Vegas in a
disorderly condition or lies sleeps, on any street, sidewalk, alley or other public place
in the said City in a drunken or disorderly condition, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not to exceed three hundred
dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding one hundred Fifty days, or by
both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 7. Any prostitute, or other person solicition for a prostitute or for a place
of prostitution, or any male person who is an habitue of a place of prostitution, or who
shall solicit persons to visit or patronize a prostitute or place of prostitution or who
makes such solicitation upon the streets, or in any public place in the City of Las Vegas,
shall be, guilty of a misdemeanor.

Sec. 8. Any prostitute, pimp, pandered or habitue of a place of prostitution or
any person who solicits for a place of prostitution, who loiters or continues in or about
any public place within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, shall be guilty
of a misdemeanor.

Sec. 9. Any prostitute who shall make any pubic display of herself upon the streets
of the City, or in any public place, or make any signs, or use nay language or do anything
in any manner whereby her calling may be advertised or made known, or call attention to 
herself by loud or boisterous talk or otherwise upon the streets or in any public place within
the City, or who visits or loiters in or about any billiard room or public place or gathering
 within the City shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor for such and every act herein
specified.

Sec. 10. Any person violating any of the provisions of said Sections 7, 8, or 9
of this Ordinance shall upon conviction thereof be punished by a fine of not to exceed
three hundred dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding one hundred fifty
days, or by both such fine and imprisonment. Common reputation for unchastity or 
prostitution and a common reputation of being a pimp, panderer or habitue attending upon or
soliciting for prostitution, shall be prime facie evidence of guilt of any such person
who may be arrested under the provisions of the three preceding sections.

Sec. 11. It shall be unlawful for the owner or person having charge or control
of any house, building, apartment, room or premises to rent or lease any such house, building,
 apartment, room or premises to any person or persons to be used as a place of prostitution
 or to knowingly suffer or permit any such house, building, apartment, room or premises
 to be used for prostitution or for immoral purposes or practices, and any such owner
or person violating any of the provisions of this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not 	to exceed five hundred

dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding one hundred eighty days, or by

both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 12. If any provisions of this ordinance shall be held invalid, it shall not
be construed to invalidate any of the other provisions of this ordinance.

Sec. 13. All ordinance and parts of ordinances in conflict with this Ordinance
are hereby repealed.

Sec. 14. This Ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and 
publication as hereinafter authorized.

Sec. 15. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance

published in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a

period of one week (six issues).

Passed and adopted this 5th day of October, 1931 by the following vote: 
Commissioners Mundy, German, and His honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

First reading September 29, 1931. Second and final reading 5th day October, 1931.

	Approved this 5th day of October 1931.

	E. W. Cragin

Mayor.

Attest:

.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

i

STATE OF NEVADA )

County of Clark ) SS

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, disposes and says; That he is publisher of
the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance No. 178 of the City of Las Vegas

was published in said newspaper for a period of one week from October 7, 1931 to October 13,
1931, inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

Oct. 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 13, 1931.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named,

That the legal charge for publishing the same was $128.35.

Signed C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to Before me this 13th day of October, 1931.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

ORDINANCE NO. 179.

An Ordinance to amend Sections 2, 8 and 10 of Ordinance No. 111 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled; "An Ordinance prohibiting the manufacture, storage, or keeping, sale,
offering or exposing for sale or barter, or other disposal of intoxicating liquors in the
City of Las Vegas; regulating other matters pertaining thereto; providing a penalty for the
violation of this Ordinance, and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
 therewith," approved May 5, 1925.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as Follows:

Section 1. That Section 2 of said Ordinance No. 111 be and the same is hereby
amended to read as follows:

"Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation
 to manufacture, keep or store, sell, offer or expose for sale or barter, or otherwise
 dispose of, except as hereinafter provided, any intoxicating liquors in the City of
Las Vegas or within one mile beyond the city limits of said city; provided, that nothing
in the Ordinance shall prohibit the manufacture, sale, keeping or storing of said
liquors where the manufacture, sale keeping or storing of the same is permitted by the laws
of the State of Nevada or of the United States of America."

Section 2. That Section 8 of said Ordinance No. 111 be and the same is hereby
amended to read as follows:

"Section 8. It shall be unlawful for any person to have upon his person or in
any vehicle, any intoxicating liquors on any public street or alley or in any public place
in the City of Las Vegas, or in any public road, public highway or public place within one
miles beyond the city limits of said city."

Section 3. That Section 10 of said Ordinance No. 111 be and the same is hereby
amended to read as follows:

"Any person who shall violate any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall
be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not less than One Hundred
Dollars ($100.00) nor  more than Four Hundred Ninety-eight Dollars ($498.00), or be imprisoned
 in the City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of not exceeding one day for
each two dollars of such fine in case such fine is not paid, or by imprisonment in the
City Jail not exceeding six months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 4. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption
 and publication for one week (six issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 179 published
one week (6 issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 5th day of October, 1931 by the following vote: 
Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

First reading Sept. 4, 1931. Second reading 5th day of October 1931.

Approved this 5th day of October 1931.

E. W. Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE 0F NEVADA ) SS

County of Clark )

G. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, disposes and says: That he is publisher of
the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 179
of the City of Las Vegas was published in said newspaper for a period of one week from
October 7, 1931 to October 13, 1931 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates to-wit:

October 7, 8, 9, 10,00 and 13, 1931.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the legal charge for publishing the same was $59.50.

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th day of October, 1931.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

ORDINANCE no. 180.

An Ordinance providing for the issuance of bonds of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in the amount of One Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars, ($160,000.00) for the purpose of 
constructing main sanitary outfall sewers and a sewage disposal plant in addition to and also
as an extension of the present sanitary sewer system in said City, prescribing the form
of said bonds and the interest coupons to be thereto attached, and in making provisions
for the levy of a tax to pay the interest as the installments thereof fall due and to
pay the principal at maturity.

Whereas, pursuant to and in strict compliance with the provisions and authority
of the Constitution and Laws of the State of Nevada, including the provisions of Chapter
132 of the laws of 1911 of the State of Nevada, being an Act of the Senate and Assembly
of the State Of Nevada, entitled, "An act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas, in Clark
County, and defining the boundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishing of a city
government therefor, and other matters relating thereto," approved March 16, 1911, and
all acts and parts amendatory thereof and supplemental thereto, the City of Las Vegas was

authorized to issue its bonds for the purposes of constructing a sewerage system (including

 a disposal plant) within said city and waste mains therefrom; and Whereas, pursuant
to each of the requirements of subsection 5 of Section 31 of said Chapter 132 of the laws
of 191.1 of the State of Nevada, as amended by Section 3 of Chapter 215 of the laws of 1931
of the State of Nevada, a special election by the regularly qualified electors of the City
of Las Vegas was duly called and held to determine whether or not bonds of said City in
the total sum of One Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00) as hereinafter described
shall be issued, notice of which election having been first duly given strictly as therein
provided, at which election more than a majority of the votes cast were in favor of the
issuance of said bonds; and Whereas, said bonds are being duly advertised for sale, such
sale to take place on the 14th day of October, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.; and

Whereas, all conditions precedent to the lawful issuance of said bonds have happened

and been duly observed in all things strictly as required by law, therefore,

THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS 0F THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN;

Section l. That for the purposes aforesaid there shall be and there are hereby ordered
and directed to be issued to the purchaser or purchasers at said sale the negotiable coupon
 bonds of said City in the aggregate amount of One Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars
($160,000.00). Said bonds shall be designated "Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds, 1931 issue," and
shall be in the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00) each, numbered one to
one hundred sixty (1-160) inclusive, dated July 1, 1931, and mature and become payable as
follows: Bonds numbered 1 to 8 inclusive shall become due and payable on the first day of
July, 1933; bonds numbered 9 to 16 inclusive shall become due and payable on the first day
of July 1934; bonds numbered 17 to 24 inclusive shall become due and payable on the first
day of July 1935; bonds numbered 25 to 32 inclusive shall become due and payable on the
first day of July, 1936; bonds numbered 33 to 40 inclusive will become due and payable on
the first day of July 1937; bonds numbered 41 to 48 inclusive shall become due and payable
on the first day of July, 1938; bonds numbered 49 to 56 inclusive shall become due and payable
on the first day of July, 1939; bonds numbered 57 to 64 inclusive shall become due and
payable on the first day of July, 1940; bonds numbered 65 to 72 inclusive shall become due
and payable on the first day of July 1941; bonds numbered 73 to 80 inclusive shall become
due and payable on the first day of July, 1942; bonds numbered 81 to 88 inclusive shall
become due and payable on the first day of July 1943; bonds numbered 89 to 96 shall become
due and payable on the first day of July 1944; bonds numbered 97 to 104 shall become due
and payable on the on the first day of July, 1945; bonds numbered 105 to 112 inclusive
shall become due and payable on the first day of July, 1946; bonds numbered 113 to 120
inclusive shall become due and payable on the first day of July, 1947; bonds numbered 121
to 128 inclusive shall become due and payable on the first day of July 1948; bonds numbered
129 to 136 inclusive shall become due and payable on the first day of July, 1949; bonds

numbered 137 to 144 inclusive shall become due and payable on the first day of July, 1950;
bonds numbered 145 to 152 inclusive shall become due and payable on the first day of July,
1951; bonds numbered 153 to 160 inclusive shall become due and payable on the first day of
July, 1952. Each of said bonds shall have coupons attached representing each interest 
installment to date of maturity of the principal. Both principal and interest of said Bonds shall
be payable in lawful money of the United States of America at the office of the City 
Treasurer in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
Section 2. Be it further ordained that said bones and coupons with the necessary 
variations as to numbers and maturities shall be in substantially the following forms
respectively, to-wit:

United States of America
State of Nevada
County of Clark
Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds
1931 Series.

No._______ $1000.00

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that the City of Las Vegas a municipal corporation
duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, acknowledges itself to
be indebted and for value received hereby promises to pay to bearer on the first day of
July 1933 the principal sum of One Thousand Dollars, together with interest thereon from

the date hereof until paid, at the rate of_________________per centum (______%) per annum,

payable semi-annually on the first day of July and the 2nd day of January of each year,
which interest to the date of the maturity of the principal is evidenced by and payable
upon presentation and surrender of the annexed interest coupons as they severally become
due. Both principal and interest of this bond are payable in lawful money of the United
States of America at the office of the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

And for the prompt payment of the principal and interest on bond as they respectively 
become due, the full faith, credit and resources of the said City are hereby irrevocably
pledged. This bond is one of a series of like date, tenor and amount but different maturities,
 issued for the purpose of constructing main sanitary out fall sewers and a sewage
disposal plant in addition to and also as an extension of the present sanitary sewer
system in said City, and pursuant to an election duly called and held at which more than
a majority of the regular qualified electors voted in favor of the Issuance of said bonds,
and proceedings of the Board of City Commissioners duly passed and adopted, and is 
authorized by and issued in full conformity with the requirements of the Constitution and
Laws of the State of Nevada, including Chapter 132 of the Session Laws of the State of
Nevada, including Chapter 132 of the Session Laws of said State for the year 1911, and
all acts of the Legislature amendatory thereof and supplemental thereto. And it is further
certified and recited that all acts, conditions and things required by the Constitution
and Laws of the State of Nevada to exist, happen and to be performed precedent to and in
the issuance of this Bond, have existed, happened and have been performed in the regular
and due form, time and manner as required by law, and that the amount of this bond, 
together with all other indebtedness of said City, does not exceed any constitutional or
statutory limitation.

IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, said Board of City Commissioners of said City have caused
this bond to be signed by the Mayor of said City and countersigned by the City Clerk, and
its corporate seal to be hereto affixed and the interest coupons hereto annexed to be
authenticated with the lithographed facsimile signature of said Mayor and the City Clerk,
and this bond be dated at first day of July, A.D., 1931.

E. W. Cragin
Mayor.

Countersigned:

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

(Form of Coupon)

No ._____ $__________________________________________________________________________

On the 2nd day of January (First day of July) A.D. 19_______, the City of Las Vegas,

in the County of Clark and State of Nevada, will pay the bearer______________Dollars, 

lawful money of the United States of America at the office of the City Treasurer, in the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, being the semi-annual interest then due on its sewerage bond,
dated, July 1. 1931.

E. W. Cragin
Mayor.

Countersigned: Viola Burns, City Clerk.

Section 3. The officials now or hereafter charged by law with the duty of levying
taxes for the payment of said bonds and interest shall in the manner provided by law,
make ab annual levy of an additional tax upon the property, real and personal, within
the limits of the City, sufficient to meet the annual payments or principal and semi-
annual payments of interest on said bonds maturing as herein provided. The proceeds from
the taxes levied shall be kept by the County Treasurer, ex-officio City Treasurer, in a
special fund to be know as "Las Vegas Sewerage Fund," and the funds deposited therein
shall be used only for the payment of interest on said bonds, as the same becomes due
and payable, and in the payment of the principal of and retirement of said bonds as they
respectively become due and payable under the terms of this Ordinance.

Section 4. Be it further ordained that the Mayor and City Clerk are hereby 
authorized to execute said bonds for and on behalf of the City substantially in the manner and
form aforesaid, and to deliver the same to the purchaser or purchasers thereof, upon
payment of the purchase price thereof. The proceeds of the sale of said bonds shall be
placed in a special fund and shall be used exclusively for the purposes above specified in
such manner and to such extent as the Board of Commissioners may by ordinance, order or
resolution from time to time direct.

Section 5. The Ordinance shall take effect immediately after its adoption,
approval and publication in Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas for one week (6 issues).

Section 6. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance published
in Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
for one week, (6 issues).

Passed and adopted this 5th day of October, A.D. , 1931 by the following vote:
Commissioners Mundy and German and his Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

First reading Sept. 4, 1931.

Second and final reading Oct. 5, 1931.

Approved this 5 day of October, 1931. E. W. Cragin	

City Clerk	(City Seal)	Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

__________________________________________________________________________________
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE 0F NEVADA ) ss
County of Clark )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foremen of the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of from Oct 6th to 12th inclusive
 from Oct 6th to Oct 12th inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: Oct 6-7-8-9-10-12th.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above

 named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th day of October, 1931.

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County,

Nevada.

My Commission Expires Dec. 29, 1934.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 181.



An Ordinance prohibiting loitering, picketing or displaying banners, signs or
transparencies, or speaking in the public streets in a loud and unusual tone, for certain
purposes.

WHEREAS, it is in the interest of the peace and good order of the people of the
Las Vegas that the streets of the city be kept free and unobstructed to the public and

that as far as maybe possible on use of the streets should be permitted that tends to
create disorder or to offend, embarrass or intimidate persons using the same for lawful and

proper purposes, and

WHEREAS, in regulating the use of the public streets the interest of the general
public must be regarded as paramount to those of the individuals, groups of individuals,
or organizations representing special interests however lawful and commendable in object
and purpose,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, as follows:

Section. 1 It shall be unlawful for any person, in or upon any public street, alley
or public place within the City of Las Vegas, to make any loud or unusual noise, or to
speak in a loud or unusual tone, or to cry out or proclaim, for the purpose of inducing
or influencing, or attempting to induce or influence, any person to refrain from purchasing
or using any goods, wares, merchandise or other article or articles, or for the purpose
of inducing or influencing, or attempting to induce or influence, any person to refrain
from doing or performing any service or labor in any works, factory, place of business or
employment, or for the purpose of intimidating, threatening or coercing any person who
is performing, seeking or obtaining service of labor or employment in any works, factory,
place of business or employment.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, in or upon any public street,
alley or public place within the City of Las Vegas, to loiter in front of, or in the vicinity
 of, or to picket in front of, or in the vicinity of, or to carry, show, or display
any banner, transparency or sign in front of, or in the vicinity of, any works, factory,
or any place of business or employment, for the purpose of inducing or influencing, or
attempting to induce or influence, any person to refrain from entering any such works,
or factory or place of business or employment, or for the purpose of inducing or influencing,
 or attempting to induce or influence, any person to refrain from purchasing any goods,
wares, merchandise or other articles, manufactured, made or sold or kept for sale, therein,
or for the purpose of inducing or influencing or attempting to induce or influence, any
person to refrain from doing or performing any service or labor in any works, factory,
or place of business or employment, or for the purpose of intimidating, threatening, or
coercing any person who is performing, seeking or obtaining, service, labor or employment
in any such works, factory, place of business or employment.

Section 3. Any person violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine
of not more than One Hundred Dollars ($100.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for
a period of not more than fifty (50) days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 4. WHEREAS, the immediate operation of the provisions of this Ordinance
is necessary for the preservation of the public peace, health and safety, an emergency is
hereby declared to exist and this Ordinance shall be in full force and effect from and
after its passage and approval and publication for one week (six issues) in Las Vegas
Age, a daily newspaper printed and published in Las Vegas, Nevada.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 21st day of October, 1931, upon
the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas, Hansell and His Honor the Mayor
E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

First and final reading October 21, 1931.

Approved this 21 day of October, 1931.

E. W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal).
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA	)ss

County of Clark	)

C. P. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher
of the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
No. 181 of the City of Las Vegas, was published in said newspaper for a period of one
week, from Oct. 22, 1931 to Oct. 29, 1931 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates to-wit:

Oct. 22, 23, 24, 25, 27, 28, 29, 1931.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the legal charge for publishing the same was $

Signed C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th day of October, 1931.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County
Nevada.

My Commission expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 182.

An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Section 4 of Ordinance No. 129 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Sections 2 and 19
of Ordinance No. 36, entitled "An Ordinance providing for the issuance of plumbing and
sewer connection permits, for the inspection of plumbing and sewer connections and for the
regulation and construction of of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas," and further
amending said ordinance by adding thereto two sections to be knows as 2a and 2b respectively,
 and to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain:

Section 1. Section 4 of said Ordinance No. 129 is hereby amended, revised, and
re-enacted so that the same shall read as follows:

Section 4. Said Ordinance is hereby amended, revised, and re-enacted by adding
thereto a new section to be knows as 2b to read as follows:

Section 2b. It shall be unlawful to install any gas piping in the City of Las
Vegas without first securing a permit to do the same, except where gas is supplied to a
consumer from individual tanks. The fee for such permit shall be One Dollar ($1.00), which
will include the inspection of said installation. All piping shall be uniformly graded to
the meter and shall be securely strapped, no piping shall be less than one-half inch.

Stove outlets shall be not less than three-quarters of an inch. No gas water heaters shall

be located in any bath room, nor shall one be placed nearer than six inches to any wood,
or lath and plaster partition or wall, nor nearer than three inches to any asbestos or
metal covered lath and plaster or wood partition or wall. All gas water heaters shall be

vented to and above	the roof. Where such vent is of sheet iron it shall be not less than six

inches from any wood work. Gas piping shall be of the following sizes and runs:

For each gas grate, gas log, or gas heating stove, combination boiler and water
heater, or non automatic water heater, allow three burners and for each gas cook stove
or hot plate, allow ten burners. For each automatic or automatic thermal gas water
heater allow eight burners for each one half inch opening of heater; twenty-five burners
for each three-quarters inch opening; forty-five burners for each one inch opening; eighty
burners for each one and one-quarter inch opening; two hundred burners for each one and
one-half inch opening.

Size of pipe	Length allowed	Number of burners,

 ½ in.	40	ft.	8

¼ in.	80	ft.	25

1	in.	100	ft.	45

It in.	150	ft.	80

1½ in.	250	ft.	250

2	in.	400	ft.	500

No union joints permitted in any gas mains. All gas piping shall be tested under
pressure of Five pounds or more by a mercury column equal to said pressure.

There shall be an inspection before any of the piping is covered and a final 
inspection and test after a first coat of plaster has been applied.

Said above-mentioned fee shall be paid into the office of the Plumbing Inspector,
and such Plumbing Inspector shall, be virtue of his office, have charge of the inspection
of the installation of gas piping under the regulations set forth in this ordinance.

When upon examination by the Plumbing Inspector it appears that any gas fitting work
is defective, either in construction or material, the same shall be altered or repaired to
conform to the regulations of this ordinance.

When any gas piping or gas fitting for the installation or alteration of which a
permit has been issued shall be found on inspection to conform to the regulations of this
Ordinance, the Plumbing Inspector shall issue a certificate of inspection certifying that
such piping or fittings have been inspected and found to comply with the terms of this
Ordinance, but no such certificate shall be granted until such piping or fittings, respectively,
 are found to conform to said regulations. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm
or corporation to use any gas through or by means of any piping or fittings in any building,
 or to furnish or supply gas to be used through or by means of such pipes or fittings

until the same shall have been inspected approved by the Plumbing Inspector and the 
certificate hereinbefore provided	shall have been issued therefor.

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage and adoption and publication for one week (six issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a
daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 26th day day of October, 1931, upon the following vote:
Commissioners Mundy, Thomas Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye.

Noes none.

First reading Sept. 17th, Second and final reading October 26th, 1931.

Approved this 26th day of October, 1931.

E. W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss
County of Clark )

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, disposes and says: That he is 
publisher of the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and 
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance No. 182 was published in said newspaper for a period of one week from Oct. 27
to Nov. 1, 1931 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates
to-wit: Oct. 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, and Nov. 1, 1931.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the legal charge for publishing the same was $

Signed___C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 8th day of Dec. 1931

C. D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 183.

"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, to amend Sections IV and V of Ordinance
No. 168 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An ordinance of the Commission of the City
of Las Vegas, establishing a residence district, industrial and commercial districts
within the said City of Las Vegas; defining such districts; declaring it unlawful to erect
establish, maintain, or operate certain factories, works, or establishments within said
residence districts and said commercial districts; regulating the erection, establishment
maintenance and operation and rebuilding of certain works or establishments in said 
districts; providing a penalty for the violation of said ordinance, and repealing ordinances
in conflict therewith."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section IV of said Ordinance No. 168 is hereby amended so that the
same shall read as follows: Section IV. it shall be unlawful for any person, firm,
or corporation to erect, establish, maintain, operate, or carry on, within the residence
districts described in Section 1 hereof, any industrial business, or commercial establishment
 of any kind whatsoever, except with the approval of the Board of City Commissioners
 of the City of Las Vegas and with the written consent of the owners of more than
fifty (50%) per cent of the area of the land within a radius of 500 feet of such proposed
industrial business or commercial establishments, exclusive however, of land used for
public streets, highways, or alleys and land used for railroad, interurban railroad, or
street railroad rights of ways; provided, however, that said Board of Commissioners may
not grant its approval for the erection, establishment, maintenance, or operation, within
the said residential districts of any gaming house or amusement establishment, or of any
of the factories, works, plants, or establishments named in Section 17 hereof; and provided,
 further, that the provisions of this Section shall not apply to any industrial
business or commercial establishment that is being operated, maintained, or carried on
within said residential districts at the time of the adoption of this Ordinance; and
provided further that the Board of City Commissioners of the City shall have the power
from time to time, by resolution, to fix and regulate the location of, and to prohibit
in certain portions thereof, gaming houses and places where gaming of any kind is carried
on within the commercial and/or industrial districts."

Section 11. Section V of said Ordinance No. 168 is hereby amended so that the same
shall read as follows: "Section V. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation
 to erect, establish, operate, carry on, or maintain any of the following named
factories, plants, works, or establishments within the City of Las Vegas, except within
the boundaries of the said industrial districts; to-wit: fireworks factories, shoe factory,
 rolling mill, furniture factory, camp ground, planing mill, gas factory or plant,
gas works, soap factory, glue factory, tallow rendering establishments, wholesale dye or
cleaning establishments employing five persons or more, tannery, foundry, oil well, oil
refinery, any plant for the storage of more than 2200 gallons of oil, gasoline, coal oil
or other petroleum product or products, cannery, winery, fertilizer factory, carpet
beating establishments, public hay barn, mattress factory, rock crusher, lumber yard,
public laundry or wash house, any plant for the manufacture of shoe blackening, insect
poison or exterminator, tar roofing or water proofing, rubber or gutta percha, creosote,
stove polish, paint, shellac, varnish, vinegar, storage batteries, gelatine or sizing,
lampblack, peroxylin, tar asphalt, disinfectants, printing ink, sulphuric acid, nitric
acid, hydrochloric acid, yeast, soda, dye-stuffs, brich, steel tanks, tile or terra
cotta; any stone yard, monument works asphalt, refinery, ice plant, ice storage house
of more than five tons capacity, potash works, tar distillation, wool pulling or scouring,
 crematory, mortuary; and plant for the distillation of bonds, coal or wood, wrecked
automobile storage yard, building material storage yard, milk distributing station,
plating works, curing or storage of raw hides or skins, bottling works; carting, express,
hauling or storage yard; contractor's plant or storage yard; cooperage works, oiled, rubber
 or leather goods factory, coal, coke or wood yard, acetylene gas manufacture or
storage, bakery, wholesale, employing more than five people, wholesale poultry house,
bowling alley above ground level, burlap manufacture or bag cleaning, ammonia, bleaching
powder, chlorine manufacture, boiler works, any kind of manufacture or treatment other
than the manufacture of treatment of products purely incidental to the conduct of a
retail business conducted on the premises, provided such industrial use occupies more
than 20 per cent of the floor space of the buildings on such premises; any trade industry
 or use that is noxious or offensive by reason of the emission of odor, dust,
smoke or noise; provided, however, that the provisions of this Section shall not apply
to any works, factory, or establishment of any of the kinds or varieties in this Section
enumerated where such works, factory, or establishment is now being maintained, operated
or carried on at the time of the adoption of this Ordinance.

Section 111. This Ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and
publication as hereinafter authorized.

Section IV. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance
 published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of one week (six issues).

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for a first time at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 26th day of October, 1931, and was passed upon second reading November 4th, 1931
on the following vote: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin
voting aye. Noes none.

Approved this 4th day of November 1931.

E. W. Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal).

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss
County of Clark )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; That he is foreman of the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was. continuously published in said newspaper for a period of six days, from Nov 6th to
12th inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Nov
6-7-9-10-11-12

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th day of December, 1931.

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in end for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires, Dec 28 1934
(Notarial Seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 164.

An Ordinance to amend Section 7 of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the purpose of regulation
 and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted
or carried on within the corporate limits of the City of Lias Vegas, State of Nevada,
fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said
of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying or or conducting any such business
without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14 and 35," as amended by
Section 1 of Ordinance No. 81 of said City, by herein amending certain subdivisions
thereof and by adding certain other subdivisions, and to amend said Ordinance No. 48
by adding two new Sections to be known as Sections Nos. 10a and 10b respectively, and to
repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as Follows:

Section 1. The following subdivisions of said Section 7 of said Ordinance No. 48
as amended by said Ordinance No. 81, are hereby amended so that the same shall read
as follows:

Amended:

(6)	For each newspaper and job printing establishment $15.00 per quarter.

(7)	For each shooting gallery $25.00 per quarter

(l0) For each theatre and moving picture show $25.00 per quarter

(14)	For each telephone business $25.00 Per quarter

(15)	For each Electrical light business $25.00 per quarter

(22) For each manufacturer of soda water, or other or any soft drinks $5.00 per quarter

(24) For each blacksmith or general repair shop $5.00 per quarter

(26) For each clothes cleaning shop $15.00 per quarter. For each tailoring establishment
 $5.00 per quarter. For each clothes cleaning shop and tailoring establishment combined
 $18.00 per quarter.

(28)	For each bootblack stand permitted by ordinance of the City $3.00 per quarter.

(29)	For each Hospital $15.00 per quarter.

(30) For each gas manufacturing or gas distributing plant distributing to customers
through a system of gas mains and gas distributing pipes laid in the streets and/or
alleys $10.00 per quarter.

(31) For each lawyer $5.00 per quarter

(32) For each physician and/or surgeon $5.00 per quarter

(33) For each dentist $5.00 per quarter

(42) For every traveling merchant, hawker, peddler, or vendor, street fakir or advertiser,
 who advertises goods, wares or merchandise of any kind by music, singing or dancing
jugglery, tricks, sleight of hand, buffoonery, gymnastics or any spectacular display,
show or performance, or by speeches or oratory, or by any performance upon the streets
calculated to draw a crowd of people about those calling or advertising wares as aforesaid
shall pay a license in the sum of twenty-five dollars per day, and shall also secure a
permit to occupy street space as required by other ordinances of the City.

The following subdivisions are hereby added to said Section 7 of said Ordinance No.

48, namely:

(47)	For	each	skating rink at a fixed place of business $10.00 per quarter.

(48)	For	each	oculist $5.00 per quarter.

(49)	For	each	auctioneer $125.00 per quarter or fraction thereof.

(50)	For	each	architect $5.00 per quarter.

(51)	For	each assayer $5.00 per quarter.

(52)	For	each massage parlor $5.00 per quarter.

(53)	For	each trade college, trade school, business school or business college

where instructions are given in any trade or occupation, for which a fee is charged $10.00
per quarter.

(54)	For	each	public accountant $5.00 per quarter.

(55)	For	each	chiropodist $5.00 per quarter.

(56)	 For	each	drugless practitioner, provided, however that this subdivision

shall not apply to persons who treat the sick through prayer or spiritual means, $5.00
per quarter.

(57) For each chiropractor $5.00 per quarter.

(58)	For	Each	osteopath $5.00 per quarter.

(59)	For	each	accountant $5.00 per quarter.

(60)	For	each	advertising business or advertising counsel $5.00 per quarter.

(61)	For	each	collection agency or mercantile agency $10.00 per quarter.

(62)	For	each	designer or decorator $5.00 per quarter.

(63)	For	each	building contractor $15.00 per quarter.

(64)	For	each	person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on the

business of paving or macadamizing contractor $25.00 per quarter.

(65)	Any other contractor not specifically licensed by this or any other ordinance
 of the City of Las Vegas $12.50 per quarter.

(66)	For	each	cabinet shop, carpenter shop, or upholstery shop $5.00 per quarter.

(67)	For	each	nursery where plants, flowers, ferns, trees or other plants are

cultivated, grown or propagated for the purpose of sale $3.00 per quarter.

(68)	Every person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on the
business of an auto camp or tourist camp shall pay a quarterly license fee as follows:

$5.00 per quarter from four to eight guest rooms inclusive;

$7.50 per quarter from nine to eighteen guest rooms inclusive;

$10.00 per quarter from nineteen to thirty quest room inclusive;

$12.50 per quarter from thirty-one to fifty guest room inclusive;

$15.00 per quarter from fifty-one to eighty guest rooms inclusive;

$17.50 per quarter for those who have eighty-two guest rooms or over.

For the purpose of this subdivision the words "auto camp" and "tourist camp"

shall be construed as meaning by place where tents or cabins are rented to the general
public.
(69)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of a cold
storage or refrigerating plant, for the purpose of storing fruits, vegetables, meats,
fish, eggs, or dairy products, or any other merchandise, shall pay a quarterly license
fee of $1.00 for each 1000 square feet of floor area or fraction thereof, with a minimum
quarterly tax of $6.25.

(70)	Every person engaged in the business of renting or selling outdoor advertising
 space, whether billboard or electric signs, shall pay a quarterly license fee of 3½ cents
 per square yard of the front surface, with a minimum quarterly license fee of
$12.50.

(71)	For each locksmith $5.00 per quarter.

(72)	For every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of house
moving shall pay a quarterly license fee of $25.00 per quarter, and in addition thereto
shall maintain on deposit with the City Clerk a bond in the penal sum of $1000.00 
executed by a surety company authorized to fo business in the State of Nevada for the then
current year, indemnifying the city against injury or damage to pavements or other public
property and all other persons, firms or corporations against injury or damage to person
or property occurring while any house is being moved on to, along or off any public street
In the event of a recovery by said City or any private person, firm or corporation on
said bond the said bond or a similar substitute shall be restored immediately to raid
penal sum of $1000.00.

(73)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of house
wrecking or salvaging shall pay a quarterly license fee of $12.50 per quarter.

(74)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of natatorium
or swimming poll or tank, where a fee or charge is made for the use thereof or where
rooms, lockers or bathing suits are rented in connection therewith, shall pay a quarterly
license fee of $5.00 per quarter.

(75)	Every automobile ticket agency or transportation agency, except when
conducted by the owner of the transportation agency line, shall pay a quarterly license
fee of $5.00 per quarter.

(76)	For each public stenographer $5.00 per quarter.

(77)	For each insurance adjuster or insurance adjusting agency $5.00 per quarter.

(78)	For each automobile reclaiming agency $5.00 per quarter.

(79)	For each bail bond broker or bail bond brokerage business $15.00 per quarter.

(80)	For each painting or decorating contractor $5.00 per quarter.

(81) For each amusement park charging admission to the grounds $5.00 per quarter.

(82) For each private detective agency, bureau or business $25.00 per quarter.

(83) For each abstract and/or title company doing business, maintaining an 
agency, or operating in the City of Las Vegas, $15.00 per quarter.

(84)	For each brick yard, pressed brick plant or adobe or concrete block manufacturing
 plant $10.00 per quarter.

(85)	For each operating creamery $6.00 per quarter.

(86)	For each marble and/or granite workers shop $5.00 per quarter.

(87)	For each planing mill allowed by law $5.00 per quarter.

(88)	For each automobile painting and/or sign painting establishment $5.00 per

quarter.

(89)	For each water company $25.00 per quarter.

(90)	For each welding and/or iron works $5.00 per quarter.

(91)	For each hairdressing or beauty parlor or both, whether operated in 
connection with a barber shop or separately $10.00 per quarter.

(92)	Every person conducting managing or carrying on the business of distributing
advertising samples, handbills, dodgers or printed matter of any kind, shall pay a
quarterly license fee of $3.00 per quarter.

(93)	Every person, firm or corporation conducting managing or carrying on any
business not specifically licensed by this ordinance, or any other ordinance of the
City of Las Vegas, shall pay a quarterly license fee of $5.00 per quarter.

(94)	Nothing in this section contained shall be deemed or construed as applying

to any	person engaged in	any	of the professions or occupations hereinbefore enumerated,

solely as an employee of any other person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or

carrying on any such business in the City of Las Vegas, unless specifically so provided
herein.

Section 2. Said Ordinance No. 48 is hereby amended by adding a new section
thereto to be known as Section 10a, which shall read as follows:

Section 10a. Every license fee required hereunder which is not paid within a
	period	of	ten (10) days from the time the same becomes due and payable is hereby declared

		to	be delinquent, and the City Clerk shall thereupon add to said license fee and

collect a penalty of twenty-five percent (25%) of such license fee so delinquent, and
such penalty may also be recovered in any civil action brought in the name of the City
of Las Vegas for the recovery of the amount of the license tax imposed by this ordinance.

Section 3. Said Ordinance No. 38 is hereby amended by adding a new section
thereto to be known as Section 10b, which shall read as follows:

Section 10b. Every person, having a license under the provisions of this
ordinance and carrying on a business at a fixed place of business shall keep such license
posted and exhibited, while in force, in some conspicuous place in said place of business.
Every person having such license and not having a fixed place of business shall carry
such license with him at all times while carrying on the business for which the same is
granted.

Section 4. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are
hereby repealed.

Section 5. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after the
31st day of December, 1931, and after the passage thereof shall be published for a
period of one week (6 issues) in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper 
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.
Passed by the Board of City Commissioners this 22nd day of December, 1931, upon the
following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German and His Honor the Mayor, voting aye.

Noes none.

First reading No. 20th, 1931. Second and final reading, Dec. 22, 1931.

Approved:

E. W. Cragin.

Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman
of the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation,
printed at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of six days from Dec 23rd to
Dec. 29th 1931 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:
Dec 23-24-25-26-28-29- 1931.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th day of December 1931

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires Dec 28 1934.

(Notarial Seal)

	ORDINANCE NO. 185.

	An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Sections Nos. 2 and 10 of Ordinance

 No. 111 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance prohibiting the manufacture,
 storage, or keeping sale offering or exposing for sale of barter, or other
disposal of intoxicating liquors in the City of Las Vegas, regulating other matters
pertaining thereto; providing a penalty for the violation of this Ordinance, and repealing
 all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," approved May 5,

1925, as amended by Ordinance No. 179; and to repeal all ordinances and parts of 
ordinances in conflict therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section 2 of said Ordinance No. 111, as amended by Section 1 of 
Ordinance No. 179 of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so
that the same shall read as follows:

"Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation
to manufacture, keep or store, sell, offer or expose for sale or barter, or otherwise
dispose of, except as hereinafter provided, any intoxicating liquors in the City of Las
Vegas; provided that nothing in this Ordinance shall prohibit the manufacture, sale,
keeping or storing of said liquors where the manufacture, sale, keeping or storing of
the same is permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada or of the United States of
America."

Section 2. Section 8 of said Ordinance No. 111, as amended by Section 2
of Ordinance No. 179 of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted
so that the seme shall read as follows:

"Section 8. It shall be unlawful for any person to have upon his person or in
any vehicle, any intoxicating liquors on any public street, or alley, or in any public
place in the City of Las Vegas."

Section 3. Section 10 of said Ordinance No. 111, as amended by Section 3 of
Ordinance No. 179 of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted
so that the same shall read as follows:

"Section 10. Any person who shall violate any of the provisions of this 
Ordinance shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not less
than One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) nor more than Four Hundred Ninety-nine Dollars
($499.00) or be imprisoned in the City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of not
exceeding one day for each two dollars of such fine in case suck fine is not paid or by
imprisonment in the City Jail not exceeding six month, or by both such fine and 
imprisonment."

Section 4. All ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are
hereby repealed.	

Section 5. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption
and publication for one week (six issues) in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 6. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 185 published
one week (6 issues) in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.



 	

Passed end adopted this 4 day of February A.D. 1932 by the following vote: 
Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting Aye. Noes 
Commissioners Mundy and German.

First reading December 4, 1931. Second reading February 4th, 1932.

Approved this 4th day of February, 1932.

E. W. Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE 0F NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark )

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 185
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada was published in said newspaper for a period of one
week from Feb. 10 1932 to Feb. 17 1932 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates to-wit: Feb. 10-11-12-13-14-16-17 1932.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the legal charge for the publishing the same was $78.00.

Signed C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of March 1932.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.
(Notarial Seal)

 ORDINANCE NO. 186.



An Ordinance to prohibit the sale or keeping for sale of fireworks in the City
of Las Vegas, and prescribing a punishment therefor.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person, persons, firm, company, 
corporation or association, within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, to keep for sale
at retail or to sell at retail any rocket, squib, firecracker, Roman candle, torpedo
or other fireworks or substance designated or intended for pyrotechnic display.

Section 2. Any person or persons, firm, company, corporation, association
who or which shall violate any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be guilty of
a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less
then $10.00 or more than $100.00, or be imprisoned in the City Jail not less than five
or more than fifty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 3. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force upon and after
its passage and publication one week (6 issues) in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper
published in said City of Las Vegas.

The foregoing ordinance was adopted at a recessed regular meeting of the
said Board held on the 13th day of April, 1932, as an emergency Ordinance, pursuant
to a Resolution adopted making same and emergency ordinance upon the vote of the
entire Board. The vote on said Ordinance was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Mundy,
German, Thomas and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

First reading April 13th, 1932.

	_____Viola Burns City Clerk

(City Seal)

	Approved this 13th day of April, 1932.

E. W. Cragin
Mayor.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss
County of Clark)

C. P. Squires, being duly sworn, disposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 186
was published in said newspaper for a period of one week from April 14th, 1932

to April 21, 1932 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates

 to-wit: April 14, 15, 16, 17, 19, 20 and 21, 1932

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the legal charge for publishing the same was

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st day of April 1932.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

Notarial Seal.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

	ORDINANCE NO. 187.

An Ordinance creating the office of Fire Marshal, and defining his powers and
duties.

THE BOARD 0F COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That there is hereby created the office of Fire Marshall. The Fire
Marshal shall be a member of the Las Vegas Fire Department and shall be appointed
by the Board of City Commissioners. The Fire Marshal shall at all times answerable
to the Chief of the Fire Department, and shall follow and obey his instructions.

Section 2. It shall be the duties of the Fire Marshall to enforce all laws
and Ordinances of the City of Las Vegas, covering the following:

1.	The prevention of fires.

2.	The storage and use of explosives and inflammables.

3.	The installation and maintenance of automatic and other fire alarm systems,
and fire extinguishing equipment.

4. The maintenance and regulation of fire escapes.

5. The means and adequacy of exit in case of fire, from factories, schools,
hotels, lodging houses, asylums, hospitals, churches, halls, theaters, 
amphitheaters, and all other places in which numbers of persons work, live
or congregate from time to time, for any purpose.

6.	The investigation of the cause, origin, and circumstances of fires.

He shall have such other power and perform such other duties as may be set
forth in other section s of this ordinance, and as may be conferred and imposed from time
to time by law. The Chief of the Fire Department may delegate any of his powers or duties
under this ordinance to the Fire Marshal.

Nothing herein provided shall in any way be construed to restrict or limit
any of the duties or powers heretofore imposed or conferred upon the Building Inspector
of the City of Las Vegas, but shall be deemed to be concurrent therewith. Said Fire 
Marshal shall be allowed such compensation as may be determined by said Board, from time
to time, or may serve without compensation.

Section 3. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after
its passage and publication for one week (six issues) in Las Vegas Review-Journal, a
daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of said City, held on the 4th day of May, 1932, upon the following vote: Commissioners
Mundy, German, Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

First reading May 3, 1932.

Second reading May 4th, 1932.

Approved this 4th day of May, 1932.

E. W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
County of Clark)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
Las Vegas Evening-Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of six days from May 5th
to May 11th inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:
May 5-6-7-9-10-11 1932.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st day of June, 1932.

My Commissioner expires Dec 28 1934. A. E. Cahlan

(Notarial Seal)	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO. 188.

An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Section 5 of Ordinance No. 166 of the
City of Las Vegas, and to repeal all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict
therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section 5 of Ordinance No. 166 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled:

"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the erection, construction, enlargement
alteration, repair, moving, removal, demolition, conversion, occupancy, equipment, use,
height, area, and maintenance of all buildings and/or structures in the City of Las Vegas;
providing for the issuance of permits, and collection of fees therefor; providing penalties
for the violation thereof; declaring and establishing Fire Zones; Repealing Ordinances
Nos. 144-27-59-61 and 72 of the City of Las Vegas and all other Ordinances and parts of
ordinances in Conflict therewith," shall be the same and the same is hereby amended, 
revised and re-enacted so that the same shall read as follows:

"Section 3. That the entire incorporate area of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
declared to be and is hereby established as a Fire District and said Fire District shall be
known and designated as Fire Zones 2 and 5, and each such zone shall include such territory
or portions of said City as illustrated, outlined an designated on a certain map on file
in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated as
"Map Showing Fire Zones City of Las Vegas, Nev. as amended in connection with Ordinance
No. 188 of said City," which is hereby adopted as the fire zoning map of the City of Las
Vegas for the application of the regulations included in the "Uniform Building Code,

1930 Edition, published May 1930, by Pacific Coast Building Officials' Conference."

Section 2. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby
repealed. But it is specifically provided that neither the amendment hereby made to said
Ordinance nor may repeal hereby provided shall effect in any way any prosecution for the
violation of said Ordinance pending pending at the time of the going into effect of this
Ordinance.

Section 5. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and
adoption and publication for one week (six issues) in Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 9th day of May 1932, upon the following vote: 
Commissioners Mundy and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. noes none.

First reading November 20th, 1931.	

Second and final reading May 9th, 1932.

Approved:

E. W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss
County of Clark)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of
the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of six days from May 10 to
May 16th, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

May 10-11-12-15-14-16, 1932.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above

named.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st day of June, 1932.

	A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commissioner Expires
Dec. 28 1934.

(Notarial Seal)
ORDINANCE. NO. 189.

An Ordinance to amend Section III of Ordinance No. 168 of said City, entitled, "An
Ordinance of the Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, establishing a residence district,
industrial and commercial districts within the sad City of Las Vegas; defining such districts;
 declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain or operate certain factories
works or establishments within said residence districts and said commercial districts;
regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and rebuilding of certain
works or establishments in said districts; providing penalties for the violation of said
Ordinance, and repealing Ordinances in conflict there, approved April 22, 1931.

	The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. That section III of said Ordinance No. 168 be and the same is hereby
amended so that the same shall read as follows:

III

That the industrial districts are hereby created and established within the said
City as described as follows:

All that portion of the City of Las Vegas west of the East property line of Main
Street, north of Charleston Boulevard, (except the Original Townsite; H. F. M. & M.
Addition; Valley View Addition; Woodland Park) and that portion west of prolongation of
Main Street south of Charleston Boulevard.

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and
publication hereinafter authorized, and this Ordinance is passed as and emergency 
Ordinance under the provisions of a Resolution adopted by the Board of City Commissioners
on this 21st day of July, 1932.

Section 3. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance

published in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, for a
period of one week (six issues).

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at
a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 21st day of July, 1932, and was passed as an emergency Ordinance upon the
second reading on said last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners German,
Hansell, Thomas, Mundy and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Viola Burns

City Clerk

(City Seal)

Approved this 21st day of July, 1932.

E. W. Cragin

Mayor.



AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark )

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn deposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No.

189 was published in said newspaper for a period of six insertions from July 23rd 1932
to July 29th, 1932, inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: July 23, 24, 26, 27, 28, 29, 1932.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named. That the legal charge for publishing the same was $55.30.

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 8th day of August 1932.

 C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commissioner Expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 190.

An Ordinance to amend Section LXXXIII of Ordinance No. 170 of the City of Las Vegas.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That Section LXXXIII of Ordinance No. 170 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, regulating travel and traffic upon the
public street; establishing a central traffic district; and providing a penalty for the 
breach of any of the rules or regulations regarding traffic in this Ordinance provided,
and repealing Ordinances Nos. 66-68-69-86- 90-94-120-124-125-127-141, and 143 of the
City of Las Vegas, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith,"
be and the same is hereby amended so that the same shall read as follows:

Section LXXXIII. Obstructions of Street, etc.

It shall be unlawful for person or persons, firm, company, or corporation
to occupy any part or portion of any street, alley, sidewalk, sidewalk space, court,
public park or grounds, within the City of Las Vegas, for the purpose of keeping or 
maintaining any newspaper stand, bootblack stand, drinking stand, popcorn stand, weighing
machine, automatic vending machine, sandwich wagon or any stand for the sale of notions
or other articles of goods wares or merchandise or any similar obstruction except that
oil and gas vending tanks and equipment may be maintained on the curb line on main Street
in said City.

Section 2. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage and publication for one week (six issues) in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of said City, held on the 21st day of July, 1932 upon the following vote: Commissioners
German, Mundy, Thomas, Hansell His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

First reading June 23, 1932.

Second and final reading July 21st, 1932.

Approved this 21st day of July, 1932.

E. W. Cragin

Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE 0F NEVADA) ss
County of Clark )

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn deposes and says; That he is publisher of the
 Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 190
was published in said newspaper for a period of six insertions from July 23rd 1932, to
July 29th, 1932 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit:	July 23, 24, 26, 27, 28, 29, 1932.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the legal charge for publishing the same was $50.40.

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 8th day of August, 1932.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)
	ORDINANCE NO. 191.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas to amend, revise and re-enact Section l of 
Ordinance No. 92 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas 
establishing a City Dump Ground and regulating the removal and disposal of rubbish, etc."

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DC ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That Section 1 of the above-entitled Ordinance No. 92 be and the same
 is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that the same shall read as follows:

"Sec. 1. That the City Dump Grounds for ashes, paper, straw, manure, rags, boxes,
scrap metal, and like material, and rubbish of all kinds, collected by the City and
private conveyances, from the streets, alleys, and other public and private places and
premises in the said City, be and the same is hereby established at and on that certain
piece or parcel of land, owned by the City of Las Vegas, situate without the corporate
limits of said City of las Vegas, and more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

The Southwest Quarter (SW¼) of the Southwest Quarter (SW¼) of Section One (1), 
Township twenty-one (21) South, Range sixty-one (61) East, Mount Diablo Base and Meridian;

Clark County, Nevada. The provisions of this ordinance shall not interfere with the
provisions of any contract with said City for the gathering and disposal of garbage,
now in existence or hereafter entered into with said City."

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in operation on and after
its adoption and publication for one week (six weeks) in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper
 published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed by the Board or City Commissioners this 6th day of September, 1932, upon
the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

	First reading August 11, 1932.

Second and final reading September 6, 1932.

Approved September 6, 1932.

E. W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk
By Mary Taylor,

Deputy.

(City Seal)	AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA )ss
County of Clark )

C. P. Squires being duly sworn, deposes and says: "that he is publisher
of the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 191 of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada was published in said newspaper for a period of one week,
from September 9, 1932 to September 15, 1932 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: September, 9, 10, 11, 13, 14, 15, 1932. That said newspaper
was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above names. That the legal charge
for publishing the same was $

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th day of Sept. 1932.

C. D. Breeze

(Notarial Seal)	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada



ORDINANCE NO. 192.

An Ordinance to amend, revise and re-enact Section 10a as Created by Ordinance No.

134 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance to amend Section 7 of Ordinance No.

48 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing
for the purpose of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter
specified, transacted or carried on within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas,
State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the
collection of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conducting any
such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14, and 35,' as
amended by Sec. 1 of Ordinance No. 81 of said City, by herein amending certain subdivisions
thereof and by adding certain other subdivisions and to amend said Ordinance No. 48 by
adding two new sections to be known as Section Nos. 10a and 10b respectively, and to
repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith."

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

	Section 1. Section 10a as created by said Ordinance No. 184 of the City of Las

Vegas is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that the same shall read as follows:
"Section 10a. Every license fee required hereunder which is not paid within a period
of fifteen days from the time the same becomes due and payable is hereby declared to be 
delinquent and the City Clerk shall thereupon add to said license fee and collect, before
issuing such license a penalty of ten per cent of such license fee so delinquent (but not
in any case less than fifty cents) and such penalty may also be recovered in any civil
action brought in the name of the City of Las Vegas for the recovery of the amount of
license tax imposed by this ordinance. Provided, however, that the City Clerk during each
current Quarter, at least ten days before the next succeeding quarter, shall deposit in
the United States Post Office at Las Vegas, Nevada, postage prepaid thereon a written or 
printed notice directed to each person appearing upon the license tax roll for the current
quarter calling attention to the fact that the license fee for the next succeeding quarter
will be due at the time provided in this ordinance and of the amount thereof, if readily
ascertainable, and that the penalty herein provided will be exacted unless raid within
the time required by this ordinance. Said City Clerk shall also within ten days after the
first day of such succeeding quarter mail a written or printed notice to each person,
appearing upon the license tax roll for said preceding quarter, who has not paid such
license fee, notifying them that unless said license fee is paid within fifteen days after
the first day of such quarter such penalty will be collected in addition to the licences
fee. Proof of actual receipt of any such notice stall in no case be required."

Section 2. The adoption of this Ordinance shall in no way effect any prosecution
now pending for the violation of said Section 10a.

Section 3. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately after its
passage and publication as hereinafter authorized.

Section 4. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a
period of one week (six issues).

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the
11th day of August, 1932 and was passed upon second reading September 8, 1932 on the
following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin
voting aye. Noes none.

Approved this 8th day of September, 1932.

E. W. Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
By Mary Taylor
Deputy.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA )SS
County of Clark )

C. P. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 192 of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, was published in said newspaper for a period of one week,
from September 9, 1332, to September 15, 1932 inclusive, being the issues of said 
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: September 9, 10, 11, 13, 14, 15, 1932. That said
newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the
legal charge for publishing the same was $

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th day of Sept. 1932

C. D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

(Notarial Seal.)
ORDINANCE NO. 193.



An Ordinance prohibiting loud and unusual noises or the use or occupation of the public
  Street or places in the City of Las Vegas for advertising purposes.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Sec. 1. It shall be unlawful for any person, upon any street, sidewalk, alley, or
place in the City of Las Vegas, or in any doorway or entrance to any building opening
into any such street, sidewalk, alley or place or upon any lot or premises adjacent to
or fronting upon any such public street, sidewalk, alley or place, to cry, or proclaim
any goods, wares or merchandise, business or place of business, or to cry of proclaim
any show, exhibition, entertainment, tour, excursion, sightseeing trip, real estate or
oil well viewing or inspection trip, or any event for the purpose of commanding, announcing,
 advertising or calling attention to the same; provided, however, that nothing
in this ordinance contained shall be deemed or construed to prohibit persons engaged in
the selling, offering for sale, or disposing of newspapers upon any public street, sidewalk
 alley or place in said City from calling attention thereto in suck manner as is
customary and usual in the selling, offering for sale or disposing of newspapers in
said City.

Sec. 2. It shall be unlawful for any person upon any public street, sidewalk, alley
or place in the City of Las Vegas, or in any doorway or entrance to any building or from
the front or roof of any building, or from any open stand, upon any public street,
sidewalk, alley or place, to blow any bugle, horn or trumpet, or beat any drum, or ring
any bell, or to broadcast from any radio apparatus, or to make any other or unusual noise
for the purpose of advertising, announcing or calling attention to any goods, wares or
merchandise, or any business or place of business, or for the purpose of advertising
announcing or calling attention to any show, exhibition, entertainment or event, or to
operate in a loud and unusual manner the speaking apparatus in connection with the 
production of what is commonly known as talking pictures whether produced in an open air
or enclosed moving picture show building; provided that nothing in this ordinance shall
apply to the playing of music by a band or the blowing of a bugle or the operation
of a drum corps upon any public street or streets of said City, for which a special
 permit in writing to do so shall have been first issued by the Chief of Police of
said City, which permit shall specify the time and the place where such music may be
so played or such bugle may be blown or such drum corps operated; and provided further
that any regularly licensed peddler may call his wares in an ordinary tone of voice or
may ring a bell not exceeding 4 inches in diameter, or blow a horn not exceeding 8 inches
in length and not exceeding 4 inches in diameter at the large end, upon any public
street in said City in front of the residence of any customer of such peddler for the
purpose of calling the attention of such customer to the presence of such peddler in the
street in front of the residence of such customer.

Sec. 3. Any person who shall violate any of the provisions of this ordinance
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof, shall be fined in the
sum not to exceed $50.00, or to be imprisoned in the City jail for a term not to
exceed twenty-five days, or may suffer both such fine and imprisonment.

Sec. 4. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage
 and publication for a period of one week (six issues) in Las Vegas Age, a daily

newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.



Passed on second reading Nov. 8, 1932, upon the following vote: Commissioners
Mundy, German, Thomas, His Honor the Mayor Cragin, voting aye. Noes none.

First reading Oct. 26, 1932.

Approved Nov. 8, 1932.

E. W. Cragin, Mayor.

Attest:

Violet Burns, City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS
County of Clark )

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of
the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 193
of the City of Las Vegas was published in said newspaper for a period of one week from
No. 9, 1932 to Nov. 16, 1932 inclusive being the issues of sold newspaper on the following
dates, to-wit: Nov. 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, and 15, 1932.
hat said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the legal charge for publishing the same was $

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th day of Nov. 1932.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My commission Expries May, 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 194.

An Ordinance prohibiting soliciting for sexual intercourse, occupying or renting 
rooms in any rooming house, hotel or other place in the City of Las Vegas for the purpose
 of sexual intercourse with a person to whom he or she is not married, and to require
 all keepers of hotels or lodging houses to keep a register of all persons occupying
 rooms in such hotel or lodging house.

The Board of Commissioners of The City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as Follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person, upon a public street or in any
rooming house, lodging house, hotel, or other place in the City of Las Vegas, to solicit
a person of the opposite sex, to whom he or she is not married, to have sexual 
intercourse with such person so soliciting.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person to resort to any rooming house,
lodging house, hotel, or other place in the City of Las Vegas, for the purpose of having
therein sexual intercourse with a person to whom he or she is not married.

Section 3. It shall be unlawful for any person to resort to any office building,
or to any rooms or room used or occupied in connection with, or under the same 
management as any cafe, restaurant, soft drink parlor, drugstore, or similar business, or to
any public or private alleyway, or to any public park or to any of the buildings therein,
or to any vacant lot, or to any place similar in character to any of those herein mentioned,
for the purpose of having therein sexual intercourse with a person or persons to whom
he or she is not married.

Section 4. Every person, firm, association, or corporation, within the limits of the
City of Las Vegas, who keeps, maintains, or controls any hotel, rooming house of lodging
house, shall provide, keep and maintain a public register, and shall require every person
who rents or occupies a room in such hotel rooming house or lodging house to write in
said register his name and place of residence, such registration shall be made on a page
of said register properly dated with reference to the day of the year, month, and week,
and the time of day the person rents, or arranges to occupy a room shall also be therein 
entered. Such register shall be permanently and firmly bound, shall not be of loose
leaf nature.

Section 5. Such hotel rooming house or lodging house register, so kept, shall be
open to the public at any and all reasonable hours, and the pages thereof shall, upon
demand, be opened for investigation, or inspection, by any member of the police force or
other peace officer of the City of Las Vegas, immediately upon demand having been made by
such member of the police force or other peace officer.

Section 6. That any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions
of this ordinance shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall
be punishable by a fine of not more than Four Hundred Dollars $400.00, or by imprisonment
in the City Jail for a period of not more than two hundred days, or by both such fine
and imprisonment.

Section 7. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage and publication for a period of one week (six issues) in Las Vegas Age, a
daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Passed on second reading on the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German,
and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

First reading Oct. 19, 1932.

Approved November 8th, 1932.

E. W. Cragin, Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns, City Clerk
(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA )

County of Clerk) 

C. P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of
the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 194
of the City of Las Vegas was published in said newspaper for a period of one week from
Nov. 9, 1932 to Nov. 16, 1932 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: Nov. 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, and 15, 1932.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the legal charge for publishing the same was $81.20.

Signed C. P. Squires,

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th day of Nov. 1932.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My commission Expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 195 READ BUT NOT ORDERED PUBLISHED.

ORDINANCE NO. 196.

An Ordinance establishing regulations for connection with sewer mains in Sanitary
Lateral Sewer District No. l in the City of Las Vegas, establishing a sinking fund and providing
for the disposal of such fund, providing a penalty for the violation of this ordinance
 and repealing pro tanto all ordinance and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That notwithstanding the provisions of Sec. 4 and Subdivision Twenty-second
of Sec. 11 of Ordinance No. 36 of the City of Las Vegas, it shall be unlawful for any person,
 firm, association or corporation to connect with the main sewer system situate in
Sanitary Lateral Sewer District No. l as established by Ordinance No. 195 of the City of
Las Vegas, heretofore adopted and enacted by the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, without first complying with the provisions of this Ordinance.

Section 2. Whereas, the sewer mains in the alleys in the following portions of said
Sanitary Lateral Sewer District No. l, to-wit: In Block 8 of Buck's Subdivision; in Blocks
1 and 2 of Hawkins' addition; Blocks 4, 13, 14, 15, and 16 of Wardie Addition; in Blocks
24 and 25 of South Addition; in Blocks 16, 17, and 18 and at the rear of 1ots 4 to 16
incl. in Block 19, of Ladd's Addition; in Block 1 of Grandview Addition, are suitable for
connection with and use as laterals, no connection therewith shall be made except under
full compliance with all the ordinances of the City of Las Vegas relating to sewer connections
 and sewer connection permits, and in addition thereto paying the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas of an amount equal to the assessment provided for tentatively
in that certain proposed assessment roll, prepared by the Consulting Engineer of said City
Webster L. Benham, pursuant to the provisions of said Ordinance No. 195 and on file in
the office of the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas and marked "Proposed Assessment
Roll for Sanitary Lateral Sewer District No. 1," reference to which is hereby had and made:
the amount to be paid to be equal to the amount therein provided to be assessed against
the particular lot, piece or parcel of land to be served by such connection.

The payments herein provided for such purpose are to be held (as a sinking fund for
Sanitary Lateral Sewer District No. 1 aforesaid, and to be used solely in discharge of
  obligations incurred under the provisions of Ordinance No. 195 aforesaid and the proceedings
 which may hereafter be conducted in connection with and pursuant thereto.

Section 3. After the payment of the amounts provided for in the next preceding
Section of this Ordinance the property, for which the same is paid, shall thereafter be
exempt from assessment for any improvements made under or pursuant to said Ordinance No.

195.

Section 4. All persons, firms, associations, and corporations who or which have
heretofore made connection with the sewer mains within said Sanitary Lateral Sewer District
No. 1 shall within ten days after the enactment and publication of this Ordinance, make to
said City Clerk the payment provided for in Section 2 of this Ordinance before further
using said sewer mains or mains through such connection heretofore made, which payment
shall be made, held and used for the purposes provided for in said Section No. 2.

Section 5. The provisions of the preceding Sections of this Ordinance shall also
apply to connections heretofore or hereafter made with a sewer main located in a street within said 
Sanitary Lateral Sewer District No. l.

Section 6. Since it is impractical to proceed at this time with the improvement
provided for in said Ordinance No. 195, because of the apparent impossibility of disposing
 of the special assessment bonds therein provided to be issued and sold, it is hereby
provided that, subject to the provisions of all of the Ordinances of the City of Las
Vegas relating thereto, connections may be made to laterals which may be built and 
constructed by the property owners in any block or series of blocks in said Sanitary Lateral

District No. 1, at their own and sole expense and cost; but before any permit shall be

given for the construction of any such lateral or connection therewith to any sewer main
in said Sanitary Lateral Sewer District No. 1 there shall be paid to the City Clerk of said
City an amount equal to nine per cent of the tentative assessment on each lot, piece or
parcel of land embraced in that certain proposed assessment roll mentioned in Section 2
of this Ordinance, which is to be or may be served by the lateral proposed to be constructed.
The moneys received under the provisions of this Section shall be deposited in the Fund
created in said Section 2 of this Ordinance and used for the purposes only as therein provided,
and in particular for the payment and discharge of the obligations, if any, for 
and on account of compensation for said or any Consulting Engineer for services rendered pr to be
in connection with the sanitary lateral sewer construction in said Sanitary Lateral Sewer
District No. l. On such payments being made, as in this Section provided, and the construction
of such lateral or laterals at the sole cost and expense of such property owners, the

particular property for which said lateral or laterals has been so constructed and payments

made is a foresaid, shall thereafter be exempt from any special assessment under the provisions
of or pursuant to said Ordinance No. 195.

Section 7. All laterals constructed under the provisions of said Section No. 6
shall be strictly in conformity with the specifications heretofore adopted in connection
with the proceedings for improvement provided for in said Ordinance No. 195, and not 
otherwise.


Section 8. Any person, firm, association or corporation who or which shall violate
any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be guilty of a middemeanor and upon conviction
thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than Three Hundred Dollars ($300)
or be imprisoned in the City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of not exceeding
one day for each two dollars of such fine in case such fine is not paid, or by imprisonment
in the said City Jail not exceeding one hundred fifty days, or by both such fine
and imprisonment. In addition thereto said City may, through its proper officers or 
employees summarily disconnect any connection which has been made in violation of the 
provisions of this ordinance with any sewer main or mains and maintain such disconnection
until the payments have been made as provided for here in and the provisions of this 
ordinance have been fully complies with.

Section 9. Al1 ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby
repealed, pro tanto.

Section 10. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and
adoption and publication for one week (six issues) in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper
printed and published in said City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 2nd day of December, 1932, by the following vote: 
Commissioners German, Thomas and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

First reading October 31, 1932. Second and final reading Dec. 2, 1932.

Approved this 2nd day of December, 1932.

E. W. Cragin,

Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss
County of Clark )

C. P. Squires, being duly sworn, disposes and says: That he is publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 196
of the City of Las Vegas was published in said newspaper for a period of One Week from
December 5, 1932 to Dec. 9, 1933 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates to-wit: December 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 1932.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the legal charge for publishing the same was $161.00

Signed C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd of January, 1933.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My commission Expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 197

ORDINANCE TO REGULATE AND CONTROL THE USE OF STREETS, ALLEYS, AVENUES AND SIDEWALKS,
PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE, AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES
OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

1.	That it shall be unlawful for any person or persons to linger, loiter about,
congregate, or assemble on or around any corner, street, alley, avenue, sidewalk or
crosswalk within the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

2. That it shall be unlawful for any person or persons to sit upon the curbs or
sidewalks, or to sit upon, lean against, or stand around, or linger or loiter around
any parked automobile or vehicle, when said vehicle is parked at or near the curb of
any sidewalk or street, or in any alley in said City of Las Vegas.

3.	Any person or persons violating this Ordinance shall be guilty of a 
misdemeanor, and subject to pay a fine in a sum not less than Two Dollars, nor more than
One Hundred Dollars, or shall be confined in the City Jail for a period of not less
than one day nor more than Fifty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment. Provided,
 however, that said imprisonment, in the event of non-payment of any fine levied
shall be in the City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of not to exceed one day

for each two dollars ($2.00) of such fine.

4.	All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby 
repealed pro tanto.

5.	This Ordinance to take effect immediately after its passage and publication,
and this Ordinance is passed as an emergency Ordinance.

6. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance 
published in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, for a
period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 31st day of March, and was passed as an emergency Ordinance upon second
reading on said last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, 
German, Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Approved this 31 day of March, 1933.

	E. W. Cragin	'

Attest: Viola Burns	Mayor

City Clerk. (CITY SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

ss.

County of Clark )

J. W. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Managing Editor
of the LAS VEGAS AGE, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached City
Ordinance No. 197 was published in said newspaper for a period of Two Weeks from April
1, 1933 to April 8, 1933 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: April 1 and 8, 1933. That said newspaper was regularly issued and

circulated on each of the dates above named. That the legal charge for publishing the
same was $24.30.

Signed J. W. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
28th day of April, 1933.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My commission expires May 26, 1935. (NOTARIAL SEAL)
336

----   **	^*r*r-r*r ? itr*: 3^*?*. ,-.**-.* * r *r	ETl^vvS?s!ATT^WSctMnH<!^yvy^	- -^'---^'*-.i'-	^3*!—'

^	:*^	3^	, ^Sef^	'^i-

,^L^^!^!H^n^n!S!m^ns^^KMB^H^^^^Bis§8§!asB^^^ssg!^^^nnns!MH{§i^^^^M;^,

3S!^i?K?:*%?^Ss9i§^!3sSSB3f$$M^S5T8gsg