





- INDEX OF ORDINANCES -

AMENDED          REPEALED

NO. PAGE ______________TITLE__________________________________________BY	BY

198

199

200

201

202

203

204

205

206

207

208

209

210

250

219

282

202

204,205

207, 209, 228

246,251

288,293

251, 266

289

An Ordinance regulating the distribution of beer, wine or
other beverages which are now or may hereafter be author-
ized by the laws of the United States to be sold or distr-
ibuted; providing for the issuance of permits and licenses
and the imposing of taxes; and repealing all ordinances or
parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

An Ordinance to amend Section LXXXXIV of Ordinance No. 170
of the City of Las Vegas entitled, "An Ordinance of the
City of Las Vegas regulating travel and traffic upon the
public streets; establishing a central traffic district;
and providing penalty for the breach of any rules or re-
gulations regarding traffic in this ordinance provided,
and repealing Ordinances Nos. 66,68,69,90,94,120,124,125,
127,141 and 143 of the City of Las Vegas, and all ordinances
and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith." Approved
July 6, 1931.

An Ordinance regulating the sale of milk, cream and other
dairy products in the City of Las Vegas; defining standards
for milk and cream; providing for the issuance of permits,
authorizing the city commissioners to promulgate rules and
regulations for the enforcement of this ordinance; pro-
viding a penalty for the violation thereof; and repealing
all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict there-
with.

An Ordinance regulating the slaughtering of animals and
sanitary conditions of all places dispensing food and
refreshments to the public; providing for the inspection
of meats and meat products to be possessed and sold in

the City of Las Vegas; prohibiting the sale and possession _____

of uninspected meats for human food; authorizing the appoint-
ment of meat inspectors; prohibiting the sale of meat and meat
products by unlicensed establishments and providing a penalty
for the violation thereof.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas to amend Section 3
of Ordinance No. 201 of the City of Las Vegas,(see fore-
going title)

An Ordinance regulating the distribution and control of
intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages; regulat-
ing places where and under what conditions said intox-
icating and alcoholic liquors and beverages may be kept,
sold, given away or otherwise distributed; providing for
permits and licenses, etc.

An Ordinance to amend Section No. 16 of Ordinance No.

203 - (see title above) (Liquor)

An Ordinance to amend Section 5 and Section 16 as
amended, of Ordinance 203 (see title above) (liquor)

An Ordinance regulating the operation of motor vehicles
in the city of Las Vegas with short length radio receiving
sets; providing for permits; and providing penalties for
the violation of this ordinance.

An Ordinance to amend subdivisions 11 and 14 of Section 1
Section 6, Section 8, and Section 16 as amended, of Ord-
inance 203 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled (see title
above) (liguor)

An Ordinance to amend Section 5 of Ordinance No. 76 of the
City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance for the prevention
and punishment of offences against the health, safety and
convenience of the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas,
and repealing Ordinance No. 7 entitled "An Ordinance
for the prevention of nuisances."

An Ordinance to amend an ordinance regulating the distri-
bution and control of intoxicating and alcoholic liquors
and beverages; regulating places where and under what
conditions said intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and
beverages may be kept, sold given away or otherwise
distributed; providing for permits, etc.

An Ordinance to fix, impose and provide for the collection
of a license tax on motor propelled vehicles operated for
hire, and to regulate the operation and running of the same
within the City of Las Vegas; fixing a penalty for the
violation of any of the provisions of this ordinance; and
repealing Ordinance No. 100 and all ordinances and parts
of ordinances in conflict herewith.
AMENDED	REPEALED

BY_____ BY_________

TITLE

NO. PAGE

211

212

213

214

215

216

217

218

219

220
221

222

223

224

An Emergency Ordinance to prohibit the waste of water;
defining waste of water; regulating the use thereof;
limiting the time during which water may be used for
sprinkling or irrigation, and providing penalties for
the violation of this ordinance, and repealing all
ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflice herewith.

An Ordinance to prohibit the drinking of intoxicating
liquors in any public place or in vehicles in any public
place in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and providing
a punishment therefor.

An Ordinance forbidding solicitors, peddlers, hawkers,
itinerant merchants and transient vendors of merchandise
from trespassing in and upon private residences when
uninvited so to do by the owners and occupants of said
private residences, in soliciting and attempting to
solicit orders, or in selling and exposing for sale wares
and merchandise, and declaring such soliciting to be a
nuisance, and fixing the penalty for committing such
nuisance.

An Ordinance to amend Section II, and Section III, as amended
and Section V, as amended of Ordinance No. 168, entitled,

"An Ordinance of the commission of the City of Las Vegas
establishing a residence district, industrial district and
Commercial District, etc.

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada to borrow the sum
of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00) with
which to establish, create or acquire by purchase, or
construction, a municipally owned electrical power plant
and distribution system, etc.

An Ordinance defining garbage and rubbish and regulating
the collection and disposal of garbage, and rubbish in the
City of Las Vegas, etc.

An Ordinance to prohibit the removal from without the city
of Las Vegas to points within the City of Las Vegas and to
prohibit the maintenance with the City of houses and struct-
ures constructed or reconstructed elsewhere, and to prevent
the removal of houses and structures from one place within
the City of Las Vegas; and to prohibit the maintenance
thereof within the City of Las Vegas, etc.

An Ordinance to prohibit waste of water; defining waste of
water; regulating the use thereof; and providing penalties
for the violation of this Ordinance, and repealing all
ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

An Ordinance to amend Section 3 of Ordinance 201, entitled,

"An Ordinance regulating the slaughtering of animals and
sanitary conditions of all places dispensing food and re-
freshments to the public, etc.

Ordinance No. 220 failed to pass.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain
improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading for and
constructing oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs
and gutters on certain streets and portions of streets in
the City of Las Vegas, etc.

An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the
Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment
to defray the costs of making certain improvements in the
City of Las Vegas by grading for and the construction of
all oil bound pavement and concrete curbs and gutters on
certain streets, etc.

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to borrow Sixteen
Thousand Five Hundred ninety-Seven and 95/100 ($16,597.95)
to cover certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and
confirmed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas for the purpose of paying for the work of making

improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading for and ____________

constructing of oil bound gravel pavements and curbs and gutters
on certain streets and portions of streets in the City of
Las Vegas and particularly described in what is called
"LAs Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3", etc.

An Ordinance providing for the investigation of the pro-
prietor, lessee or manager of and the character of the
business of any traveling show, traveling skating rink, etc.

267
INDEX

 AMENDED          REPEALED

NO. PAGE	TITLE________                                        BY	BY

316

258

258

225

226

227

228

229

230

231

232

233

234

235

236

237

238

239

240

241

242
243.

244

An Ordinance providing for the abandonment and vacation
of a parcel of land heretofore constituting a portion of
South Main Street in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada.

An Ordinance creating a Recreation Board for the City of
Las Vegas, providing for the appointment of its members,
defining its duties and other matters relating thereto.

An Ordinance vacating the old road or highway from NW
corner of Boulder Addition to the City of Las Vegas,
southerly through blocks 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 of said
Boulder Addition, and extending southerly across the
SW¼ of Section 3, township 21 S, Range 61 E, M.D.B.&M
to S. 5th Street, extended.

An Ordinance to amend Sec. 2, Sec. 7, Sec. 8 as amended
Sec. 9, Sec. 16 as amended, Sec. 17, Sec. 18, Sec. 21 and
Sec. 23 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled:	(Liquor) Repealing Sec. 22 of Ord. 203

An Ordinance to amend sec. 2 and Sec. 3 as amended, of Ord.

168 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: (Zoning)

An Ordinance creating an electric light and power board
for the city of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, providing
for the appointment of its members, defining its duties
and other matters relating thereto.

An Ordinance to amend Section 1 of Ordinance No. 162 of
the City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance regulating
the use of devices or apparatus which interferes with
radio broadcast reception.

An Ordinance to amend Sec. IV of Ord. No. 137 of the City
of Las Vegas entitled: (appointment of electrical inspector,
defining duties, establishing fees for permits, etc.

An Ordinance regulating the erection and maintenance of
billboards, electric signs and all other kinds of outdoor
signs, providing for the issuance of permits therefor and
inspection thereof, fixing the fees for all such permits
and inspections and providing a penalty for the violation
of this ordinance.

An Ordinance providing for the cleaning of lots within the
limits of the City of Las Vegas, and providing penalties
for the violation thereof, and repealing all ordinances
and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith, and parti-
cularily repealing ordinance No. 91 of the City of Las Vegas.

An Ordinance to amend Section 1 of Ordinance 168 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled: (Zoning)

Not adopted after publication.

An Ordinance to amend Sections 1, 2, 3, 4, 13 and 15 of Ordinance
No. 161 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: (electric)

An Ordinance providing for the registration and operation
of bicycles in the City of Las Vegas and providing penalty
for violation thereof.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Establishing funds.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the
presentation and audit of claims and demands against the
City of Las Vegas; and providing for their allowance and
payment or rejection.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain
improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading for and
constructing oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs
and gutters on certain streets and portions of streets in
the City of Las Vegas; etc.

Ordinance No. 242 was not read for the second time.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas licensing, for purposes________

of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter

specified, transacted or carried on within the corporate limits______

of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada; fixing the rates
of license tax upon the same and providing for the collect-
ion of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on
or conducting any such business without a license, and
repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2,4,13,14,35,62,74,75,81,

95, 102, 105,108,112,117,145, 184 and 192.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas licensing, for
purposes of regulation and revenue of every kind of lawful
business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on
within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State
of Nevada: Fixing the rates of license tax upon the same
and providing for the collection of said license tax, and
a punishment for carrying on or conducting any such
business without a license, and repealing ordinances Nos.

1, 2, 4, 13, 14, 55, 48, 72, 74, 75, 81, 95, 102, 105,

108, 112, 117, 145, 184, 192 and 243.

327

249-277
AMENDED	REPEALED

NO. PAGE __________________ TITLE_____________________________________ BY	BY

INDEX

An ordinance to amend section 8 and section 12, of
ordinance no. 165 (gaming-see title above); repealing
Ordinance Nos. 77, 82, 88, 103 and 115.

An ordinance to amend Section 4, Section 16, as
amended of Ordinance No. 203, of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled: (liquor) , and to further amend said Ordinance
No. 203 by adding thereto a new section to be known as
Section 18 (a).

An emergency ordinance to prohibit the waste of water:
Defining waste of water: Regulating the use thereof:
and providing penalties for the violation of this
ordinance: and repealing all ordinances in conflict
therewith.

Ordinance not adopted

An ordinance to amend Section 8 of Ordinance No. 244
of the City of Las Vegas Entitled: (licensing)

An Ordinance regulating the sale of milk, cream and
other dairy products in the City of Las Vegas: defining
standards for milk and cream: providing for the issuance
of permits for the sale of milk and cream, and the
revocation of such permits: providing for the creation
of a milk ordinance committee: providing for the
appointment of a dairy and milk inspector; authorizing
the City commissioners to promulgate rules and regula-
tions for the enforcement of this ordinance: providing
a penalty for the violation of this ordinance: repealing
Ordinance No. 200 of the City of Las Vegas entitled:

(sale of milk, etc.).

An ordinance to amend Section 8, as amended and Section
16, as amended, of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled: (liquor)

An ordinance to amend Section 2 as amended, of Ordinance
No. 168 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: (zoning).

An ordinance to amend Section 3 of Ordinance No. 210 of
the City of Las Vegas entitled: (motor vehicle tax)

An ordinance to amend Section 1, as amended, of Ordinance
No. 168 of the City of Las Vegas entitled: (zoning)

Not passed.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the
acquisition of a municipal airport by taking over the
present airport of Western Air Express Corporation,
pursuant to a proclamation of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, made and issued on the 12th
day of November, A.D. 1940, and published in the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal on November 12th, 1940,

November 19, 1940, and November 26th, 1940.

An Ordinance creating a golf Board for the City of Las
Vegas providing for the appointment of its members,
defining its duties and other matters relating thereto.

An Ordinance providing for electrical inspection and for
the licensing of electrical contractors and regulating
the sale of certain electrical products

An ordinance to amend Section 1 of Ordinance No. 187 Of
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance creating
the office of fire marshall, defining his powers and
duties."

An Ordinance to secure the general health of the City of
Las Vegas and to prevent the introduction of contagious,
infectious or malignant diseases into the City by estab-
lishing regulations concerning automobile trailers, port-
able buildings, trucks and wagons providing living
or sleeping quarters for one or more persons, or occupied

for business purposes, and camps for the accommodation _______

thereof; imposing a license tax on trailer camps; declaring
certain things to constitute a nuisance; and providing
a penalty for the violation thereof.	____

An ordinance to regulate construction of sidewalks and curbs

in the City of Las Vegas; providing for method of securing____

building permit for same, and the fees for such permits;
providing for materials in be used in such construction.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas concerning the
numbering of buildings, numbering of streets, and re-
naming of Streets; repealing Ordinance No. 44.

325

245

246

247

248

249

250

251

252

253

254

255

256

257

258

259

260

261
262
NO. PAGE TITLE	AMENDED REPEALED

_____		_________ BY	BY

263

264

265

266

267

268

269

270

271

272

273

274



275.

276

277

278

279

280

281

282

283

284

285

286

An Ordinance prohibiting prostitution in the City of
Las Vegas and within one mile outside of City limits
thereof, etc.

An ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas
establishing a residence district, industrial and
commercial districts, within the said City of Las Vegas
defining such districts, etc.

An Ordinance to amend Section 5 of Ordinance No. 250.

(milk)

An ordinance to amend Sec. 7 of Ord. 210 (Taxi)

An ordinance defining Garbage and rubbish; and regulating
the collection and disposal of garbage and rubbish in
 the City of Las Vegas and matters relating thereto. And
providing penalties for the violation of the provisions, etc.

An ordinance repealing Ordinance No. 263 of the City of
Las Vegas, (prostitution)

An Ordinance authorizing blackouts and air raid Protection
measures, orders, rules and regulations, and providing
a penalty for the violation thereof.

An Ordinance creating a planning commission for the City
of Las Vegas, defining the powers and duties thereof
and matters relating thereto.

An ordinance to amend Section 9 of Ordinance No. 165 of
the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to prohibit
gaming and operation of slot machines, etc.

An ordinance to amend Section 1 of Ordinance No. 265	___

of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An ordinance regulating
the sale of milk, etc.

An Emergency ordinance prescribing requirements for the
construction of defense housing.

An Ordinance to repeal Section 14 Part 4 and to amend
Section 14, Part 5, and Section 17 and Section 36, and
to add Section 26a to Ordinance 170, entitled: "An
Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating traffic,
etc.

An Ordinance regulating the parking of vehicles on
private premises.

An Ordinance prohibiting prostitution, in the City of
Las Vegas, etc. Not adopted.

An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 244, (Business
Licenses) Bus license fee.

An Ordinance to amend Section 7 of Ordinance 264 of the
City of Las Vegas, establishing a residence district,
industrial and commercial districts, etc.

An ordinance to amend Section 1 of Ordinance No. 266
of the City of Las Vegas (Taxi)

An Ordinance to vacate the southerly seventy-five feet
of the alley running northerly and southerly through
Hock No. 15 in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in the City of
Las Vegas, for police purposes.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the
storage of gasoline, benzine, kerosene, or any product
of petroleum or hydro-carbon liquids, which will flash
or emit an inflammable vapor at a temperature below
110 degress farenheit, etc.

An Ordinance to amend Ordinance 201 entitled, "An Ordinance
regulating the slaughtering of animals, etc.

An Ordinance to amend Section XIV, Article IV, and Sections_
LXI and LXIII, Article VI of Ordinance No. 170 (Traffic)

An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Section 3
of Ordinance No. 166 (building)

An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Section 1
of Ordinance N . 166 (building)

An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Sections 2,

4,6,7 and 9 of Ordinance 264 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled: "An Ordinance of the Commission of the City
of Las Vegas, establishing a residence district, etc.

303

303

325

313

279.

272

278.286

300

268
AMENDED REPEALED

NO. PAGE TITLE________________________________________________________BY	BY

325

287

288

289

290

291

292

293

294

295

296

297

298
299

300

301

302

An Ordinance to amend Section 8, of Ordinance No.

165 of the City of Las Vegas entitled, "An
Ordinance to prohibit gaming and operation of slot
machines in the City of Las Vegas, etc.

An Ordinance to amend Section 16, as amended, of
Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled:

"An ordinance regulating the distribution and control
of intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages,
etc.

An ordinance to amend Section 5, of Ordinance No.

210 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance
to fix, impose and provide for the collection
of a license tax on motor propelled vehicles operated
for hire, etc.

An ordinance to amend Section 11 of Ordinance No.

250 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance
regulating the sale of milk, cream and other dairy
products in the City of Las Vegas, etc.

An ordinance to provide for construction of new
sidewalks, repair of sidewalks in disrepair,
assessment against property owners failing to
install new sidewalks, etc.

An Ordinance providing for the protection of the
public health, and the examination, registration,
licensing and bonding of persons engaged in the
business of plumbing; etc.

An ordinance to amend section 16, as amended, of

Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled _____

"An Ordinance regulating the distribution and control
of intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages, etc.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
to make certain improvements in the City of Las
by grading for the surfacing with asphaltic concrete
surface certain streets, etc.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make
certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by
grading for and surfacing with asphaltic concrete
surface certain streets, etc.

An ordinance authorizing the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, to borrow the sum of one hundred and sixty
thousand dollars ($160,000.00) with which to construct
a municipally owned swimming pool or swimming pools
and incidental facilities thereto, etc.

An Ordinance providing for licensing and regulating
the business of pawnbrokers and pawnshops, and
defining the same; fixing and imposing the license
fee to paid therefor, etc.

An Ordinance to regulate the production, transportation
processing, handling, sampling, examination, grading
labeling, regrading, and sale of milk and milk
products, etc.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, requiring certain persons convicted of
certain crimes, who shall come into or be within
said city of Las Vegas, to register in the office
of the Chief of Police of said City, fixing the
penalty for the violation hereof, etc.

An Ordinance to amend Section 2 of Ordinance No. 264
as amended by Section No. 1 of Ordinance No. 286 and
Section No. 8 of Ordinance No. 264 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance of the Commission
of the City of Las Vegas, establishing a residence
district, industrial and commercial district, etc.

An Ordinance requiring registration with the City
of Las Vegas Police Department and the fingerprinting,
thumbprinting, and photographing of all employees of
gambling houses, taxi drivers, etc.

An Emergency Ordinance to regulate the use of water
in Woodland Park Addition to the City of Las Vegas
between the months of May 15, and September 15th, inc.
etc.

307, 317

311
NO.________PAGE TITTLE______________________________________________________BY____________BY__________

303

304

305

306

307

308

309

310

311

312

313

314

315

316

317

An Ordinance regulating the erection, const-
struction, enlargement, alteration, repair,
moving, removal, conversion, demolition
occupancy, equipment, use, height, area and
maintenance of buildings or structures in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, etc.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas creating
and establishing fire zones.

An Ordinance requiring registration with the
City of Las Vegas Police Department and the
fingerprinting, thumbprinting and photographing
of all employees of gambling houses, taxi
drivers, etc.

An Ordinance to safeguard life and property
by regulating and providing for the inspection
of electric wiring, devices, appliances and
equipment; creating the office of electrician
and prescribing his authority and duties
requiring that no electric wiring devices
appliances or equipment shall be installed
without first securing a permit therefor;
etc.

An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact
Section 1 of Ordinance No. 292 of the City
of Las Vegas, as amended, and to repeal
all Ordinances and parts of ordinances in
conflict therewith. (plumbing)

An Ordinance providing for the establishment
of a bureau of fire prevention, providing
officers therefor and defining their powers
and duties, and prescribing regulations for
fire prevention and life safety, etc.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas to amend
Sections 2 (e) and 8 of Ordinance No. 264
the City of Las Vegas zoning ordinance, as
amended by Sections 1 and 2 of Ordinance No.

300.

An Ordinance providing for the issuance by
the City of Las Vegas of its negotiable
coupon bonds in the aggregate principal
amount of One Hundred Forty Thousand Dollars
($140,000.00) for the purpose of constructing
a police station for the use of the City of
Las Vegas, etc.

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, to borrow not to exceed
One Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00)
on the credity of the city by issuing its
negotiable coupon bonds for the purpose of

constructing two municipally owned swimming _______

pools and incidental facilities thereto, to issue
and sell general obligation bonds of the
City of Las Vegas, etc.

Not adopted.

An Ordinance defining garbage, rubbish, dirt
and dead animals; regulating the collection
and disposal of garbage, rubbish, dirt and
dead animals in the City of Las Vegas; the
fees to be paid therefor, and matters relating
thereto; and providing penalties for the violation_
of the provisions thereof; and repealing Ordinances
No. 138 and No. 267, etc.

not adopted.

not adopted.

An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing
the ex-officio City Assessor of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada
to levy a special assessment to defray the
costs of making certain improvements in the
City of Las Vegas - (streets)

An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 292,
entitled "An Ordinance providing for the
protection of the public health, and the
examination, registration, licensing and
bonding of persons engaged in the business
of plumbing, or laboring at the trade of
plumbing, etc.

not adopted
 AMENDED	REPEALED

NO._____PAGE TITLE	BY_________BY_________

318

319

320

321

322

323

324

325

326

327

328

329

330

331

332

333

334

335

336

337



An ordinance declaring the determination of the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make
certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by in-
stalling complete street lighting units with parkway
cable and ornamental standards along certain streets
and portions of streets in said City, etc.

An Ordinance to amend Section 6, Section 8, as amended
and Section 9, as amended, of Ordinance No. 165 of the
City of Las Vegas entitled: "An Ordinance to prohibit
gaming and operation of slot machines in the City of
Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor,
etc.

An Ordinance creating the office of superintendent of
Cemeteries; defining his powers and duties; providing
for the sale of lots, the supervision, manner and
conditions of burials and disinterments and the
placing of headstones, etc.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make
certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by im-_
proving with asphaltic surface certain gravel streets
and portions of streets in said city, etc.

An Ordinance to amend Section 10 of Ordinance No. 264
of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance of the
Commission of the City of Las Vegas, establishing a
residence district, industrial and commercial districts,
etc.

An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the ____

ex-officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, County

of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment____

to defray the cost of making certain improvements in the
City of Las Vegas by grading, etc.

not adopted

An Ordinance to prohibit gaming and operation of slot
machines in the City of Las Vegas without first obtaining
a license therefor; regulating the same; fixing the
amount of license fees, etc.

not adopted

An Ordinance to repeal Ordinance No. 238 of the City of
Las Vegas entitled, "An ordinance providing for the
registration of and operation of bicycles in the City
of Las Vegas, etc.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make
certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by installing
complete street lighting units with parkway cable and steel
standards along certain streets, etc.

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas to borrow $100,000.00 on the credit
of the City and providing for the issuance and sale by
the city of Las Vegas of its negotiable coupon bonds in the

aggregate principal amount of $100,000 to be denominated_____

swimming pool bonds, etc.

not adopted

An Ordinance establishing a public pound; prescribing the
powers and duties of the poundmaster, etc.

not adopted

An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the
the ex-officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas
County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special
assessment to defray the cost of making certain improvements
in the City by installing complete street lighting, etc.

not adopted

An Ordinance to repeal Section 11 of Ordinance 325 of
the City of Las Vegas - (gaming)

An Ordinance establishing curb lines and fixing the
location of curbs over and along North Main Street
from Carson Avenue to a point distant approximately
237 feet North of the Center line of Bonanza Road, etc.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain
improvements in the City of Las Vegas by installing complete
street lighting units with parkway cable and steel standards
along certain streets, etc.

325

335
AMENDED	REPEALED

NO.	PAGE TITLE	BY	BY

338

339

340

341

342	

343

344

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas to
borrow $125,000.00 on the credit of the
city and providing for the issuance and
sale by the City of its negotiable coupon
bonds in the aggregate principal amount of
$125,000.00 to be designated Police Station
Bonds, 1947, series A, for the purpose of
financing the retirement of an emergency
loan previously authorized by said board,
according to law, for the completion of the
construction of the Police Station; pre-
scribing the form of said bonds and providing
for the levy and collection of an annual tax
to pay the principal and interest of said
bonds; declaring an emergency by reason of
the fact that the Police Station now being
constructed by the City cannot be completed
without the expenditure of additional funds;
providing for the public sale of said bonds
and prescribing the form of sale notice; auth-
orizing the execution of said bonds and pre-
scribing other details in connection therewith.

An ordinance declaring certain territory adjoining
and contiguous to the corporate limits of the City
of Las Vegas to be annexed to the City of Las
Vegas; ordering a Plat showing said territory
to be recorded in the office of the County Recorder
of the County of Clark, State of Nevada; and other
matters properly relating thereto.

An ordinance empowering, authorizing and dir-
ecting the ex-officio City Assessor of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
to levy a special assessment to defray the cost
of making certain improvements in the City of
Las Vegas according to the plats, diagrams and
estimates of cost thereof on File in the Office
of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,
describing definitely the location of said im-
provements, stating the amount of said assessment
and describing and designating the locality con-
stituting the districts to be assessed according
to benefits, and other matters relating thereto.

An ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to borrow $250,000.
on the credit of the City; to provide for the issuance
and sale by the City of its negotiable coupon bonds
in the aggregate principal amount of $250,000. to be
designated "Storm Sewer Bonds, Series of January 1,

1948", to secure the necessary funds to finance the
construction of storm sewers and storm drains; pre-
scribing the form of said bonds and provide for the
levy and collection of an annual tax to pay the prin-
cipal and interest on said bonds; providing for the
public sale of said bonds and prescribing for the
form of the sale notice and authorizing the execution
of the said bonds, and prescribing other details in
connection therewith.

An ordinance to amend the title of and to amend Section
7 of Ordinance No. 210 of the City of Las Vegas entitled
"An Ordinance to fix, impose and provide for the collection
of a license tax on motor propelled vehicles operated for
hire, and to regulate the operation and running of the
same, within the City of Las Vegas; fixing a penalty
for the violation of any of the provisions of this ord-
inance; and repealing Ordinance No. 100 and all ordinances
or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith;" and repealing
Ordinances No. 266 and 279 and all ordinances and parts
of ordinances in conflict herewith.

An ordinance regulating the construction and maintenance of
business, commercial and industrial driveway in the City
of Las Vegas; requiring permits therefor and providing
for the issuance thereof; fixing and imposing the fees
to be paid upon the issuance of permits; cancelling and
revoking all permits for such driveways heretofore is-
sued; providing for the revocation of permits issued
hereunder; prescribing a penalty for the violation of
any of the provisions hereof; repealing all ordinances
and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith; and other
matters properly related thereto.

An ordinance to amend ordinance No. 172 of the City of
Las Vegas entitled, "An ordinance of the City of Las
Vegas relating to the construction of driveway," by
adding thereto a new section to be designated as
Section 7½.
AMENDED REPEALED

NO. PAGE TITLE	______ BY	BY______

345

346

347

348

349

350

351

352

353

354

An ordinance to repeal Section 25 and to amend Sections 22,

26 and 27 of ordinance No. 331 of the City of Las Vegas
entitled; "An ordinance establishing a public pound; pre-
scribing the powers and duties of the poundmaster; fixing
the fees and charges to be collected by him, and directing
the disposition thereof: providing for the registration
of dogs and dog kennels and fixing the fees therefor; pro-
viding for the vaccination of dogs and cats; providing for
the redemption, sale or other disposition of dogs and other
animals impounded; prohibiting cruelty to animals; providing
a penalty for the violation of any of the provisions thereof;
repealing ordinances No. 5,12,19,51,58,63 and 101, and all
ordinances and parts of ordinances of the City of Las Vegas
in conflict therewith, and other matters properly relating
thereto."

not adopted

An ordinance to amend section 1602 (f) Chapter 16, of the
building code of the City of Las Vegas entitled: "An ord-
inance regulating the erection, construction, enlargement,
alteration, repair, moving removal, conversion, demolition,
occupancy, equipment, use, height, area and maintenance of
buildings or structures in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada;
providing for the issuance of permits and collection of
fees therefor; declaring and establishing fire districts;
providing penalties for the violation thereof, and repealing
ordinances numbers 130, 166, 188,284,285 and all ordinances
and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith."

An ordinance to amend Section 11 of ordinance No. 299 of the
City of Las Vegas entitled: "An ordinance of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, requiring persons convicted
of certain crimes, who shall come into or be within the
said City of Las Vegas, to register in the office of the Chief
of Police of said City, fixing the penalty for the violation
hereof, and other matters relating thereto."

An ordinance to amend section 6, section 8, as amended, and
section 11 of ordinance No. 244 of the City of Las Vegas
entitled: "An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas licensing,
for purposes of regulation and revenue every kind of lawful
business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on
within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State
of Nevada; fixing the rates of license tax upon the same
and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a
punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business
without a license, and repealing ordinances numbered 1,2,4,
13,14,35,48,62,74,75,81,95,102,105,108,112,117,145,184,192,
and 243."

An ordinance to amend section 9 and section 14 of ordinance
No. 325 of the City of Las Vegas entitled: "An ordinance
to prohibit gaming and operation of slot machines in the
City of Las Vegas without first obtaining a license therefor;
regulating the same; fixing the amount of license fees;
providing the penalty for violations thereof; repealing
ordinances No. 77,82,88,103,115,165,245,271,287,and 319, and
all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith;
and other matters properly relating thereto."

An ordinance to amend Section XXX, Section XXXIII, Section
XXXVI, as amended, and Section LXXXXIV, as amended, of
ordinance number 170 of the City of Las Vegas entitled:

"An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, regulating travel
and traffic upon the public streets; establishing a central
traffic district; and providing a penalty for the breach of
any of the rules or regulations regarding traffic in this
ordinance provided and repealing ordinances Nos. 66,68,69,
86,90,94,120,124,125,127,141 and 143 of the City of Las
Vegas, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in con-
flict herewith.

An ordinance defining and prohibiting petit larceny; fixing
a penalty for the violation of any of the provisions of this
ordinance; and repealing ordinance No. 11 and all ordinances
or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith.

An ordinance providing for the issuance and public sale
by the City of Las Vegas of its negotiable coupon bonds in
the aggregate principal amount of three hundred fifty
thousand dollars ($350,000.) to finance the construction of
a sewage disposal plant as part of and in connection with
the sewage system of said city; prescribing the terms thereof
and providing for the levy and collection of an annual tax
therefor.

An ordinance relating to traffic and regulating the use of the
City of Las Vegas; creating and defining parking meter zones;
providing for the designation of individual parking spaces;
defining and providing for the installation, operation, and
maintenance of parking meters: prescribing parking time
limits; requiring the deposit of coins for the use of parking
AMENDED REPEALED

NO._____PAGE TITLE __________________________ BY	BY

354

(contd.) meters and parking meter zones and providing
for the collection and disposition of such coins; pro-
viding for the enforcement thereof; defining offenses
and prescribing penalties; and providing that invalid-
ity of part shall not affect the validity of the re-
mainder; and repealing all ordinances or parts of ord-
inances in conflict herewith.

ORDINANCE NO. 198

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE DISTRIBUTION OF BEER, WINE OR OTHER BEVERAGES WHICH ARE NOW OR
MAY HEREAFTER BE AUTHORIZED BY THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES TO BE SOLD OR DISTRIBUTED;
REGULATING PLACES WHERE AND CONDITIONS UNDER WHICH SUCH LIQUORS OR BEVERAGES MAY BE SOLD OR
OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS AND LICENSES AND THE IMPOSING
OF TAXES; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. For the purposes of this Ordinance, a retail liquor or beverage establish-
ment, a wholesale liquor or beverage establishment, and liquors and beverages are defined
as follows: A retail liquor establishment is defined to be a place where liquors or bev-
erages, as herein defined, are sold, served or given away, provided that such liquors or
beverages may be sold, served or given away in quantities not to exceed 4 9/10ths gallons,
to the same person or for the use of the same person, at any one time.

A wholesale liquor establishment is defined to be a place where liquors or beverages,
as herein defined, are sold, served or given away, or distributed in quantities of not less
than 5 gallons, contained in sealed or corked packages or kegs, and not to be consumed upon
the premises where so sold, served, given away or distributed.

A beverage or liquor shall be defined as any vinous, malt or other liquor which now is,
or may hereafter be, authorized by the laws of the United States to be sold or distributed.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, corporation, co-partnership,
association, social club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever, to sell, offer
to sell, serve or give away, or cause or permit to be sold, served, or given away, any
liquor or beverage, as herein defined, in the City of Las Vegas, without first making appli-
cation for and securing a permit and license so to do; provided that any such liquor or bev-
erage may be served by a private family at home as a part of its family life; or provided
further, that the provisions of this Section shall not apply to the sale or giving away
by regularly licensed druggists of any of such liquors or beverages upon a physician's
certificate.

Any violation of any provision of this Section shall constitute a misdemeanor, and shall
be punishable by a fine of not less than Fifty Dollars ($50.00), nor more than Three Hundred
Dollars ($300.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail of Las Vegas for a period of not less
than thirty days nor more than six months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 3. Whenever any person desires to open, keep, carry on or conduct a wholesale
or retail liquor or beverage establishment in the City of Lae Vegas, or engage in the
business thereof, such person shall make application in writing to the Board of Commissioners
of said City for permission to obtain a liquor or beverage license and said application shall
contain and set forth the following: (a) The name and residence of the applicant or appli-
cants, and how long a resident of the City of Las Vegas; (b) The kind of license desired
(whether a wholesale license or a retail license), and the particular place for which such
license is desired, and the name of the owner of the premises wherein such business is to be
conducted; (c) The person or persons interested in the business asked to be licensed;

(d) A statement that if such permit is granted and a license issued, same will be accepted by
applicant subject to the terms and provisions of this Ordinance and to such other rules and
regulations as may at any time hereafter be adopted or enacted by resolution of the Board of
Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas; (e) Said application must be verified by the appli-
cant or applicants therefor.

Section 4. The Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas may, if the applicant
or applicants for permission to obtain a license or licenses is, or are, in the opinion of
said Board, a proper person or persons to carry on such business, or business, make an
order that the City Clerk issue a license to such person or persons, upon the payment of
the sum required for the particular kind of license for which the application is made.

Section 5. When an applicant for a permit or a license is a corporation or association,
the application may be verified by its President, Secretary or Manager, and in addition
to the matters and things hereinbefore required to be set out in the application, there
shall be set forth the name of the person or persons who shall have the management of its
business for which or in connection with which a license is desired, and the names of the
persons composing its Board of Directors or governing body.

Section 6. Any license to conduct any of the businesses herein mentioned, granted and
issued by the Board of City Commissioners shall continue in force for a period of one year
from the date of issuance unless such license shall have been revoked, cancelled or de-
clared forfeit; but the Board of City Commissioners may at any time in its discretion,
without notice, revoke, rescind or cancel any permit for a license theretofore granted, and
may cancel and declare forfeit any license issued; and every licensee accepts the permit
granted and the license issued subject to such right of revocation without notice; provided,
however that if any such license is declared forfeited or cancelled without the preferment of
charges against or the giving of notice to the holder thereof, there shall, on the can-
cellation or forfeiture of such license, be returned to such former licensee, upon hie
application therefor, the pro rata portion of the license fee for the balance of the year
for which payment was theretofore made in advance.

If neither the permit received nor the license granted under the provisions of this
ordinance be rescinded, revoked or cancelled, the licensee may renew his license, upon
application therefor, annually thereafter, by paying at the time of making application for
such renewal the amount of the license tax as herein specified, or which may hereafter be
fixed by the Board of City Commissioners. All license payments to be paid in advance for
each year and to be paid in lawful money of the United States at the office of the City
Section 7. Permits for licenses shall be renewed annually upon the filing of the ver-
ified application required by Sections 3 and 5 of this ordinance.

Section 8. All licenses provided for in this ordinance shall, when issued, be issued for
a period of one year, and no license shall be issued unless the applicant shall have first
procured a permit for a license as hereinbefore provided and shall have paid the required
license fee.

Section 9. No license, either wholesale or retail, shall be issued to any person,
firm, corporation, co-partnership, association, social club, or association of persons of
any kind whatsoever, unless the applicant or applicants shall have an established place of
business in the City of Las Vegas, is or are citizens of the United States, and registered
voters of the State of Nevada.

Section 10. The rates for the licenses provided for in this ordinance shall be, and the
same are hereby fixed and established and the same shall be paid by all persons receiving
such licenses respectively, as follows: For a retail liquor or beverage license the sum
of $40.00 per year, provided that retail drug stores or grocery stores shall not be required
to pay more than $30.00 per year for such retail liquor or beverage license, and provided
further that drug stores and grocery stores shall not be permitted to sell, serve, distribute
or give away any liquor or beverage except in unbroken packages not to be consumed on the
premises. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, corporation, co-partnership, associa-
tion, social club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever, owning, in charge of,
or employed, in a retail drug or grocery store handling liquor or beverages under such
license at such reduced price, to sell, serve or give away or cause or permit to be sold,
served or given away therein any liquor or beverage to be drunk or consumed upon the prem-
ises; and it shall be unlawful for any person, firm, corporation, co-partnership, associa-
tion, social club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever, owning, or in charge
of, or employed in such retail drug or grocery store handling liquors or beverages under
such license at such reduced price, to cause, permit or allow any liquor or beverages to be
drunk or consumed on the premises thereof.

For a wholesale liquor or beverage license, the sum of $50.00 per year.

Section 11. In addition to the license tax in this ordinance provided, there shall
be paid to the City of Las Vegas an excise tax of 4 cents per gallon for each gallon or
fraction thereof of any liquor or beverage authorized or permitted by this ordinance sold,
served, distributed or given away. The payment of said additional tax shall be made monthly
by the wholesaler selling, distributing or giving away the liquors or beverages in this
ordinance permitted to be sold, distributed or given away, and shall be paid to the City
Clerk of the City of Las Vegas or other person designated by the Board of City Commissioners
of said City to collect the same, on or before the 5th day of each month, on all sales made
during the preceding month.

Any person, firm, corporation, co-partnership, association, social club, or association
of persons of any kind whatsoever, engaging in the wholesale distribution of liquors or
beverages, as herein defined and permitted, shall keep full, true and correct books of
account setting forth in detail the date of sale, amount of each sale, to whom such sale
was made, and where delivered, and shall at all times allow the Board of City Commissioners
or such person as said Board may designate, a free and full inspection of said books; and
said wholesaler as herein defined shall furnish for inspection any and all expense bills
showing in detail the amount or amounts of liquors or beverages received or purchased for
resale, together with the date of receipt thereof, from whom purchased, and how and by whom
delivered.

In the event retail liquor or beverage dealers engaged in the business of selling, ser-
ving, distributing or giving away liquors or beverages, as in this ordinance defined, shall
purchase for resale liquors or beverages from wholesalers or others not having a license in
said City of Las Vegas, or shall purchase any liquor or beverage upon which said excise tax
of 4 cents per gallon, as in this ordinance provided, has not been paid, than such dealer
shall pay such tax in addition to the license fee.

Any retail liquor or beverage dealer purchasing liquors or beverages other than from a
regularly licensed wholesale dealer in said City of Las Vegas, shall, in addition to the
other requirements in this ordinance contained, keep full true and correct books of account,
in the same manner as required by wholesalers, as set out in the last preceding paragraph
hereof, and shall pay to the City said additional tax monthly, at the time and in the manner
as hereinbefore mentioned; and said books so kept shall be open to inspection by the Board
of City Commissioners or by any person by them authorized and designated.

Section 12. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, corporation, co-partnership,
association, social club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever, owning, conduct-
ing, or having charge of the business of a retail liquor or beverage establishment, or any
employee of the same, to sell, serve or give away, or cause or permit to be sold, served or
given away in any such establishment, or otherwise, or at all, at any one time or to or for
the use of the same person, any of the liquors or beverages, as herein defined, in excess
of 4 9/10ths gallons.

Section 13. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, corporation, co-partnership,
association, social club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever, owning, conducting,
or having charge of the business of a wholesale liquor or beverage establishment, or any
employee of the same, to sell, serve or give away or cause or permit to be sold, served or
given away, any liquor or beverage as herein defined, dr to distribute the same, except in
quantities of not less than five (5) gallons, and in sealed or unbroken packages or in kegs.

Section 14. No person, firm, corporation, co-partnership, association, social club, or
association of persons of any kind whatsoever, shall be granted both a retail and a whole-
sale license at one and the same time; and no person, firm, corporation, copartnership,
association, social club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever, having a whole-
sale liquor or beverage license, shall sell any of the liquor or beverages herein mentioned
to anyone not having a retail liquor or beverage license.

Section 15. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, corporation, co-partnership,
association, social club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever, to sell,
serve, distribute, or give away any of the liquors or beverages in this ordinance mentioned,
within four hundred feet of any school house or place where school is conducted.

Section 16. Any person, firm, corporation, co-partnership, association, social club,
or association of persons of any kind whatsoever, subject to the payment of the excise
tax in this ordinance mentioned, shall, in addition to the requirements in this ordinance
contained, execute a bond to the City of Las Vegas in the sum of Five Hundred Dollars
($500.00), conditioned that the person, firm, corporation, co-partnership, association,
social club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever, giving said bond will pay
to said City of Las Vegas any and all tax due. Said bond shall be in form as required by
the Board of City Commissioners, and subject to its approval.

Section 17. The provisions of this ordinance shall apply only to the granting of
licenses and the permission to sell, serve, distribute, or give away, any of the liquors
or beverages that now are or may hereafter be authorized by the laws of the United States.

Section 18. Any violation of this ordinance or any one of the provisions thereof, or
any of the prohibitions thereof, or any of the requirements thereof, shall constitute a
misdemeanor, and shall be punishable by a fine of not to exceed Three Hundred Dollars
($300.00) or by imprisonment in the City Jail of Las Vegas for a period of not to exceed
six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment, and shall subject the licensee to
having his license revoked, cancelled or annulled; and any person being adjudged guilty
of the violation of this ordinance or any of the provisions thereof, or any of the pro-
hibitions thereof, may, in the discretion of the Board of City Commissioners, be denied a
permit or license thereafter. Any owner or proprietor of any kind of business licensed
under this ordinance, who shall violate or permit a violation of this ordinance, or any
of the provisions thereof, in his or her or its place of business, shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor, and shall be punishable by a fine of not to exceed Three Hundred Dollars
($300.00) or by imprisonment in the City Jail of Lae Vegas for a period of not to exceed
six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 19. The Board of City Commissioners are invested with power to punish viola-
tions of this Ordinance and with power to revoke permits and cancel licenses, and to sus-
pend the same should it deem such action justifiable.



Section 20. No permit granted or license issued under this Ordinance shall be assign-
able, except to a bona fide purchaser of the business to which it relates or in connection
with which it was granted or issued, and then only after the consent in writing of the
Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas first had and obtained, upon an application
therefor filed, containing, in addition to the requirements specified for obtaining an
original permit and license, a statement setting forth such transfer and proposed transfer
of the business. Such application must be verified by both assignor and assignee.

Section 21. It shall be lawful for the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
to refuse to grant permits or licenses for the conduct of any business mentioned in this
ordinance, in the residential district of the City of Las Vegas; and said Board shall have
the power to limit the number of retail and wholesale licenses to be issued and to designate
where in said City any of said liquors or beverages may be sold, served, distributed or
given away, and to refuse to issue a license to any applicant who violates any of the laws of
the State of Nevada or of the United States.

Section 22. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict with this Ordinance are
hereby repealed.

Section 23. This Ordinance to take effect immediately after its passage and publica-
tion, and this Ordinance is passed as an emergency Ordinance,

Section 24. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance
published in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, for a
period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a re-
cessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 31 day of March, and was passed as an emergency Ordinance upon second reading on said
last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Approved this 31 day of March, 1933.

E W Cragin Mayor

Attest:

Viola Burns City Clerk. (CITY SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

ss

County of Clark )

J. W. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Managing Editor of
the LAS VEGAS AGE, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Las Vegas City
Ordinance No. 198 was published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks from April 1,

1933 to April 8, 1933 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit:	April 1, and April 8, 1933. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated

on each of the dates above named. That the legal charge for publishing the same was $88.50.

Signed J. W. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
28th day of April, 1933.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada
My commission Expires May 26, 1935. (NOTARIAL SEAL)

ORDINANCE NO. 199

An Ordinance to amend Section LXXXXIV of Ordinance No. 170 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating travel and traffic upon the pub-
lic streets; establishing a central traffic district; and providing penalty for the breach
of any rules or regulations regarding traffic in this ordinance provided, and repealing
Ordinances No. 66-68—69—86—90--94—120—124—125—127—141—, and 143 of the City of Las
Vegas, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith." Approved July
6, 1931.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. hat Section LXXXXIV of said Ordinance No. 170 be and the same is hereby
amended to read as follows:

"Section LXXXXIV. PENALTY:

Any person violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not less than one dollar nor to ex-
ceed Three Hundred Dollars ($300.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail not to exceed
three (3) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment, and in default of the payment of
any fine or part thereof, may be imprisoned in the City Jail of the City of Las Vegas one-
half day for each one dollar of said fine remaining unpaid."

Section 2. This ordinance to take effect immediately after its passage and publication
and this ordinance is passed as an emergency ordinance.

Section 3. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper except Monday, published in the City of
Las Vegas, for a period of two weeks.

I HEREBY CERTIFY that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a re-
cessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 15th day of June, 1933, and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon second reading
on said last mentioned date on the following vote:

Commissioners Mundy, German, and Arnett and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

Approved this 15th day of June, 1933.

E.W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.


STATE OF NEVADA )ss

County of Clark )

James W. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That is is managing Editor of the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 199 was pub-
lished in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from June 17 to June 24, 1933, inclusive,
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: June 17, and June 24th,

1933. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the legal charge for publishing the same was $24.30

Signed James W. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this

Second day of August 1933.	C.D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

( Notarial Seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 200.

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE SALE OF MILK, CREAM AND OTHER DAIRY PRODUCTS IN THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS; DEFINING STANDARDS FOR MILK AND CREAM; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS FOR
THE SALE OF MILK AND CREAM, AND THE REVOCATION OF SUCH PERMITS; AUTHORIZING THE CITY COM-
MISSIONERS TO PROMULGATE RULES AND REGULATIONS FOR THE ENFORCEMENT OF THIS ORDINANCE: PRO-
VIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF OR
DINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. DEFINITION OF TERMS: That for the purpose of this Ordinance the standard
of milk, cream, buttermilk, skimmed milk and pasteurized milk, sold or offered for sale
in the City of Las Vegas, whether in retail or wholesale quantities, is hereby defined as

follows:			 	

(a) Milk in its natural state is the fresh, clean lacteal secretion obtained by the

complete milking of one or more cows, or other recognized milk producing animals properly
fed and kept in a healthy condition and free from clinical symptoms of any infectious or
communicable disease as determined by physical examination at least once each year; and
free from tuberculosis, mastitis and Bang's disease; excluding such secretion for a period
of fifteen (15) days before calving and for a period of five days after calving; containing
not less than 3.50 percent milk fat, and a total of milk solids of not less than 12 per-
cent; and produced under conditions that comply with the sanitary requirements established
by the Las Vegas City Milk Ordinance Committee. Freedom from tuberculosis shall be de-
termined by annual tuberculin tests, except in herds where reactors are found when retests
every 60 days until all reactors have been removed shall be required. For the control of
Bang's disease all dairies must submit their herds to the supervision of the State Board
of Stock Commissioners within thirty days from the this ordinance becomes effective; follow-
ing its plan for the establishment of Bang's disease free accredited herds, and following
blood tests, immediately remove all reactors found. All physical examinations required
under this ordinance and all tests for tuberculosis, Bang's and Lastitis diseases must be
made by a qualified veterinarian, licensed tp practice veterinary medicince and surgery
in the State of Nevada and approved by the State Board of Stock Commissioners.

(b)	GUARANTEED RAW MILK is the milk produced in accordance with the requirements of
Section 1, (a) of this Ordinance, provided that the cows of the dairy herd producing such
milk must pass a health examination once every three months; the average bacterial count
at the time of delivery to consumer must not exceed 25,000 per cubic centimeter as deter-
mined by methods of counting approved by the American Association of Agricultural Chemists,
of the average reduction time of which is not less than 9¾ hours; and from dairies scoring
not less than 90 on the dairy score card in current use by the State Department of Foods
and Drugs, and such milk be cooled immediately after milking to 50 degrees F. or less

and so maintained until delivery to customer.

(c) GARDE A RAW MILK, is milk the average bacterial count of which at time of delivery
to consumer does not exceed 100,000 bacteria per cubic centimeter, as determined by any
standard method of counting approved by the American Association of Agricultural Chemists,
or the average reduction time of which is not less than seven and one half hours (7½ hrs),
and which is produced from healthy animals as hereon provided, and from dairies that score
not less than eighty (80) on the dairy score card in current use by the State Department

of Food and Drugs and is cooled to 50 degrees F. or less and so maintained until delivered

to the consumer.

(d)	GRADE A PASTEURIZED MILK is a raw milk which has been pasteurized by heating to a
temperature of 142 degrees F. for a period of thirty minutes and then cooled to a temper-
ature of 50 degrees F. or lower, and the average bacterial count of which at the time of
delivery to the pasteurizing plant does not exceed 250,000 bacteria per cubic centimeter,
or the average reducing time of which is not less than five and three fourths (5¾) hours,
and the average bacteria count of which at no time after pasteurizing until delivery to the
consumer does not exceed 50,000 bacteria per cubic centimeter or the average reduction
time of which is not less than eight (8) hours.

(e)	CREAM is that portion of milk, rich in milk fat, which rises to the surface when
standing, or is removed by centrifugal force by mechanical means. It shall contain not less
than twenty-two (22) percent butterfat and not more than seven and eight tenths (7.8) per
cent of solids not fat. GRADE A raw cream or GRADE A Pasteurised cream shall conform to
all standards of Grade A raw milk or Grade A Pasteurized milk, except that the bacterial
count may be three times the maximum set for Grade A pasteurized milk.

(f)	BUTTERMILK is the product which remains when butter is removed from milk or cream
in the process of churning, or it may be a cultured skim milk, and shall contain by weight
not less than eight (8) percent of milk solids.

(g)	SKIMMED MILK is milk from which all or a portion of the milk fat has been removed
and which by weight is the non fatty portion thereof contains not less than eight and
eight-tenths (8.8) percent of milk solids.

(h)	The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas may from time to time
set up standards for milk products not otherwise defined in this Ordinance.

SECTION 2. The term person imports both the singular and the plural as the case de-
mands, and shall include Corporations, Partnerships, Societies and Associations.

SECTION 3. (a) CREAM FOR MANUFACTURING PURPOSES shall be bought from the producers on a
butterfat basis as determined by the Babcock test.

(b)	Checks on butterfat tests in accordance with foregoing paragraph and where called
for in this Ordinance shall be made by such person designated by the Las Vegas City Milk
Ordinance Committee, at any time required.

(c) It shall be unlawful to serve milk in any Hotel, Boarding House, Restaurant, Lunch
Counter, or other place of public entertainment, except in the original bottle, the cap of
which shall not be removed except in he presence of patron, provided however that this provis-
ion shall not apply to cream so served.

(d)	SMALL INDIVIDUAL GLASS CONTAINERS not to exceed one quart in capacity shall be require
for all market milk or skim milk used at fountains or other places for the purpose of the sale
of mixed frinks, provided however that this provision shall not be construed to prohibit the
use of the entire contents of a bottle of market milk or skim milk so used.

..

SECTION 4. It shall be unlawful to sell or deliver for consumption or to possess with in-
tent to sell or deliver for consumption:

(a) Milk or cream to which water or other foreign substance has been added;

(b) Milk or cream which falls below the standard as herein provided;

(c)	Milk or cream which has been produced, stored, handled or transported by or in any
unclean or insanitary manner;

(d)	Milk or cream handled by any person suffering from any infectious, contagious, or
communicable disease, the absence of such infection to be determined by cultures or physical
examinations by the Board of Health of the City of Las Vegas.

(e) Milk or cream that has been transferred from one can, bottle or other receptacle to
another, on any street, alley or thoroughfare, or upon a dairy wagon, or any place in the
City of Las Vegas other than the dairy plant used exclusively for the purposes of preparing
said milk or cream for sale.

(f)	Milk, or cream, the retail of final container of which does not bear a plain and
conspicuous statement showing the kind of grade as herein defined, and the name of the
person producing it.

(g)	Milk or cream that has not been pre-colled to such standard temperature, fifty (50)
degrees F., or lower, as herein provided.

SECTION 5. It shall be unlawful to sell or deliver or possess with intent to sell or
deliver any milk or cream without a permit from the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, such permit to be issued by the City Clerk upon a prescribed form. All-applications
for permits shall be in writing and shall state the location of the dairy or place of business;
whether the applicant is owner, lessee or agent of the daily; and the description and number
of cows in the dairy head. If the applicant is obtaining milk or cream from any source other
than the herd described, he shall make the same statement for each dairy or herd from which
he procures such milk and cream. Each applicant for a permit to be issued under the terms
of this Ordinance shall be accompanied by a fee of Two Dollars ($2.00), and all permits shall
expire on he thirty-first day of December of each year. Before the issuance of a permit, the
application the same shall be passed upon by the Las Vegas Milk Ordinance Committee, as herein-
after provided, and said Committee shall recommend to the City Commissioners whether or not the
same shall be issued. A reasonable time shall be allowed for the examination of the dairy
herds described in the application for such permit, before any recommendations shall be made
to the City Commissioners by said Milk Ordinance Committee; provided, however, that the pro-
visions of this section shall not apply to retail grocery stores, restaurants, or other retail
establishments situated in the City of Las Vegas, purchasing milk or milk products from Dis-
tributors duly licensed under the terms of this Ordinance.

PROVIDED FURTHER, that in case of necessity due to an extreme shortage of milk or cream
the requirements for a permit may be waived and a temporary permit covering the time of the
emergency may be issued by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas upon the
recommendation of the City Milk Ordinance Committee.

SECTION 6. Notice shall be sent to the City Health Officer immediately by any milk producer
of distributor upon whose dairy or in whose milk plant any case of sickness or any infectious
contagious or communicable disease occurs.

SECTION 7. The duly designated dairy and milk Inspector shall at all reasonable times,
have access for the purpose of inspection and taking samples, to any dairy or other place
where milk or cream is produced for sale; or to any wagon, truck, warehouse or station to
which milk or cream is being transported, to is being held for transportation or delivery.

Any Person who hinders or prevents such access shall be deemed guilty of a violation of this
Ordinance.

SECTION 8. A Milk Ordinance Committee consisting of three members shall be appointed
immediately upon the adoption of this Ordinance, one member to represent and be appointed
by the milk producers, one member to represent and be appointed by the milk distributors, and
the third member to be appointed by and be a member of the Board of City Commissioners of Las
Vegas. Each member of the Milk Ordinance Committee shall hold office for one year, and until
his successor shall be appointed and qualified. The Committee shall recommend to the City
Commissioners the person desired to be appointed milk Inspector, and shall receive from said
Dairy and Milk Inspector written monthly reports covering his official activities for the
previous month, and shall confer with the City Commissioners from time to time relative to the
efficient enforcement of this Ordinance.

SECTION 9. The City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas are hereby authorized to make
by resolution such regulations from time to time as are necessary for the efficient enforce-
ment of this Ordinance; to appoint a suitable person as Dairy and Milk Inspector for the
City of Las Vegas; and to issue permits for the sale of milk and cream as herein provided.

The City Commissioners, upon the recommendation of the Milk Ordinance Committee, after
affording the permittee a hearing, may revoke any permit issued under the terms of this Or-
dinance, upon determining that the permittee has violated any of the provisions of this
Ordinance of of the regulations made thereunder.

SECTION 10. Teh salary of the Dairy and Milk Inspector shall be fixed by the Board of
City Commissioners, in a sum not Exceeding fifty dollars ($50.00) per month, and shall in-
clude laboratory rental, cost of supplies, equipment, the making of tests, and any and all
other expense incurred in his official duties.
SECTION 11. Said salary and all expenses incurred by Said Dairy and Milk Inspector
shall be borne equitably in a manner approved by the Milk Ordinance Committee by the milk
producers and milk distributors who have been granted a permit as herein provided, and said
salary and expenses shall be paid monthly to the City Clerk to the City of Las Vegas. All
expenses for inspections and treatments shall be paid by the owners or operators of the
dairy herds of cows being inspected.

Section 12. Any person violating any of the provision this ordinance shall, upon
conviction be punished by a fine of not less than ten dollars ($10.00) nor more than two
hundred dollars ($200.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not less
than five (5) days nor more than one hundred (100) days, or by both such fine and imprison-
ment.

Proposed, read alound in full, and adopted this 15th day of June, 1933, by the follow-
ing vote: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy and German, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

Published in the Las Vegas Review-Journal. a daily newspaper (except Sunday) pub-
lished in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, once a week for two weeks, to-wit: June 17 and
June 24, 1933.

Read the second time and passed this 5th day of July, 1933, by the following vote:
Commissioners Munry, Arnett, German and Down, and His Honor, the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Approved this 5th day of July, 1933.

L.W.Cragin

Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss
County of Clark )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That hs is foreman of the
LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was
continuously published in said newspaper for a period of Two Weeks from June 17th to June
24th inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: June
17-24. That said newspaper as regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named.

Signed Dick Lochrie____________

Subscribed and sworn to before me the 1st
day of July, 1933.

______A.E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission expires
Dec. 28 1933.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 201.

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE SLAUGHTERING OF ANIMALS AND SANITARY CONDITIONS OF ALL
PLACES DISPENSING FOOD AND REFRESHMENTS TO THE PUBLIC; PROVIDING FOR THE INSPECTION OF MEATS
AND HEAT PRODUCTS TO BE POSSESSED AND SOLD IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; PROHIBITING THE SAME
AND POSSESSION OF UNINSPECTED MESTS FOR HUMAN FOOD; AUTHORIZING THE APPOINTMENT OF MEAT
INSPECTORS; PROHIBITING THE SALE OF MEAT AND MEAT PRODUCTS BY UNLICENSED ESTABLISHMENTS
AND PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for nay person, firm, association or corporation to
have, keep, sell or expose for sale for human food, or to have in possession to be used for
human food in the City of Las Vegas, the flesch of any cattle, calves, sheep, swine or goats
unless the same shall have been inspected and passed in accordance with the provisions of
this ordinance; provided, however, that this ordinance shall be deemed to have been com-
plied with in cases where cattle, calves, sheep, swine or goats are slaughtered and stamped
under the supervision of the United States Bureau of Animal Industry in accordance with the
regulations relating to the inspection of meat as prescribed by the Department of Agriculture
of the United States; provided that this ordinance shall been deemed to have been complied
with in cases where cattle, calves, sheep, swine or goats are slaughtered and stamped in
establishments operating under a city, county, or state inspection system meeting all the
requirements of this ordinance.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation to sell
have, keep or expose for sale, or have in possession in the City of Las Vegas, the flesh of
any cattle, calves, sheep, swine, or goats, unless there has been placed thereon, by or under
the personal supervision of any inspector of the United States, or of the City of Las Vegas,
or any city, county, or state, as in this ordinance provided, a mark, stamp, or branding
showing that the same has been inspected and passed for food purposes, and if inspected by
the City of Las Vegas, having thereon enclosed in a hexagonal-shaped outline, the works
"L.V.H.D. Insp'd & Pas'd", together with the official establishment number.

Section 3. No carcass of an animal mentioned in Section 1 hereof, which has not been
 inspected and passed as herein provided, shall be possessed in the City of Las Vegas for
sale or other disposition as human food.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered to designate
one or more official establishments within or adjacent to the City of Las Vegas where such
carcasses may be inspected, provided such establishments comply with the sanitary require-
ments established from time to time by the City Board of Health, either by an inspector
appointed under the provisions of this act, or by a regular veterinary inspector acting for
the United States under its Meat Inspection Laws.

After receipt in an official establishment every such animal shall be slaughtered
and the carcass inspected and unless found free from disease, and otherwise sound, health-
ful and wholesome and fit for human food, it shall be marked "L.V.H.D. Ins'p & Condemned"
and destroyed for food purposes as herein provided in the regulations referred to in
Section 1 thereof. If found to be free from disease and otherwise sound, healthful and
wholesome and fit for human food, it shall be marked: "L.V. H.D. Ins'p & Pas'd". If inspect-
ion takes place in an official establishment where a regular United States Inspector is
maintained, then the rules and regulations of the United States meat inspection laws
shall apply.

Section 4. The City Council shall appoint, by majority vote, one or more inspectors
to enforce this Ordinance, and shall adopt rules and regulations for its employees here-
under. The inspectors appointed under the provisions of this act shall be qualified grad-
uate veterinarians.

Section 5. The fees for all carcass inspections by inspectors appointed under the
provisions of this Ordinance shall be paid to the inspector or inspectors for the City of
Las Vegas by the person, firm, or corporation for which such inspection has been furnished
as follows:

(1)	If the inspection be furnished continuously so as to require all of the time of
the inspector, said fee shall be One Hundred Fifty ($150.00) dollars per month, during
which such inspection shall have been furnished; said inspector shall furnish his own means
of transportation and shall report at place of business at 7 o'clock A.M., and shall be
there continuously until 4 o'clock P.M.

(2)	Fees for inspection to be paid by the owner of the animal shall be as follows:
for the carcass of each sheep, goat, swine, or calk, Twenty-five Cents (25¢); for the car-
cass of each beef Fifty Cents (50¢). Payment of said fees to be made at the time of in-
spection.

(3)	All fees paid the inspector shall be retained by him as and for his compensation;
provided if the fees in any one month amount to more than the sum of One Hundred Fifty
($150.00) Dollars, the surplus fees shall be paid to the City Clerk. No portion of said com-
pensation or fees shall be a charge against the City.

Section 6. No carcass inspections shall be made between the hours of 6 P.M. and 6 A.M.
dr on Sundays and Holidays. In establishments where slaughtering is not carried on continuously
 the inspector shall be notified of the intent to slaughter at least forty-eight
hours before his services will be required.

Section 7. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, or corporation, except by the
inspectors herein provided for, to have in possession, keep, or use any mark, stamp, or
brand provided for or used for marking, stamping, or branding as inspected and passed any
article herein required to be so marked, stamped, or branded. It shall be unlawful for any
person, firm, or corporation to have in possession, keep, make or use any mark, stamp or
brand having thereon a device or words similar in character or import to the marks, stamps
or brands provided or used for marking, stamping or branding such articles, denoting that
the same has been inspected and passed.

Section 8. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall appoint one or
more inspectors, whose duty it shall be, and they are hereby empowered, to enter any place
where meat or flesh of any animal mentioned in this Ordinance, or the products hereof, may
be slaughtered, stored, held, kept, exposed or offered for sale for human food, and also
every establishment where meat is manufactured into articles of food or preserved, cured,
canned or otherwise prepared for food, and inspect the same, and whenever such animal or
animals, meat or flesh shall, upon inspection and examination, be found not marked, stamped
or branded, showing that the same has been passed for food purposes, as in this Ordinance
provided, the said inspectors shall condemn the same as unfit fir human food, and shall
mark and mutilate the same and make the fact of such condemnation apparent, and shall im-
mediately order the same to be removed and destroyed in the same manner and under the same
terms and conditions and according to the same regulations as provided for the removal and
destruction of other condemned foods under the State or United States Pure Food Laws.

Section 9. It shall be the duty of the inspectors in determining what constitutes
diseased and unwholesome meats unfit for human consumption, to be guided by the specifi-
cations contained in the regulations of the Bureau of Animal Industry of the United States
Department of Agriculture governing the inspectors of meats.

Section 10. Each inspector shall be furnished with a numbered official badge, which
he shall not allow to leave his possession and which he shall wear in such manner and at
such times as the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas may prescribe. This
badge shall be sufficient identification to entitle him to admittance to all regular en-
trances, and to all parts of any slaughterhouse, and to any place at any time, for the pur-
pose of making an inspection pursuant to this ordinance.

Section 11. Every place where meat or flesh of any animal mentioned in this ordinance
or the product thereof, may be slaughtered, stored, held, kept, exposed or offered for
sale for human food, and also every establishment where meat is manufactures into articles
of food or preserved, cured, canned or otherwise prepared for food, shall comply with any
and all sanitary requirements now or hereafter established by the City Board of Health;
and in addition thereto shall comply with the following schedule of minimum requirements:

1.	Sufficient mechanical refrigeration shall be provided to maintain a temperature

of forty (40) degrees F. wherever meat or products are stored in quantities of one quarter
of a carcass or more.

2.	All sterilized meat and meat products shall be kept in a tightly closed san-
itary refrigerated container except while being handled, and no such meat or meat products
shall be transported except in a sanitary vehicle adequately protected from dirt and in-
sects. All cases or containers used for displaying meat and meat products shall be
thoroughly cleaned at intervals of not more than forty-eight (48) hours.

3.	All refrigerators where meat and meat products are store in quantities of one
quarter of a carcass or more shall be thoroughly cleaned at intervals of not more than

seven (7) days.	

4.	Floors and all meat handling instruments and equipment of all establishments

included in this ordinance shall be thoroughly cleaned at intervals of not more than

seven (7) days.					

5.	Walls, floors and ceilings of all retail meat establishments shall be of such

construction as to permit being kept in a sanitary condition.	

6.	Every individual handling unsterilized meat or meat products intended for human
consumption within the City of Las Vegas or for sale to any establishment mentioned in
this ordinance, shall be in possession of a certificate, dated and signed by the City
Health Officer, showing said individual to be free from clinical symptoms of any in-
fections, contagious or communicable disease, said certificate to be null and void six
months from date of issue. Inspectors appointed under the provisions of this ordinance

shall be considered meat handlers in this respect.

7. All individuals handling sterilized meat or meat products shall wear clean
white outer garments while so engaged except in cases where circumstances necessitate
the use of clean waterproof garments in slaughterhouses.

Sec. 12. Each Official Slaughtering Establishment designated by the Board of City
Commissioners shall pay to the City Clerk an annual license fee of Twenty-five Dollars
($25.00), and each retail establishment shall pay to the City Clerk a monthly inspection
fee of One Dollars ($1.00).

Section 13. It shall be the duties of the inspectors appointed under this ordinance
Bo make a sanitary inspection of every establishment as provided in Section 12 each
calendar month, and to render monthly a written report to the Board of City Commissioners
of all inspections made and of all fees collected and from whom collected.

Section 14. Any person, firm, corporation or association violating any of the pro-
visions of this ordinance, and every inspector who shall wilfully pass as fit, meats
which are unfit for human use and consumption, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not more than Four Hundred
Dollars ($400.00), or by imprisonment in the city jail for a period of not more than
two hundred days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 15. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordin-
ance are hereby repealed.

Proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this 11th day of September, 1933 by the
following vote: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

Published in the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper (except Monday), published
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, once a week for two weeks, to-wit: Sept. 12 and Sept.

19, 1933.

Read a second time and passed the 4th day of October, 1933 by the following
vote: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and Down and his Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

Approved this 4th day of October, 1933.

E.W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss
County of Clark )

J.W. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is managing Editor of the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 201
was published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from September 12 to September
19, inclusvie, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: September
12 and 19, 1933

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the legal charge for publishing the same was $117.00

Signed J.W. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
twenty second day of September, 1933.

C.D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark County Nevada.

My Commission Expries May 26, 1935.

(Notaral Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 202

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO AMEND SECTION 3 OF ORDINANCE NO. 201 OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE SLAUGHTERING OF ANIMALS
AND SANITARY CONDITIONS OF ALL PLACES DISPENSING FOOD AND REFRESHMENTS TO THE PUBLIC;
PROVIDING FOR THE INSPECTION OF MEATS AND MEAT PRODUCTS TO BE POSSESSED AND SOLD IN
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; PROHIBITING THE SALE AND POSSESSION OF UNINSPECTED MEATS FOR
HUMAN FOOD; AUTHORIZING THE APPOINTMENT OF MEAT INSPECTORS; PROHIBITING THE SALE OF
HEAT AND MEAT PRODUCTS BY UNLICENSED ESTABLISHMENTS; AND PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE
VIOLATION THEREOF."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 3 of said Ordinance No. 201 is hereby amended to read as follows:
Section 3. No carcass of any animal mentioned in Section 1 hereof, which has not been in-
spected and passed as herein provided, shall be possessed in the City of Las Vegas for sale
or other disposition as human food; provided, that during the months of November, December,
January, February, and March of each year carcasses of cattle, sheep, swine, and goats,
slaughtered by a farmer on his farm, to which the head and all viscera other than the stomach,
bladder and intestines, may be held by the natural attachments, or if detached must be pre-
sented with the carcass together with a certificate signed by the farmer certifying the de-
tached head and Viscera to be those removed from the slaughtered carcass, may be presented
for inspection as hereinafter provided; provided, further, that during all times of the
year except the months hereinabove mentioned, all carcasses of animals herein mentioned,
except carcasses of calves weighing less than two hundred fifty pounds, shall be slaughtered
and inspected at a regularly designated slaughterhouse as in this Act provided. Animals
so presented may be received for inspection to be stamped as herein provided at official meat
inspection establishments within the City of Las Vegas where t ere is on duty a veterinary
inspector appointed under the Department of Agriculture of the United States or a regular
veterinarian inspector appointed under the provisions of this Act; provided, that all
persons presenting said animals for inspection as herein provided, shall also comply with
all laws of the State of Nevada providing for the inspection of hides or the slaughtering
of bovine animals, as provided in Chapter 58 of the Statutes of Nevada 1931.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered to designate
one or more official establishments within or adjacent to the City of Las Vegas where such
carcasses may be inspected, provided such establishments comply with the sanitary require-
ments established from time to time by the City Board of Health, either by an inspector
appointed under the provisions of this act, or by a regular veterinary inspector acting
for the United States under its Meat Inspection Laws.

After receipt in an official establishment every such animal or the carcass thereof
shall be inspected, and unless found to be free from disease, and otherwise sound, healthful
and wholesome and fit for human food, it shall be marked: "L.V.H.D. Insp'd & Condemned",
and destroyed for food purposes as herein provided in the regulations referred to in
Section 1 hereof. If found to be free from disease and otherwise sound, healthful and
wholesome and fit for human food, it shall be marked: "L.V.H.D. Insp'd. & Pas'd." If in-
spection takes place in an official establishment where a regular United States Inspector is
maintained, then the rules and regulations of the United States meat inspection laws shall
apply.

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect immediately upon its publication and
passage.

Proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this 20th day of October, 1933, by the
following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German, Down and his Honor, the Mayor, voting aye.

Noes None.

Published in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper (except Sunday), pub-
lished in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, once a week for two weeks, to wit: November 8
Read the second time and passed this 4th day of December, 1933, by the following vote:
Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German, Down and his Honor, the Mayor, voting aye. Noes None.

Approved this 4th day of December, 1933.

E W Cragin

Attest:	Mayor

Viola Burns
City Clerk

(CITY SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

County of Clark ) ss

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was
continuously published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks from Nov 8th to
Nov 15th inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

Nov 8-15.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above

named.

Signed Dick Lochrie



Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day of November 1933.

A E Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My commission expires Dec 28 1934.

(NOTARIAL SEAL)



ORDINANCE NO. 203

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE DISTRIBUTION AND CONTROL OF INTOXICATING AND ALCOHOLIC
LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES; REGULATING PLACES WHERE AND UNDER WHAT CONDITIONS SAID INTOXICATING
AND ALCOHOLIC LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES MAY BE KEPT, SOLD, GIVEN AWAY OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED;
PROVIDING FOR PERMITS AND LICENSES; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE;
AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. SHORT TITLE. This Ordinance may be cited as the Las Vegas Liquor Control
Ordinance.

Section 2. DEFINITIONS. For the interpretation of this ordinance, unless the context
indicates a different meaning:

(1)	The word "alcohol" means a product of distillation of any fermented liquor,
rectified either once or oftener, whatever may be the origin thereof, and includes synthetic
ethyl alcohol.

(2) The word "spirits" means any liquor which contains alcohol obtained by distilla-
tion, mixed with drinkable water and other substances in solution, including brandy, rum,
whiskey and gin.

(3)	The word "wine" means any alcoholic liquor obtained by the fermentation of natural
sugar contents of fruits or other agricultural product containing sugar, including fortified
wines such as port, sherry, and champagne.

(4)	The word "beer" means any liquor obtained by the alcoholic fermentation of an
infusion or decoction of malt, barley and hops in drinking water.

(5)	The word "beverage" means any beer or wine containing not more than 20 per centum
of alcohol by weight.

(6)	The words "alcoholic liquor" include the four varieties of liquor above defined
(alcohol, spirits, wine and bear) and every liquid or solid, patented or not, containing
alcohol, spirits, wine or beer and capable of being consumed by human beings.

(7)	The word "hotel" means every building or other structure kept, used, maintained,
advertised, or held out to the public to be a place where food is served and sleeping
accomodations are offered for pay to transient guests, in which thirty or more rooms are
used for the sleeping accomodation of such transient guests and having one or more dining
rooms where meals are served to such transient guests, such sleeping accomodations and
dining rooms being conducted in the same building or buildings in connection therewith.

(8)	The word "restaurant" means space in a suitable building kept, used, maintained,
advertised or held out to the public to be a place where meals are served without sleeping
accomodations, and where twenty-five or more persons may be served with meals at any one
time at tables.

(9)	The word "club" means an association of persons, whether incorporated or unincor-
porated, for the promotion of some common object (but not including associations organized
for any commercial or business purpose the object of which is money profit) owning, hiring
or leasing a building or space in a building, of such extent and character as may be
suitable and adequate for the reasonable and comfortable use and accomodation of its members
and their guests.

(10)	The word "tavern" means a place where alcoholic liquors are sold at retail to the
general public, and a place where no other kind of business or businesses is or are being
maintained or conducted.
	(11) The word "cabaret" means a place for the entertainment of guests and where meals

and beverages are served.

(12) A "drug store" means a place where medicines are sold and prescriptions compounded.

(13) A "wholesale liquor establishment" is defined to be a place where alcoholic,
spirituous, vinous, malt, or mixed alcoholic and intoxicating liquors and beverages are kept,
sold, given away or distributed, in quantities not less than five (5) gallons, contained in
sealed or corked packages or kegs, and not to be consumed on the premises where so kept, sold,
given away or distributed, and to be sold, given away or distributed to retailers only.

(14)	A "retail liquor establishment" is defined to be a place where any alcoholic
liquors and beverages, as herein defined, sold, served, given away or distributed, in
quantities not to exceed four and nine-tenths (4.9) gallons to the same person or for the
same person's use, at any one time.

Section 3. Wholesale liquor establishments may be maintained and kept in that portion
of the City of Las Vegas designated in Section 4 of this ordinance, and in what is known as
the industrial section of said city.

Section 4. Taverns may be maintained in that portion of the City of Las Vegas bounded
as follows: from the East side of Main Street and extending to the West side of Second
Street, and from the South Side of Stewart Street to the North side of Carson Street.

Section 5. Beverages containing not more than 4 per centum of alcohol by weight may
be sold, served or given away by regularly licensed establishments anywhere within the limits
of said city, except as prohibited by subdivision (6) of Section 18 of this ordinance.

Section 6. Drug Stores for the sale or distribution of alcoholic liquors may be main-
tained anywhere within the limits of said city, except as prohibited by subdivision (6) of
 Section 18 of this ordinance; and any alcoholic liquors sold therein shall be sold in origin-
al containers or sealed packages, and not consumed on the premises.

Section 7. Restaurants and clubs for the sale of beverages containing not more than
20 per centum of alcohol by weight, shall be maintained only within the zone designated in
Section 4 hereof.

A

Section 8. Cabarets for the sale of beverages containing not more than 20 per centum
of alcohol by weight, shall be maintained only at such place or places as may in the
discretion of the Board be specifically designated at the time application for a license
therefor is made.

Section 9. Whenever any person, firm corporation, co-partnership, association, social
club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever desires to open, keep, carry on or
conduct any liquor establishment in the City of Las Vegas, or encage in the business thereof, such 

persons shall make application in writing to the Board of Commissioners of said City to obtain a 

license therefor; and said application shall contain and set forth the following:

(a)	The name and residence of the applicant or applicants and how long a resident
of the City of Las Vegas;

(b)	The kind of license desired, and the particular place for which such license is
desired, and the name of the owner of the premises where such business is to be conducted;

(c)	The person or persons interested in the business asked to be licensed;

(d)	A statement that if such permit is granted and a license issued, same will be
accepted by the applicant subject to the terms and provisions of this ordinance, and such
other rules and regulations as may at any time hereafter be adopted or enacted by resolu-
tion of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

(e)	The first quarterly license tax shall accompany the application, to be returned
to applicant if permit is denied.

(f)	Said application must be verified by the applicant or applicants thereof.

Section 10. When an applicant for a license is a corporation or association, the
application may be verified by its President, Secretary or Manager, and in addition to the
matters and things hereinbefore required to be set out in the application, there shall be
set forth the name of the person or persons who shall have the management of its business for
which or in connection with which a license is desired, and the names of the persons compos-
ing its Board of Directors or governing body.

Section 11. The Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas may, if the applicant
or applicants for permission to obtain a license is or are in the opinion of said Board a
proper person or proper persons to carry on such business, make an order that the City Clerk
issue a license to such person or persons.

Section 12. Any permit for a license granted by the Board of City Commissioners during
the month of December, 1933, shall continue in force until the first day of January, 1935;
and every permit granted by said Board after the month of December, 1933, shall continue in
force until the first day of January of the next succeeding year; provided however, such
permit or permits shall not have been rescinded, revoked or cancelled or the license there-
under declared forfeited; and provided further, that the Board of City Commissioners may at
any time in its discretion, without notice, rescind, revoke or cancel any permit for a liquor
license theretofore granted, and may cancel and declare forfeited any license issued, and
every such licensee accepts the permit and license subject to such right of revocation
without notice; and such permit and license shall be by said Board of City Commissioners
without notice revoked, rescinded and cancelled, for the violation of any of the provisions
of this ordinance.

Section 13. The holder of any permit shall be entitled to have the same renewed for
any ensuing year by said Board of City Commissioners, before the same expires, upon the filing
with said Board of City Commissioners by said holder, of the verified application required
by Section 9 of this ordinance. Upon the filing of such verified application, if the said
Board of City Commissioners find that the statements therein contained are true and if the
applicant or applicants for renewal of permit is or are in the opinion of said Board, a
proper person or proper persons to continue to carry on said liquor business, it shall renew
the permit of the liquor establishment the license for which is so applied for.
Section 14. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, corporation, co-partnership,
association, social club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever, to sell, offer
to sell, serve, give away, or distribute, or cause or permit to be sold, offered for sale,
served, given away or distributed, any alcoholic, spirituous, vinous, malt, or intoxicating
liquor, or any liquor or beverages mentioned in this ordinance, in the City of Las Vegas
without first making application for and securing a permit and license so to do; provided
that such liquors and beverages may be served by a private- family in its home as a part of
its family life; and provided further, that the provisions of this section shall not apply
to the sale or giving away by a regularly licensed druggist of pure alcohol (with or
without a physician's prescription) for medicinal, mechanical, or scientific uses; nor
shall the provisions of this section extend to physicians, surgeons, apothecaries, or chem-
ists as to any alcoholic liquor which they may use in the preparation or compounding of
medicines.

Section 15. The licenses provided for in this ordinance shall when issued be issued
first for four months, and thereafter for a quarter of a year and for the quarters ending
on the 31st day of March, the 30th day of June, the 30th day of September, and 31st day of
December, and shall not be issued for a period less than a quarter of a year; nor shall any
licenses be issued to any person, firm, corporation, co-partnership, association, social
club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever which has not first procured a
permit for a license as herein provided for.

Section 16. The rates for the licenses provided for in this ordinance shall be, and
the same are hereby fixed and established, and the same shall be paid in advance by all
persons receiving such licenses respectively, as follows:

(1)	For a wholesale liquor license, the sum of $150.00 per quarter;

(2)	For a wholesale beverage license, the sum of $12.50 per quarter;

(3)	For	a	retail	tavern liquor license, the sum of $250.00 per quarter;

(4)	For	a	retail	drug store liquor license, the sum of $50.00 per quarter;

(5)	For	a	retail	restaurant liquor license, the sum of $125.00 per quarter;

(6)	For	a	retail	club liquor license, the sum of $50.00 per quarter;

(7)	For	a	retail	cabaret liquor license, the sum of $125.00 per quarter;

(8)	For	a	retail	beverage license, the sum of $10.00 per quarter;

In addition to the foregoing license tax, there shall be paid by wholesale beverage
licensees and retail beverage licensees, an excise tax of four cents (4¢) per gallon for each
gallon or fraction thereof of any beverage authorized or permitted by this ordinance sold,
served, distributed or given away, said tax to be paid and collected as in Ordinance No.

198 provided.

Section 17. No license for the conduct of a tavern shall be granted to any drug store,
merchandise store, or any place in which any other kind of business is maintained or con-
nected therewith; and such taverns shall be located within the zone defined in Section
4 hereof; provided, however, that hotels within said zone may, in connection with said hotel,
maintain a tavern, if such tavern so maintained by a hotel within said zone shall maintain
and keep the same separate and distinct and apart from any other business or businesses
connected therewith.

Section 18. It shall be unlawful:

(1)	For the holder of any permit or license to sell, serve, give away or dispose of
any liquor to any minor or minors;

(2)	For the holder of any permit or license to sell, serve, or give away food in
any tavern, or to conduct any other kind of business therein; or to allow any tables or
chairs in said place of business, or to allow any loitering by persons therein;

(3)	For any gambling or gambling games of any kind, save and except duly licensed
slot machines, to be conducted, carried on, suffered, or allowed in or about the premises
occupied by any tavern; and no tavern shall be connected with or have openings into any place
where gambling or gaming in any form, save and except duly licensed slot machines, is allowed,
carried on or conducted.

(4)	For the licensee or any of his servants or employees to be in an intoxicated
condition while in or about the premises or business occupied by any tavern.

(5)	For any licensee or his servants or agents to sell, serve, or give away any in-
toxicating liquor to any intoxicated person.

(6) For a permittee or licensee to sell, serve, give away or distribute any of the
liquors or beverages in this ordinance mentioned within four hundred (400) feet of any
school house or place wherein school is conducted.

Section 19. Premises conducted as taverns as herein defined, shall not be so ob-
structed by any curtain, screen or any device as to prevent a full and unobstructed view
of the interior of such premises from the main entrance or from the street or sidewalk adja-
cent thereto; and no permit or license shall be granted for the conduct of a tavern unless
the same shall face and have its main entrance from a designated street; and no tavern shall
have in the rear of its premises, or in connection therewith, any wine room, and all taverns
shall be located on the ground floor.

Section 20. No permit or license shall be issued to any person, firm, corporation,
co-partnership, association, social club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever,
unless the applicant or applicants shall have an established place of business in the City
of Las Vegas, is or are citizens of the United States, and registered voters of the State of
Nevada.

No permit or license shall be granted to any brewer or brewery, manufacturer of
liquors or beverages, or wholesaler, who shall have any financial interest, direct or indi-
rect, in any retail liquor or retail beverage establishment.

Section 21. No permit granted or license issued under this ordinance can be assigned.

Section 22. No more than one tavern license shall be granted to any person, firm,
corporation, co-partnership, association, social club, or association of persons of any kind
whatsoever.

Section 23. Whenever any person shall complain to the Board of City Commissioners that
his or her father, mother, husband, wife, child, brother, sister or ward, is addicted to the
excessive use of alcoholic liquor, or is a habitual or common drunkard, or who fails to pro-
vide for his family the common necessaries of life, and shall request said Board of City
Commissioners, in writing, to notify liquor permittees or licensees in said City not to sell,
serve, or give away any liquors to such father, mother, husband, wife, child, brother, sister
or ward, such Board of City Commissioners, on being satisfied that the complaint is true,
shall forthwith notify in writing every permittee and licensee in said city that such request
has been made; and thereafter it shall be unlawful for such permittee or licensee to sell,
serve, or give away any intoxicating liquor to such father, mother, husband, wife, child,
brother, sister or ward.

Section 24. It shall be unlawful for any permittee or licensee to sell, serve or give
away any intoxicating liquor on any election day between the hours of 6:00 A.M. and 6:00 P.M.
or on any day designated by the Board of City Commissioners on which intoxicating liquors
shall not be sold, served or given away.

Section 25. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, corporation, co-partnership,
association, social club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever, to sell, serve,
give away, or dispose of any alcoholic, spirituous, vinous, or malt liquor, except such
liquor as is manufactured under the supervision of or approved for sale by the United States
government.

Section 26. Any violation of this ordinance or any one of the provisions thereof, or
any of the prohibitions thereof, or any of the requirements thereof, shall constitute a mis-
demeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not to exceed Four Hundred Dollars, or by im-
prisonment in the City Jail of Las Vegas for a period of not to exceed two hundred days, or by
both such fine and imprisonment; and shall subject the permittee and licensee to have his per-J
mit and license revoked, cancelled and annulled; and any person being adjudged guilty of a
violation of this ordinance, or any of the provisions thereof, of any of the prohibitions
thereof, may in the discretion of the Board of City Commissioners, be denied a permit or
license thereafter.

Section 27. The Board of City Commissioners are vested with power to punish violations
of this ordinance, and with power to revoke permits and cancel licenses, and to suspend the
same, should it deem such action justifiable.

Section 28. It shall be lawful for the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
to refuse to grant permits or licenses for the conduct of any business mentioned in this
ordinance; and the Board shall have the power to limit the number of licenses to be issued,
and to designate where in said City any of said liquors may be sold, served, given away or
distributed.

Section 29. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.

Section 30. Each section of this ordinance, and every part of each section, is hereby
declared to be an independent section and part of section, and the holding of any section
or part thereof to be void or ineffective for any cause shall not be deemed to affect, nor
shall it affect, any other section or part of section.

Section 31. This ordinance shall take effect immediately after its publication and
passage.

Section 32. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Review Journal a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a
period of two weeks.

Proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this 17th day of Nov. 1933, by the following
vote: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, Down and his Honor, the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes None.

Published in the Las Vegas Review Journal a daily newspaper (except Sun.), published
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, once a week for two weeks, to-wit: Nov. 18 and Nov. 25, 1933.

Read the second time and passed this 4th day of December 1933, by the following vote:
Commissioners Arnett- Mundy - German - Down and his Honor, the Mayor, voting aye. Noes None.

Approved this 4th day of December, 1933.

E. W. Cragin

Attest:	Mayor

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(CITY SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

County of Clark ) ss

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and pub-
lished at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was con-
tinuously published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks from Nov 18th to Nov 27th
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Nov 18-20-25-
27. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th day of
December 1933.

A E Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires Dec 28 1934
(NOTARIAL SEAL)
ORDINANCE NO. 204

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 16 OF ORDINANCE NO. 203 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED
"AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE DISTRIBUTION AND CONTROL OF INTOXICATING AND ALCOHOLIC
LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES; REGULATING PLACES WHERE AND UNDER WHAT CONDITIONS SAID INTOXICATING
ALCOHOLIC LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES MAY BE KEPT, SOLD, GIVEN AWAY OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED;
PROVIDING FOR PERMITS AND LICENSES; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE;
AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.", BY ADDING A
SUBDIVISION THERETO TO BE KNOWN AS SUBDIVISION (9).

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

3

Section 1. Section 16 of Ordinance No. 204 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 16. The rates for the licenses provided for in this ordinance shall be, and
the same are hereby fixed and established, and the same shall be paid in advance by all
persons receiving such licenses respectively, as follows:

(1)	For a wholesale liquor license, the sum of $150.00 per quarter;

(2)	For a wholesale beverage license, the sum of $12.50 per quarter;

(3)	For	a	retail	tavern liquor license, the sum of $250.00 per quarter;

(4)	For	a	retail	drug store liquor license, the sum of $50.00 per quarter;

(5)	For	a	retail	restaurant liquor license, the sum of $125.00 per quarter;

(6)	For	a	retail	club liquor license, the sum of $50.00 per quarter;

(7)	For	a	retail	cabaret liquor license, the sum of $125.00 per quarter;

(8)	For	a	retail	beverage license, the sum of $10.00 per quarter;

(9)	For a retail liquor establishment to be maintained only in the zone designated

in Section 4 hereof for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in original contain-
ers or sealed packages, not to be consumed on the premises, the sum of $50.00
per quarter;

In addition to the foregoing license tax, there shall be paid by wholesale beverage
licensees and retail beverage licensees, an excise tax of four cents (4¢) per gallon for
each gallon or fraction thereof of any beverage authorized or permitted by this ordinance
sold, served, distributed or given away, said tax to be paid and collected as in Ordinance
No. 198 provided.

Section 2. This Ordinance to take effect immediately after its passage and publication,
and this Ordinance is passed as an emergency ordinance.

Section 3. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance
published in the Las Vegas age, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a
period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a recessed
regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the
7th day of December, 1933, and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon second reading on
the said last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners Arnett and Mundy and his
Honor, the Mayor, pro tem, voting aye. Noes None.

Approved this 7th day of December, 1933.

W C German

Attest:	Mayor P.T.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(CITY SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

County of Clark ) ss

C. P. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Publisher of the LAS VEGAS
AGE, a daily newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance # 204 was published in said
newspaper for a period of One week from December 8, 1933 to December 15, 1933 inclusive,
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: December 8 and 15, 1933.
That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the legal charge for publishing the same was $35.10.

Signed C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
15th day of December, 1933.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

(NOTARIAL SEAL)
ORDINANCE NO. 205.

"AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 5, AND SECTION 16 AS AMENDED, OF ORDINANCE NO. 203 OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED "AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE DISTRIBUTION AND CONTROL OF INTOX-
ICATING AND ALCOHOLIC LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES; REGULATING PLACES WHERE AND UNDER WHAT CON-
DITIONS SAID INTOXICATING ALCOHOLIC LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES MAY BE KEPT, SOLD, GIVEN AWAY
OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED; PROVIDING FOR PERMITS; AND LICENSES; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE
VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH."

he Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 5 of Ordinance No. 203 ie hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 5. Beverages may be sold, served or distributed by regularly licensed estab-
lishments anywhere within the limits of the City, except as prohibited by subdivision (6)
of Section 18 of this ordinance.

Section 2. Section 16 of Ordinance No. 203 is hereby amended to read as follows:

(1) For a wholesale liquor license, the sum of $150.00 per quarter;

	(2) For a wholesale beverage license, the sum of $25.00 per quarter;

(3)	For a retail tavern liquor license, the sum of $250.00 per quarter;

(4)	For a retail drug store Liquor license, the sum of $50.00 per quarter;

(5)	For a retail restaurant liquor license, the sum of $125.00 per quarter;

(6)	For a retail club liquor license, the sum of $50.00 per quarter;

(7)	For a retail cabaret liquor license, the sum of $125.00 per quarter;

(8)	For a retail liquor establishment to be maintained only in the zone designated in
Section 4 hereof for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in original containers or sealed
packages, not be consumed on the premises, the sum of $50.00 per quarter;

(9)	For a retail beverage license for the sale of beverages containing not more than
five and one half per cent (5½%) of alcohol by weight, the sum of $10.00 per quarter;

(10) For a retail beverage license for the sale of beverages containing more than
five and one half per cent (5½%) and not more than twenty percent (20%) of alcohol by weight
to be sold or distributed in original containers or sealed packages, not to be consumed on
the premises, the sum of $30.00 per quarter.

In addition to the forgoing license tax, there shall be paid by wholesale beverage
licenses and retail beverage licensees an excise tax of four cents (4¢) per gallon or fraction
thereof of any beverage authorized or permitted by this ordinance sold, served, distributed
or given away; said tax to be paid and collected as in ordinance No. 198 provided.

Section 3. This Ordinance to take effect immediately after its passage and publi-
cation, and this Ordinance is passed as an emergency ordinance.

Section 4. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this or-
dinance published in the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
for a period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 22nd day of December, 1933, and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon second
reading on the said last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, Down
and W.B. Mundy Acting Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Approved this 22nd day of December, 1933.

W.B. Mundy
Acting Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
County of Clark)

J.W. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Managing Editor of the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 205 was
published in said newspaper for a period of Two Weeks from Dec. 23, 1933 to Dec. 30, 1933
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

Dec. 23 and 30, 1933.

hat said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the legal charge for publishing the same was $39.90

Signed J.W. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
29th day of January, 1933.

C.D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark County,

Nevada.

My Commission expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 206.

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE OPERATION OF MOTOR VEHICLES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS WITH
SHORT LENGTH RADIO RECEIVING SETS; PROVIDING FOR PERMITS; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES BOR THE
VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Definition. A short wave length radio receiving set shall be any radio re-
ceiving set capable of receiving any radio broadcast or message on any frequency above
fifteen hundred (1500) kilocycles.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person to equip or operate, inside of the City
of Las Vegas, any motor vehicle with a short length radio receiving set, unless such motor
vehicle is used by a peace officer or is used by the state or county government, or is
used after permission is first had of the Police Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

No department of the City government shall be authorized to equip or operate an automobile
with a short wave length radio receiving set except the police department of the City of
Las Vegas; and the police department shall only be authorized to equip cars with short
length receiving sets and operate the same when such cars are used in performance of
police or fire prevention work, or emergency cars under the jurisdiction of the police
department.

Section 3. The police commissioner, upon the recommendation of the Chief of Police of
the City of Las Vegas, may issue permits to any person to equip and operate, inside the City
of Las Vegas, a motor vehicle with a short wave length receiving set.

Permits may also be issued to equip with short wave length radio receiving set
motor vehicles which are in the service of the Fire Department.

Any person or department desiring a permit to operate a short wave length radio re-
ceiving set on a motor vehicle, inside the City of Las Vegas, must first make application
to the Police Commissioner in writing, for such permit, stating the name of the applicant,
the license number and the engine number of the motor vehicle which it is desired to equip
with a short wave length receiving set, and also state the reason why such permit is desired.

Permits shall not be transferable, and it shall be unlawful for any person who has a
received a permit to equip or operate a motor vehicle with a short wave length receiving
set to place such short wave length radio receiving set in any vehicle other than the
vehicle mentioned in his application to the Police Commissioner.

Section 4. It shall be unlawful for any person to wilfully make to the police depart-
ment of the City of Las Vegas any false, misleading, or unfounded report, for the purpose
of interfering with the operation if the police department or with the intention of mis-
leading any police officer of the City of Las Vegas, dr to in any way wilfully interfere
with the operation of the short wave length radio receiving sets of the police department
of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 5. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punishable by a fine of not
more than Three Hundred Dollars ($300.00) or by imprisonment in the City Jail of Las Vegas
for a period of not to exceed one hundred fifty (150) days, or by both such fine and im-
prisonment.

Section 6. This ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and pub-
lication; and this ordinance is passed as an emergency ordinance.

Section 7. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas,
for a period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a recessed
regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the 7th
day of March, 1934: and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon the second reading on
said last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German,
and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Approved this 7th day of March, 1934.

E.W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA )
bounty of Clark ) ss

C.P. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 206
was published in said newspaper for a period of Two Weeks from March 9, 1934 to March 16,

1934 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

March 9 and 16, 1934.
That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the legal charge for publishing the same was $42.30.

Signed C.P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
16th day of March 1934.

C.D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 207.

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SUBDIVISIONS (11) and (14) OF SECTION 1, SECTION 6, SECTION 8,

AND SECTION 16 AS EMENDED, OF ORDINANCE NO. 203 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED: "AN
ORDINANCE REGULATING THE DISTRIBUTION AND CONTROL OF INTOXICATING AND ALCOHOLIC LIQUORS AND
BEVERAGES; REGULATING PLACES WHERE AND UNDER WHAT CONDITIONS SAID INTOXICATING AND ALCO-
HOLIC LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES MAY BE KEPT, SOLD, GIVEN AWAY OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED; PRO-
VIDING FOR PERMITS AND LICENSES; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE;

AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Subdivision (11) of Section 1 of Ordinance No. 203 is hereby amended to
read as follows:

(11) the word "cabaret" means a place for the entertainment of guests, and where
meals and beverages or alcoholic liquors are served or sold at retail, at tables only,
and not at or over a bar.

Section 2. Subdivision (14) of Section 1 of Ordinance No. 203 is hereby amended to read
as follows:

(14) A "retail liquor establishment" is defined to be a place where alcoholic liquors
and beverages are sold, served, or otherwise distributed, in quantities not exceeding
four and nine-tenths (419) gallons to the same person or for the same persons use at any
one time; provided that drug stores and retail liquor establishments shall not sell or
distribute at any one time to any one person spirituous liquors in quantities less than one
pint or sixteen fluid ounces.

Section 3. Section 6 of Ordinance No. 203, is hereby amended to read as follows;

Section 6. Drug stores for the sale or distribution of alcoholic liquors may be main-
tained anywhere within the limits of said City except as prohibited by subdivision (6) of
Section 18 of this Ordinance. Any spirituous liquor sold therein shall be sold in the or-
iginal container as received from the distiller or wholesaler, and not consumed on the
premises.

Section 4. Section 8 of Ordinance No. 203 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 8. Cabarets for the sale of beverages or alcoholic liquors shall be maintained
only in such place or places as may in the discretion of the Board, be specifically des-
ignated at the time application for a license therefor is made.

Section 5. Section 16 of Ordinance No. 203 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 16. The rates for licenses provided for in this ordinance shall be, and
the same are fixed and established, and the same shall be paid in advance by all persons
receiving such licenses respectively as follows:

(1)	For a wholesale liquor license, the sum of $75.00 per quarter.

(2)	For a wholesale beverage license, the sum of $25.00 per quarter.

(3) For a tavern license, the sum of $250.00 per quarter.

(4) For a club liquor license, the sum of $50.00 per quarter.

(5) For a restaurant beverage license, the sum of $100.00 per quarter.

(6)	For a cabaret license, selling beverages only, the sum of $125.00 per quarter.

(7)	For a cabaret liquor license, the sum of $300.00 per quarter.

(8)	For a retail liquor establishment to be maintained only in the zone designated
in Section 4, or a drug store, for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in original con-
tainers as received from the distiller or wholesaler, not to be consumed on the premises,
selling spirituous liquors in quantities not exceeding one quart or thirty-two (32)
fluid ounces, wines in quantities of not more than one gallon, or beer in quantities of
not more than one case or twenty-four (24) pints, the sum of $50.00 per quarter:

(9) For a retail liquor establishment to be maintained only in the zone designated
in Section 4, or a drug store, for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in original con-
tainers as received from the distiller or wholesaler, not to be consumed on the premises, in
quantities not exceeding four and nine-tenths (4.9) gallons to the same person or for the
same person's use at any one time, the sum of $125.00 per quarter;

(10) For a retail beverage license for the sale of beverages containing not more
than five and one-half per cent (5½%) of alcohol by weight, the sum of $10.00 per quarter;

(11)	For a retail beverage license for the sale of beverages containing not more than
twenty per cent (20%) of alcohol by weight, to be sold or distributed in the original
containers as received from the distiller or wholesaler, not to be consumed on the premises
the sum of $30.00 per quarter.

In addition to the foregoing license tax there shall be paid by wholesale and
retail beverage licensees an excise tax of four cents (4¢) per gallon or fraction thereof
on any beer authorized or permitted by this ordinance, sold, served, distributed or given
away. Said tax to be paid and collected as in Ordinance No. 198 provided.

Section 6. This ordinance shall take effect April 1, 1934; and this ordinance is
passed as an emergency ordinance.
Section 7. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for
a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the
16th day of March, 1934; and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon second reading on
the said last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German
and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. noes none.

Approved this 16th day of March, 1934.

E.W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

County of Clark) ss

J.W. Squires being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is managing editor of the Las
Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 207 was
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from March 16, 1934 to March 23, 1934
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, towit: March 16 and 23, 1934
hat said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the legal charge far publishing the same was $57.30.

Signed J.W. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
20th day of April 1934.

C.D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My commission Expires May 26, 1935.

ORDINANCE NO. 208.

An ordinance to amend Section 5 of Ordinance No. 76 of the City of Las Vegas en-
titled "An Ordinance for the prevention and punishment of offences against the health,
safety and convenience of the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas, and repealing
Ordinance No. 7, entitled, 'An Ordinance for the prevention of nuisances."

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas fo ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 5 of Ordinance No. 76 is is hereby amended to read as follows:
Section 5. No person shall keep his yard or premises or place of business, either as
owner or occupant thereof, in an unclean or unwholesome condition, or so as to endanger
the building thereon or other buildings to loss or injury by fire or otherwise, nor shall
any person permit any substance, animal or other thing to be or remain thereon which is or
may become injurious to the public health, destructive to property, indecent or offensive
to the senses or an obstruction or hindrance to the full and peaceable use of property
and peaceable enjoyment of life and property.

Section 2. This ordinance shall take effect immediately upon its publication and
passage.

Section 3. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period
of two weeks.

Proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this 4th day of May, 1934, by the following
vote: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

Published in the Las Vegas age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, one a week for two weeks, to wit May 11th and May 18th, 1934.

Read the second time and passed this 4th day of June, 1934, by the following vote:
Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

Approved this 4th day of June, 1934.

E.W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

(City Seal)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF. NEVADA) ss

County of Clark)

J.W. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is managing
editor of the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance #208 was published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from May 11, 1934
to May 18, 1934 being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

May 11 and 18, 1934.

hat said newspaper was regularly issued on each of the dates above named. That the legal
charge for publishing the same was $18.60.

Signed J.W. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th day of May 1934.

C.D. Breeze,	

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 209.

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE DISTRIBUTION AND CONTROL OF IN-
TOXICATING AND ALCOHOLIC LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES; REGULATING PLACES WHERE AND UNDER WHAT
CONDITIONS SAID INTOXICATING AND ALCOHOLIC LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES MAY BE KEPT, SOLD, GIVEN
AWAY OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED; PROVIDING FOR PERMITS AND LICENSES; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR
THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN
CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 6, as amended, is here by further amended to read as follows:
Section 6. Drug stores and retail liquor establishments for the sale or distribution
of alcoholic liquors may, in the discretion of the Board, be maintained anywhere within the
limits of said city, except as prohibited by subdivision (6) of Section 18 of this ordin-
ance. Any spirituous liquors sold therein shall be sold in the original container as re-
ceived from the distiller or wholesaler, and not consumed on the premises.

Section 2. Subdivision (8) of Section 16 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 16. (8) For retail liquor establishment or drug store for the distribution of alco-
holic liquors in original containers as received from the distiller or wholesaler, not to be
[consumed on the premises, selling spirituous liquors in quantities not exceeding one quart
or thirty-two fluid ounces, wines in quantities of not more than one gallon, or beer in
quantities of not more than one case, or twenty-four pints, the sum of Fifty ($50.00)

Dollars per quarter;

Section 3. Subdivision (9) of Section 18 is hereby amended to read as follows:

[Section 16. (9) For a retail establishment or drug store for the distribution of alcoholic
liquors in original containers as received from the distiller or wholesaler, not to be con-
sumed on the premises, in quantities not exceeding 4.9 gallons to the same person or for the
same person's use at any one time, the sum of One Hundred Twenty-five ($125.00) Dollars
per quarter.

Section 4. Subdivision (3) of Section 18 is hereby a mended to read as follows:

 Section 18.(3) for any gambling games of any kind, save and except duly licensed slot mach-
ines, to be conducted, carried on suffered or allowed in and about premises
where alcoholic liquors containing more than twenty (20%) of alcohol, by weight, are sold
or distributed; nor shall such premises be connected with or have openings into any
place where gambling or gaming in any form, save and except duly licensed slot machines, are
allowed, carried on or conducted.

Section 5. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance
are hereby repealed.

Section 6. This ordinance shall take effect immediately after publication and

passage.

Section 7. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in
the Las Vegas, Age, a newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, once a week for two
weeks.

Proposed, read aloud in full and adopted this 4th day of June, 1934, by the follow-
ing vote: Commissioners Arnett, and Marble, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes one,
Commissioner Down.

Published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, once a week for two weeks, to-wit June 8 and June 15th, 1934.

Read the second time and passed this 6th day of July 1934, by the following
vote: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes none.

Approved this 6th day of July, 1934.

W.C.German,

Mayor Pro Tem.

Attest:

Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

(City Seal.
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
County of Clark)

Dorothy D. Pearce, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That she is associate
editor of the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance #209 was published in the said newspaper for a period of two weeks from June
8, 1934 to June 15, 1934 being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to
wit: June 8 and 15, 1934.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the legal charge for publishing the same was $38.00

Signed Dorothy D. Pearce.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
18th day of June 1934.

C.D. Breeze,

Notary Public In and for Clark County,
Nevada.

My Commission expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 210.

AN ORDINANCE TO FIX, IMPOSE AND PROVIDE FOR THE COLLECTION OF A LICENSE TAX ON MOTOR
PROPELLED VEHICLES OPERATED FOR HIRE, AND TO REGELATE THE OPERATION AND RUNNING OF THE SAME,
WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS: FIXING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS
OF THIS ORDINANCE: AND REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 100 AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDIN-
ANCES IN CONFLICT HERE WITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas fo ordain as follows:

Section 1. Definition of Terms - Unless it appears from the context that a different
meaning is intended, the following words shall have the meaning attached to them by this
section:

(a)	A "vehicle" shall mean and include any taxicab, rent service car or self-propelled
motor vehicle employed in the business of carrying passengers for hire within the City of
Las Vegas and not operated over fixed over fixed routes or between certain definite points.

(b)	"Streets" shall mean and include all avenues open to public travel and traffic
within the City of Las Vegas.

(c)	"Person" shall mean and include both the singular and plural, and embrace each and
every person, firm, corporation or association of persons.

Section 2. Application for License - Any person desiring to engage in the business of
operating or running a vehicle, as herein defined, within the City of Las Vegas shall file
with the City Clerk a written application for license so to do, which application shall set
forth:	

(a)	The type of vehicle and the name under which the same is manufactured or sold, or
commonly known.

(b)	The horse-power thereof;

(c)	The factory number thereof;

(d)	The state, county, or city license number thereof;

(e)	The seating capacity thereof according to its trade rating, or the actual seating
capacity thereof in case the same has been altered, reconstructed, or privately built;

(f) The name of the owner, lessee, or the person having the control thereof and the name
and age of the person or persons to be in immediate charge thereof as operator or chauffeur;

(g)	The hours of operation, or the operating schedule to be maintained, and the tariff
of fares to be charged for such service;

(h)	That the operator or chauffeur is physically qualified to safely operate a vehicle
and has good sight and hearing and the holder of a State of Nevada operators license.

(i)	he signature of each applicant and of the person or persons to be in immediate
charge of such vehicle as operator or chauffeur, as provided in subdivision (f) supra, shall
be acknowledged before a Notary Public or some other officer or magistrate duly authorized
to administer oaths.

Section 3. Security to be Furnished - Every Person, firm association or corporation
engaged in operating taxicabs, rent car service or ary vehicle as herein defined, for hire
in the City of Las Vegas shall furnish automobile liability policy for payment of damages
by reason or personal injury or death to any person or persons of at least Five Thousand
($5,000.00) Dollars, and for damage to property of a least Five Thousand ($5,000.00) Dollars,
resulting from any one accident.

When any person, firm, association or Corporation is operating more than one (l) vehicle
as herein defined for hire at any one time in the City of Las Vegas, the said owner shall
furnish an additional automobile liability policy for each additional car operated.

Section 3b. Any person, firm, association or corporation operating any rent service
known as drive-ur-self service, wherein cars are rented to individuals to drive themselves,
or any individual person renting his or her privately owned car to any individual to
drive, shall post the same bond, insurance policy or security as herein provided for taxicabs
or rent service cars, and for failure to do so will be guilty of a violation of this
ordinance, and subject to the penalty thereof.

Automobile liability policy or policies furnished as herein provided shall be a motor
vehicle liability policy of an insurance company authorized to transact business in the
State of Nevada for the number of cars operated as herein provided.

Section 4. Presentation to the Board of City Commissioners- It shall be the duty of
the City Clerk to present the application and evidence of insurance as herein provided, to
the Board of City Commissioners at its first meeting subsequent to she filing; and the
Board of City Commissioners shall thereupon grant such license when it appears that all
the terms, conditions and provisions of this ordinance made and prescribed have been met
and fully complied with; and the Board of City Commissioners shall, before granting said
license, approve or modify, and approve as modified, the operating schedule and tariff of
fares; and the acceptance of such license shall be deemed an agreement by the person to whom
it is granted to operate his vehicle, or vehicles upon said schedule, and for the said
fares; and for failure so to do the license which may be in force shall be subject to
revocation.

Section 5. City Clerk to Issue Licenses - Upon the Board of City Commissioners granting
the license as hereinbefore provided, the City Clerk shall issue the same, upon the payment
in advance, or a license tax, as follows:

For each vehicle capable of seating not more than seven (7) passengers, the sum of
Five ($5.00) Dollars per quarter.

For each vehicle capable of seating not more than twelve  (12) passengers, the sum of
Ten ($10.00) per quarter.

For each vehicle capable of seating not more than Twenty (20) passengers the sum of
Fifteen ($15.00) per quarter.

Section 6. Maintenance of Security - If, at any time, in the judgement of the Board
of City Commissioners, the policy, or policies, of insurance, as herein provided, are not
sufficient for any cause, the Board of City Commissioners may require the person to whom
the license was issued to replace said policy of insurance satisfactory to the Board of
City Commissioners, and in default hereof, said license may be revoked.

Section 7. Certain acts Unlawful - It shall be unlawful:

(a)	To operate a vehicle, as herein defined, within the City of Las Vegas without
first obtaining a license, provided the security as herein provided, and paid the pre-
scribed tax therefor, as in this ordinance provided:

(b)	To fail to display the state, county or city license number of such vehicle.

(c)	To permit passengers to ride on the running boards or sit upon the doors of such
vehicle, and to permit more than one person to ride with the operator or chauffeur;

(d)	To operate any vehicle at a rate of speed in excess of that fixed by the laws
of the State of Nevada and the ordinances of the City of Las Vegas;

(e)	To fail to come to a full stop within twenty-five (25) feet of the nearest rail
of any steam railroad when approaching the same, and to proceed across said railroad track
without first determining that no engine, car, or train is approaching in the direction

of said vehicle.

(f)	The alter the seating capacity of any vehicle so as to make the seating capacity
thereof greater than is provided for by the license under which it is operated, without
the consent of the Board of City Commissioners:

(g) To, fail, refuse or neglect to operate such vehicle in accordance with the de-
signated tariff or fares and during the hours set forth in the application made for such
vehicle license, except on Sundays and a reasonable time for going to and from meals, and
in case of accidents, break-downs, or other casualties, or upon the surrender of said
license.

Section 9. Revocation of License - Any license issued hereunder may be revoked by
the Board of City Commissioners for any violation of the provisions of this ordinance for
the failure to pay any judgement for damages arising from the unlawful or negligent operation
of the vehicle for which such license was issued, or for violation of the traffic ordinances
of the City of Las Vegas, or any law of the State of Nevada, now or hereafter to be in
force and effect.

Section 10. Provisions Separable - The holding or adjustication of any section or
sections of this ordinance to be invalid shall not effect the remaining sections thereof,
but all other such sections shall remain and be in full force and effect.

Section 11. Penalty - Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon the conviction thereof shall be fined
in any sum not exceeding Three Hundred ($300.00) Dollars or by imprisonment in the City
jail of the City of Las Vegas for not more than one hundred fifty
(150) days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 12. Separate Offences - Each and every day's violation of the provisions of
this ordinance by any operator, chauffeur or owner of any vehicle shall constitute a
separate and distinct offence.

Section 13. Repealing Clause - All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
with this ordinance shall be and the same are, hereby repealed, and particularly Ordin-
ance No. 100.

-
Section 14. When to take Effect - This ordinance shall take effect October 1st, 1934

Section 15. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in Las Vegas Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
for a period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

Proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this 6th day of July, 1934, by the follow-
ing vote: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye.

Noes none.

Published in the Las Vegas Review-Journal a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, once a week for two weeks, to-wit July 10th and July 17th 1934.

Read the second time and passed this 5th day of September, 1934 by the following
vote: Commissioners Arnett, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Approved this 5th day of September, 1934.

E.W. Cragin
Mayor

Attest:

Viola Burns,

City Clerk

( City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )ss
County of Clark )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was
continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from July 10th to July
17th inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July
10-17.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th
day of July 1934.

A.E. Cahlan

	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires
Dec 28 1934
(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 211
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE.

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT THE WASTE OF WATER: DEFINING WASTE OF WATER:
REGULATING THE USE THEREOF: LIMITING THE TIME DURING WHICH WATER MAY BE USED FOR SPRINKL-
ING OR IRRIGATION, AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE, AND REPEAL-
ING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is threatened with a water shortage on account of the
diminishing supply flowing from the artesian wells in said City and on account of the
present waste thereof by the inhabitants of said City, and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners deem it expedient and necessary for the pro-
tection of health, comfort, safety, life, welfare and property of the inhabitants of said
City to regulate the use of water therein and to prevent the waste thereof, NOW, THEREFORE,

Section 1. The Waste of water in the City of Las Vegas is hereby prohibited and de-
clared unlawful.

Section 2. Any one of the following acts shall constitute waste of water, as the term
is used in the ordinance:

(a)	Permitting a hydrant, tap, cock or value connected with any water system belong-
ing to any public utility, to leak, onto the ground or into any sink, bowl, toilet or
tub connected with a sewer or cesspool, after the person has been notified to remedy such
leak whether by a police officer or an officer of any public utility as here after de-
fined.

(b)	Using water from any system belonging to any public utility for the purpose of
cooling the rook of any building.

(c)	Permitting water from any water system belonging to any public utility to flow
from ny hose, tap, valve, hydrant, pipe or cock directly into any sewer or cesspool for

thirty minutes of ponger without first putting such water to a beneficial use.
Section 3. The use of water from any water system belonging to any public utility for
the purpose of sprinkling or irrigating to water lawns, trees, hedges, gardens the
ground is hereby prohibited between the hours of 8' o'clock A.M. and 5 o'clock P.M. and be-
tween the hours of 8 o'clock P.M. and the follow ng day at 5 A.M.

Section 4. The provisions of the ordinance shall be effective from and after its
adoption and complete publication and until September 15th, 1934.

Section 5. The term "public utility" as herein used shall mean and embrace all corpor-
ations, companies, individuals, associations, there lessees, trustees, or receivers, that
now or may hereafter own, operate or control any plant dr equipment or any part of a plant
or equipment within the City of Las Vegas for the production, delivery or furnishing for
or to other persons, firms, associations or corporations partly or wholly from an artesian
well or wells, water for business, manufacturing, agricultural or household use.

Section 6. Any violation of this ordinance or any of the provisions thereof shall
constitute a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not to exceed fifty ($50.00)
Dollars or by imprisonment in the City jail of the City of Las Vegas for a period of not to
exceed twenty-five (25) days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 7. All ordinance and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.

Section 8. This ordinance is declared and passed as an emergency ordinance and shall be
effective on and after August 2, 1934.

Section 9. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas for a period of two weeks, that is to day: once each week.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a Special
called meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the 17th day of
July, 1934, and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon second reading on said last
mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor
Pro Tem voting aye. Noes none.

Approved this 17th day of July, 1934.

W.C. German

Mayor Pro Tem.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
City Seal.

Published July 18th and 25th, 1934.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA	)

County of Clark	)ss

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks from July 18th to July 25th inclusive,
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 18-25
hat said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th day of July 1934.

My commission Expires Dec 28 1934.	A.E. Cahlan,

Notary Public in and for Clark County
Nevada.

(Notarial Seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 212.

AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT THE DRINKING OF INTOXICATING LIQUORS IN ANY PUBLIC PLACE
OR IN VEHICLES IN ANY PUBLIC PLACE IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, AND PROVIDING A -
PUNISHMENT THEREFOR.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. For the purpose of this ordinance a "public place" shall be defined to be
any street, alley, sidewalk, thoroughfare, vacant lot, public park, school or municipal
premises, or entrance of any store, hotel, or other public building, in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada.

Section 2. Any person who shall drink any intoxicating liquor in any public place as
herein defined, or in any vehicle in any public place, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be fined in any
sum not to exceed One Hundred Dollars ($100.00), or imprisoned in the City jail for a
period not exceeding fifty (50) days, or shall be punished by both such fine and imprison-
ment.

Section 3. This ordinance shall take effect immediately upon its passage and publication.

Section 4. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, once a week
for a period of two weeks.

Proposed, read aloud in full and adopted, this 15th day of November, 1934, by the follow-
ing vote: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes hone.

Published in the Las Vegas Review-Journal a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, once a week for two weeks, to-wit: November 16 and November 23, 1934.

Read the second time and passed this 4th day of December, 1934, by the following
vote: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German, Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

Approved this 4th day of December, 1934.

E.W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

(City seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
County of Clark)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of Two Weeks from Nov 15th to
Nov 23rd inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

Nov 16-23 That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day
of December 1934.

A.E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commissioner Expires
December 28, 1934.

(Notarial Seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 213.

AN ORDINANCE FORBIDDING SOLICITORS, PEDDLERS, HAWKERS, ITINERANT MERCHANTS AND
TRANSIENT VENDERS OF MERCHANDISE FROM TRESPASSING IN AND UPON PRIVATE RESIDENCES WHEN
UNINVITED SO TO DO BY THE OWNERS AND OCCUPANTS OF SAID PRIVATE RESIDENCES, IN SOLICITING
AND ATTEMPTING TO SOLICIT ORDERS, OR IN SELLING AND EXPOSING FOR SALE WARES AND MER-
CHANDISE, AND DECLARING SUCH SOLICITING TO BE A NUISANCE, AND FIXING THE PENALTY FOR
COMMITTING SUCH NUISANCES.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. The practise of going in and upon private residences in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, by solicitors, peddlers, hawkers, itinerant merchants and transient venders
of merchandise, not having been requested or invited so to do by the owner or owners,
occupant or occupants of said private residence, for the purpose of soliciting orders
for the sale of goods, wares and merchandise, or for the purpose of disposing of or peddl-
ing or hawking the same, is hereby declared to be a nuisance, and punishable as such
nuisance as a misdemeanor.

Section 2. Any person convicted of perpetrating a nuisance as described and prohibited
in Section 1 of this ordinance shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be fined in any
sum not exceeding One Hundred Dollars, ($100.00) or imprisoned in the City Jail for a
period not exceeding fifty (50) days, or shall be punished by both such fine and imprison-
ment.

Section 3. This ordinance shall take effect immediately upon its publication and passage.

Section 4. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, once a week
for a period of two weeks.

Proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted, this 15th day of November, 1934, by the
following vote: Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

Published in the Las Vegas Review-Journal a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, once a week for two weeks, to-wit : November 16th, and November 23rd,

1934.

Read the second time and passed this 4th day of December 1934, by the following vote:
Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Approved this 4th day of December, 1934.

E.W. Cragin
Mayor

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA	)ss

County of Clark	)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Vegas Evening Review-Journal., a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and pub-
lished at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was
continuously published in said newspaper for a period of Two Weeks, from Nov. 16th to
Nov 23rd inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

Nov 16-23 That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd
day of December 1934.

A.E.Cahlan

Notary Publis in and for Clark County,
Nevada.

My commission expires Dec 28 1934.

(Notarial Seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 214

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION II, AND SECTION III, AS AMENDED, AND SECTION V, AS AMENDED
OF ORDINANCE NO. 168, ENTITLED, "AN ORDINANCE OF THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
ESTABLISHING A RESIDENCE DISTRICT, INDUSTRIAL DISTRICT AND COMMERCIAL DISTRICT WITHIN
THE SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS: DEFINING SUCH DISTRICTS: DECLARING IT UNLAWFUL TO ERECT,
ESTABLISH, MAINTAIN, OR OPERATE CERTAIN FACTORIES, WORKS, OR ESTABLISHMENTS WITHIN SAID
RESIDENCE DISTRICTS AND SAID COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS: REGULATING THE ERECTION, ESTABLISHMENT
MAINTENANCE, OPERATION AND REBUILDING OF CERTAIN WORKS OR ESTABLISHMENTS IN SAID DISTRICTS
PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF SAID ORDINANCE, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES IN
CONFLICT HEREWITH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 11 of Ordinance No. 168 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 11. That the commercial districts are hereby created and established within
the said City as described as follows:

All frontage on Fremont Street from Main Street to the east City Limits to a depth
not exceeding one hundred fifty (150) feet; all frontage on Fifth Street from the south
City limits to the north property line of Stewart Street, to a depth not exceeding one
hundred fifty (150) feet All frontage on the east side of Fifth Street from the north
property line of Stewart Street to the north City limits to a depth not exceeding one
hundred fifty (150) feet; all lots fronting on First Street from Bridger Street to
Stewart Street; all lots fronting on Second Street front Stewart Street to Clark Street;

all lots fronting on Third Street from Stewart Street to Bridger Street; all lots front-
ing on Fourth Street from Stewart Street to Bridger Street. All lots on Sixth, Seventh,
Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh and Twelfth Streets from Stewart Street to Carson Street;
all lots fronting on the south side of Stewart Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street;
all lots fronting on Ogden Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street. All lots on Clark
Avenue and Wilson Avenue in original Townsite; All frontage on Main Street (East Bide) from
south property line of Stewart Street to south City limits, not exceeding one hundred
fifty (150) feet depth.

Section 2. Section 111 of said Ordinance No. 168, as amended, is hereby amended
to read as follows:

That the industrial districts are hereby created and established within the said
City as described as follows:

All that portion of the City of Las Vegas west of the east property line of Main
Street, north of Charleston Boulevard, (except the original Townsite; H.F.M. & M. Addit-
ion; Valley View Addition: Woodlawn Park) and that portion west of the prolongation
of Main Street south of Charleston Boulevard; and also that portion of the City of Las
Vegas, east of the east property line of Stewart Street to the North City limits (except
Parkview Addition and the Las Vegas City Park).

Section 3. Section V of said Ordinance No. 168, as amended, is hereby amended to
read as follows:

Section V. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to erect
establish, operate, carry on, or maintain any of the following named factories, plants,
works, or establishments within the City of Las Vegas, except within the boundaries
of the said industrial districts; to-wit: fireworks factories, shoe factories, rolling
mill, furniture factory, planing mill, gas factory or plant, gas works, soap factory,
glue factory, tallow rendering establishments, wholesale dye and cleaning establishments
employing five persons or more, tannery, foundary, oil well, oil refinery, any plant
for the storage of more than 2200 gallons of oil, gasoline, coal oil or other petroleum
product or products, cannery, winery, fertilizer factory, public hay barn, rock crucher,
lumber yard, any plant for the manufacture of shoe blackening, insect poison or extermin-
ator, tar roofing or water proofing, rubber or gutta percha, creosote, mattress factory,
any stone year, monument works, stove polish, paint, shellac, varnish, vinegar, storage
batteries, gelatine or sizing, sulphuric acid, nitric acid, hydrochloric acid, yeast,
soda, dye stuffs, brick, steel tanks, tile or terra cotta; asphalt, potash works, tar
distillation, wool pulling or scouring, crematory, and plant of the distillation of bones,
coal and wood, plating works, curing or storage of raw hides or skins, contractor's
plant or storage yard; cooperage works, oiled, rubber or leather goods factory, coal,
coke, or wookd yard, acetylene gas manufacture or storage, wholesale poultry house,
burlap manufacture or bag cleaning, ammonia, bleaching powder, chlorine manufacture,
boiler works, andy kind of manufacture or treatment other than the manufacture or treat-
ment of products purely incidental to the conduct of a retail business conducted on the
premises, provided such industrial use occupies more than 20 per cent of the floor space
of the building on such premises; any trade industry or use that is noxious or offensive
by reason of the emission of odor, dust smoke or noise; provided, however, that the
provisions of this section shall not apply to any works factory or establishment of any
of the kinds or varieties in this Section enumerated where such works, factory or estab-
lishment is now being maintained, operated or carried on at the time of the adoption of
this ordinance.

Section 4. All Ordinances ar parts of Ordinance in conflict herewith, are hereby
repealed.

Section 5. This Ordinance is declared passed as an emergency Ordinance, and shall
take effect immediately after its passage and complete publication.
Section 6. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on
the 19th day of April, 1935, and was passed as an emergency Ordinance upon the second
reading on last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, Marble,

Down and Honor the Mayor Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

ATTEST:

VIOLA BURNS
CITY CLERK

Approved this 19th day of April, 1935,

E.W. CRAGIN

MAYOR OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) 
County of Clark) ss

J.W. Squires being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Managing Editor of the Las
Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance #214
was published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from April 19, 1935 to April
26, 1935 being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to wit:

April 19 and 26, 1935.

hat said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That that the legal charge for publishing the same was $65.10.

Signed J.W. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
30th day of April 1935.

C.D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26m 1935.

( Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 215	_

An ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada to borrow the sum of two hundred fifty thousand dollars (250,000) with
which to establish, create or acquire by purchase, or construction, a municipally owned
electrical power plant and distribution system, and incidental facilities and to issue
and sell the general obligation bonds of the city of Las Vegas to secure the same, and
other matters relating thereto.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1. A municipally owned and operated power plant and distribution system for
the distribution of electrical energy to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby determined and declared to be a public use for the purpose of the City.

Section S, That for the purpose of paying the purchase price of the existing power
system of the Southern Nevada Power Company, or the cost of the construction of a new
municipal power plant and distribution system, which ever may appear to the Board of
City Commissioners to be the more economical, under and by virture of the authority vested
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada by Section 4 of Chapter 1 of Chapter 132, Laws of 1911,
the same being an act entitled:

"An act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas, in Clark County, and defining the
boundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishment of a city government there-
for, and other matters relating thereto."

approved March 16, 1911, as amended by Chapter 36, Laws 1935, being an act entitled:

"An Act to amend an act entitled "An Act to amend an act entitled "An act to
incorporate the town of Las Vegas, in Clark County, and defining the boundaries
thereof, and to authorized the establishment of a city government therefor, and
other matters relating thereto," approved March 16, 1911' as amended, by amending
section 4 of chapter 1 thereof; Section 10 of chapter 11, as amended, thereof;

Section 20 of chapter 11 thereof; section 21 of chapter 11 thereof; section 31
of chapter 11, as amended, thereof; section 53 of chapter 11 thereof; and
section 76 of chapter 11 thereof, together with all other acts amendatory thereof
and supplemental thereto."

approved March 13, 1935, and subsection 5 of Section 31 of Chapter 11 of Chapter 132
of the Laws of 1911, being an act Entitled:
"An act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas, in Clark County, and defining the
boundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishment of a city government therefor, and
other matters relating thereto."

as amended by Chapter 36 of the Laws of 1935, being an act entitled:

"An Act to amend an act entitled 'An act to amend an act entitled "An Act to incor-
porate the town of Las Vegas, in Clark County, and defining the boundaries thereof,
and to authorize the establishment of a city government therefor, and other matters
relating thereto," approved March 16, 1911,' as amended, by amending section 4 of
chapter 1 thereof; section 10 of chapter 11, as amended, thereof; section 20 of chapter
11 thereof; section 31 of chapter 11, as amended, thereof; section 53 of chapter 11
thereof; and section 76 of chapter 11 thereof, together with all other act amend-
atory thereof and supplemental thereto."

approved March 13, 1935, and any further authority granted by the general laws of the State
of Nevada and/or charter of the city of Las Vegas, and pursuant to the proclamation of the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas heretofore issued at its regular meet-
ing held on the 4th day of October, 1935, and published on the 4th, 11th, and 18th days of
October, 1935, in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation regularly
published on Friday of each week in the said City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las V gas is hereby authorized, empowered
and directed to issue in the name of the city of Las Vegas and for and on behalf of the City
of Las Vegas two hundred fifty (250) general obligation bonds of the value of one thousand
dollars (1000) each, which said bonds shall he numbered consecutively from one (1) to two hun-
dred fifty (250) inclusive, and shall mature and become payable at annual periods as
follows: Numbers 1 to 30 inclusive of the said bonds shall mature and become payable on
January 1, 1938; number 31 to 60 inclusive shall mature and become payable on January 1,
1939; number 61 to 90 inclusive shall mature and become payable on January 1, 1940; numbers
91 to 120 inclusive shall mature and become payable on January 1, 1941; numbers 121 to 150
inclusive shall mature and become payable on January 1, 1942; numbers 151 to 180 inclusive
shall mature and become payable on January 1, 1943; numbers 181 to 210 inclusive shall
mature and become payable on	January 1, 1944; numbers 211 to 250	inclusive shall mature and

become payable on January 1,	1945; Each of the	said bonds shall	bear interest at the

rate if four percents (4%) per annum, said interest to be payable semi-annually on the first
day of July and the first day of January of each year. Said bonds shall be designated as
Las Vegas Power Bonds, series 1936 -45.

Section 3. The said bonds, or such proportion thereof as may be necessary to accom-
plish the purpose herein expressed, shall be sold to the bidder making the highest and
best bid.

Section 4. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause the said
bonds to be prepared in appropriate form with appropriate recitals necessary to secure the
holders thereof, and to make the Bonds legal and effective general obligation against the
City of Las Vegas. The bonds	shall be signed by	the Mayor of the	city of Las Vegas, or	the

Mayor Pro Tem of the city of	Las Vegas, and the	City Clerk or the Deputy City Clerk of	the

City of Las Vegas, and counter-signed by the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, and
shall be authenticated by the seal of the city of Las Vegas. The said bonds shall contain
coupons attached to the several bonds representing the several installments of interest
to fall due thereon so that they may be removed without injury to the Bond or coupon. The

coupons shall be numbered consecutively and bear the signature or facsimile signature of the Mayor, or Mayor
pro tem, and counter-signature, or facsimile countersignature of the City Clerk, or the
Deputy City Clerk, and the signature or facsimile signature of the City Treasurer. Said
bonds shall bear date of January 1, 1936.

The said bonds, or as many thereof as may be necessary, in the judgment of the Board
City Commissioners to accomplish the purpose herein expressed, shall be sold as herein
provided, and the proceeds thereof shall be placed in a city fund designated as the
"City Power Bond Fund."

The said City power bond fund so derived from the sale of such bonds shall be used
for the purpose of establishing, creating or acquiring by purchase or through construction
whichever may appear to the Board of City Commissioners to be the more economical, a
municipally owned power plant and distribution system and incidental purposes, and for pur-
poses connected therewith, and for no other purposes.

Section 5. The said bonds so issued shall be a lien upon any plant so acquired by
the City.

Section 6. When such plant shall be acquired as herein provided, the Board of City
Commissioners shall charge a price for power distributed over such system sufficient,
in addition to the operating costs, to pay the interest upon the said bonds as the same
shall become due, and in addition thereto, a sum shall be collected by the Board of City
Commissioners from the sale of such power sufficient to redeem and retire the said bonds
upon their respective maturity dates.

Section 7. The issuance of the bonds herein provided for shall be conclusive evidence
of the regularity of all proceedings up to the issuance of said bonds, and in the event
that the	created from the sale of power distributed over such system shall be in-

sufficient to pay the principal upon redeem the said bonds and to pay the interest
thereon as the respective amounts become due, then and in such event, the deficiency shall
be paid by the Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas from the general fund of the City, and
each of such bonds issued under the authority of this ordinance shall contain a provision
to that effect. Said bonds shall be exempt from city taxation.
 Section 8. If any section, subsection, sentence, clause or phrase of this ordinance is, for
reason, held to be unconstitutional or invalid such decision shall not affect the re-
maining portion of this ordinance.

The Board of City Commissioners hereby declare it would have passed this ordinance and
each and every section and subsection thereof, irrespective of the fact that any one or more
of the sections, subsections, clauses or phrases be declared inconstitutional or invalid.

Section 9. This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption,
approval and the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly
newspaper, published in the city of Las Vegas,, and, its final passage.

Section 10. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed
to cause this ordinance to be published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, pub-
lished in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks im-
mediately following its first reading.

This ordinance was read for the first time, proposed, considered and voted upon this
4th day of November, 1935.

Voting ayes. Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
L.L. Arnett.

Voting nays NONE

Absent: NONe	L.L. Arnett

Mayor.

Viola Burns
Attest:	City Clerk

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board on the 4th day of November, 1935, at which time it was proposed, considered and
voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly
newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive
weeks immediately following its first reading. And it was there after read aloud, to the
Board for the second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at a regular meeting of the
Board held on the fourth day of December, 1935.

Voting ayes: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
L.L. Arnett.

L.L. Arnett,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )ss

County of Clark )

J.W. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the Managing Editor of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Publication of Ordinance No. 215

Was published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks from November 8th to November 15, 1935
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to wit: November 8th and 15th
1935.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the legal charge for publishing the same was $93.90.

Signed J.W. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th day of December, 1935.

Joe Hufford,

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commissioner Expires May 8, 1939.

( Notarial Seal)

__ORDINANCE NO. 216

An Ordinance defining Garbage and Rubbish and regulating the collection and disposal
of garbage, and rubbish in the City of Las Vegas, and metters relating thereto and pro-
viding penalties for the violation of the provisions thereof and repealing certain ordin-
ances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith, and other matters relating thereto.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1.— For the purpose of this ordinance to work "garbage" shall be held to
mean and include and does include all kitchen and table refuse and offal, swill, and also
every accumulation of animal, vegetable and other matter, that tends the preparation of
consumption, sale or, dealing in or storing of meats, fish, fowls, birds, fruits and veg-
etables unsuitable for culinary purposes. And also all refuse, crockery, bottles, tin
vessels trimmings from lawns and flower gardens, paste board boxes, paper straw, packing
materials, boxes, ashes, and all waste matters, wherever the same may be accumulated
within the city limits of the City of Las Vegas, whether at residences, warehouses, store
houses or other places.

Section 2— It shall be unlawful for any person, company, or corporation having in his,
her of its possession or control garbage, to sell give away, or dispose of such garbage,
except as hereinafter provided.

Section 3-- All table and kitchen scraps, vegetable and meat scraps suitable for animal
or fowl consumption shall be known as "wet garbage", and it shall be placed by the
person having control over the same in a fit garbage container and shall be free from
coffee grounds, glass, metal, wood and allother substances not suitable for animal food,
with a tight cover maintained thereon so as to prevent ingress into the said container
of flies.

Section 4— All other garbage, excepting that mentioned in the next receding section,
including trash, refuse, rubbish, tin cans, broken glass, glassware, waste matter, scrap
material, and all rubbish of any nature the dimentions, weight or size of which will permit
shall be known as "dry garbage" and shall be placed in a container suitable to safely
secure same separate from the wet garbage.

Section 5-— Every place of business and every dwelling place within the City of Las Vegas
must provide and maintain sufficient metal containers of adequate capacity and suitable
in size for the collection and storage of garbage and refuse separately. Such containers
must be maintained in good conditions, without breaks or leaks, and of such shape and
size that the collectors may conveniently carry and dump the garbage therein into trucks
used for that purpose without spilling the contents upon themselves to the ground. Such
containers shall be placed so as to be readily assessable for removing and emptying by
collectors, and they must be protected and secured so as not to be easily overturned by
dogs or other animals. Every owner or occupant of premises or person under whose control

premises may be, shall keep such___premises, including the alley in the rear, clean and

clear of all garbage, rubbish or refuse or unwholesome matter of every kind.

Section 6— All trash, refuse, rubbish, dirt, building material, tree leaves, limbs,
trimmings and roots, auto bodies, scrap metal or other scrap material of any nature, shape
size, or weight that cannot be conveniently dumped into the trucks from the containers
mentioned in section 3 and 4 shall be known as "rubbish" and shall be collected by the
occupants of the premises and conveyed or caused to be conveyed by the occupant of the
said premises to the City Dump.

Provided, however, occupants of premises may burn shall quantities of dry rubbish on
the premises such as leaves, paper and lawn and flower cuttings, provided, however, in no
event shall any rubbish be burned between two hours before sundown and sunrise of the
following day or in such manner or at any such place as to create a fire hazard to his
own or another's property.

"Rubbish" as herein defined shall not be piled or collected or permitted to be piled
or collected in any street or alley within the city.

Section 7-- All garbage mentioned in sections 3 and 4 of this ordinance shall be removed
from the premises under the supervision and direction of the Sewer Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, and by no other person under such conditions and pursuant to such
regulation as said Commissioners shall hereafter from time to time promulgate. After wet
and dry garbage shall have been placed in the said containers as herein provided, no
person shall distrub the said containers or the contents thereof or remove the same or
interfere therewith, except the agents or contractors of the City and under the super-
vision and direction of the Sewer Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 8— Provided, however, that any person accumulating wet garbage as herein defined
may use the same for the purpose of feeding his own chickens or rabbits wherever by law
or city ordinance such person is permitted to keep or maintain chickens or rabbits.

Section 9— All "wet garbage" all "dry garbage," and all "rubbish" as defined in sections
three, four and six of this Ordinance is hereby declared to be the property of the City
of Las Vegas, after removal to City Dump.

Section 10—Fees FOR the maintenance of the garbage collection service shall be paid
by the owner or occupant of the premises, in an amount and at the time to be fixed from
time to time by resolution of the Board, and shall be paid to the City Clerk, who is
authorized to give receipt therefor.

Section 11-- Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and, upon conviction of same, shall be punished by a fine
of not less than five dollars and not exceeding the sum of two hundred and fifty dollars,
or by imprisonment in the City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of but not exceed-
ing two dollars for each day of such fine, in case such fine is not paid, or by imprison-
ment in the City Jail for a period not to exceed thirty days, or by such fine and impri-
sonment.
Section 12— Ordinance No. 138 entitled, "An ordinance regulating the collection and fixing
and establishing of rates and compensation to be collected by any person, company or corpor-
ation collecting garbage in the City of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance No. 80 of the
City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the storage
and removal of garbage, offal, and refuse, animal and vegetable matter", approved January
6, 1921, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," approved July
5th, 1929, and all ordinance and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 130- This Ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption
approval and publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, and its final passage.

This Ordinance was read aloud in full for the first time, proposed, considered and voted
upon this 18th day of, December, 1935.

Voting Ayes: Commissioners Farnsworth, and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down.

Nayes, none.

Absent Commissioner Marble and Mayor Arnett.

James H. Down

Mayor pro tem of the City oc Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk and Clerk of the
Board of City Commissioners.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed regular meeting
of the Board on the 18th day of December, 1935, at which time it was proposed, considered
and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Review-
Journal, a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a
week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And it was there-
after read aloud, to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at
a regular meeting of the Board held on the fourth day of January, 1936.

Voting ayes: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
L.L. Arnett.

Noes none.

Absent none.	L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
(City seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss
County of Clark )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was contin-
uously published in said newspaper for a period of Two Weeks from December 19th to Dec
26th, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

December 19th - 26th.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day of
January 1936.

A.E.Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada.

May Commission Expires Jan 12 1938
(Notarial seal)
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
ORDINANCE NO. 217

An Ordinance to prohibit the removal from without the City of Las Vegas to points within
the City of Las Vegas and to prohibit the maintenance with the City of houses and structures
constructed or reconstructed elsewhere, and to prevent the removal of houses and struct-
ures from one place within the City of Las Vegas and to prohibit the maintenance thereof
within the City of Las Vegas and providing penalties for the violations of this ordinance,
and other matters relating thereto:

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, corporation or association to
remove or cause to be removed from without the City of Las Vegas to any place or point
with in the exterior boundaries of the City of Las Vegas, any house or structure or part of
a house or structure theretofore constructed or reconstructed without the City of Las
Vegas, without first obtaining the written permission of the City Engineer of the City
of Las Vegas so to do.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, corporation or association re-
sponsible therefor, or owner of any such house or structure or part of a house or stru-
cture constructed or reconstructed in any place without the exterior boundaries of the City
of Las Vegas and which has been removed to the City of Las Vegas without the permission
aforesaid, and every day that such house or structure shall be permitted to remain in
the City limits of the City of Las Vegas, without the permission aforesaid, shall be
deemed a separate offense.

Section 3. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, corporation or association to
remove	from one	place within	the City limits of the	City of Las Vegas to	another	place

within	the City	of Las Vegas	any house or	structure	without first having	obtained	the

written permission of the City Engineer of the City of Las Vegas so to do.

Section 4. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, or association to maintain
in any	place within the City	of Las Vegas	any house	or structure removed	from one	place

within	the City	to any other	place within	the City without the written permission	of the

City Engineer so first had and obtained, and each and every day that the owner, person,
firm, or association, or the party responsible for the same, shall cause or permit such
house, or structure, to so remain at a place to which it has been removed, without per-
mission as aforesaid, shall be deemed a separate offence for the purpose of this ordinance.

Section 5. Provided, however, this ordinance is not intended to apply to houses, or
structures brought within the City, or moved from one place to another within the City
prior to the passage of this ordinance.

Section 6. Every person, firm, corporation or association of persons violating the
provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be pun-
ished by a fine of not less than One Hundred (100.00) Dollars and not exceeding Five
Hundred ($500.00) Dollars or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period not exceeding
sixty (60) days or in the discretion of the Court by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 7. This ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as and emergency or-
dinance, and it shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 8. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas for two weeks, that is to say, it shall be published in said newspaper once a
week for two consecutive weeks.

The foregoing ordinance was read aloud for the first time and voted upon at a
regular meeting of the Board on the fourth day of March, 1936. Vote for Commissioners Down
Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett, and was read aloud for the
second time and was passed by the unanimous consent of the Board as an emergency ordinance
of the fourth day of March, 1936. Voting for Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett.

Approved this fourth day of March, 1936.

L.L. Arnett
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

( City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss

County of Clark )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is foreman of the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks, from March 5th
to March 12th inclusive, being the issues of s id newspaper for the following dates to-wit:
March 5th-12th.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th day of March, 1936.

A.E. Cahlan,

My Commission Expires Jan 12 1939	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.
ORDINANCE NO. 218

AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT WASTE OF WATER; DEFINING WASTE OF WATER; REGULATING THE USE
THEREOF; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE AND REPEALING ALL OR-
DINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Waste of water in the City of Las Vegas is hereby prohibited and declared
unlawful.

Section 2. Anyone of the following acts shall constitute waste of water, as the term is
used in this ordinance:

(a)	Permitting a hydrant, tap, cock or valve connection with any water system to leak
onto the ground or into the sink, bowl, toilet or tub, cesspool, slump or any other opening
connected with a sewer, after the person has been notified to remedy such leak.

(b)	Permitting the water from any water system to flow from any hose, tap, valve, hy-
drant, pipe or cock directly into any sewer or cesspool after notice or knowledge thereof,
without first putting such water to beneficial use.

(c)	Permitting or causing the water from any water system to flow into any public street
or alley within the city or upon the lot or land of another after notice or knowledge thereof.

(d)	The waste of water in any manner by any person, corporation or association without
first putting the same to beneficial use.

(e)	Permitting with knowledge water to escape before beneficial use from any pipe, drain
or other conveyor either above or below the surface of the ground.

Section 3. Waste of water, as herein defined, shall constitute a misdemeanor and shall
be punished by a fine of not to exceed Fifty ($50.00) Dollars or by imprisonment in the
City Jail of Las Vegas for a period not to exceed twenty-five (25) days, or by both such fine
and imprisonment.

Section 4. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.

Section 5. This Ordinance shall take effect immediately upon its passage and publication
thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas and its final passage.

This ordinance was read aloud in full for the first time, proposed considered and voted
upon this 4th day of May, 1936.

Voting Ayes: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
Arnett.

Nayes: none.

L.L. Arnett Mayor of the City of

		Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk and Clerk of the
Board of City Commissioners.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board of Commissioners on the 4th day of May, 1936, at which time it was proposed
considered and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas
Review Journal, a daily newspaper. published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of
once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And it was
thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed
at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 4th day of June, 1936.

Voting ayes: Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem.
Noes: None.

Absent Mayor Arnett.

Jas H. Down

Mayor Pro Tem of the City of
Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

County of Clark ) ss

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was
continuously published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks from May 7th to May 14th
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: May 7th and 14th
hat said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named,

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th day of May, 1936.

A.E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission expires Jan 12, 1939
(Notarial seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 219

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION THREE OF ORDINANCE NO. 201 ENTITLED "AND ORDINANCE REGULATING
THE SLAUGHTERING OF ANIMALS AND SANITARY CONDITIONS OF ALL PLACES DISPENSING FOOD AND REFRESHMENT
 TO THE PUBLIC; PROVIDING FOR THE INSPECTION OF MEATS AND MEAT PRODUCTS TO BE
POSSESSED AND SOLD IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS: PROHIBITING THE SALE AND POSSESSION OF UN-
INSPECTED MEATS FOR HUMAN FOOD; AUTHORIZING THE APPOINTMENT OF NEAT INSPECTORS: PROHIBITING
THE SALE OF MEAT AND MEST PRODUCTS BY UNLICENSED ESTABLISHMENTS AND PROVIDING A PENALTY
FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF" approved the fourth day of October, 1933, AS AMENDED.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1. Section Three of the above entitled Ordinance as amended is hereby amended
to read as follows:

Section 3. (a) No carcass of any animal mentioned in Section 1 hereof, which has not
been inspected and passed as herein provided and which has not been slaughtered in a licensed
establishment, where ante and post mortem inspection is possible shall be possessed in the
City of Las Vegas, offered for sale or possessed for human food, by any person, firm, corpor-
ation or association. All animals may be received for slaughter and inspection to be stamped
as herein provided licensed establishments within the City of Las Vegas where there is
on duty a veterinary inspector appointed under the department of Agriculture of the United
-States or a regular veterinarian inspector appointed under the provisions of this Act; pro-
vided, that all persons presenting said animals for inspection as herein provided, shall
also comply with all the laws of the State of Nevada providing for the inspection of hides
or the slaughtering of bovine animals, as provided in Chapter 58 of the Statutes of Nevada
1931.

(b)	The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered to license
one or more establishments within or adjacent to the City of Las Vegas where such carcasses
maybe slaughtered and inspected, provided such establishments comply with the sanitary
requirements established from time to time by the City Board of Health.

(c)	It shall be unlawful for any person to conduct, maintain or operate an establishment
for the slaughtering of animals or for the preparation of meat products to be offered for
sale in the City of Las Vegas without a permit from the Board of City Commissioners.

or

(d)	Any person desiring to operate and establish for the slaughtering of animals or for
the preparation of meat products shall make application to the Live Stock Inspector. The
Live Stock Inspector shall make an investigation to determine whether of not the location
is satisfactory and the rules and regulations mentioned in Section 14 of this Ordinance
and the laws rules, and regulations of the Federal and State governments affecting the
construction, equipment and sanitary maintenance of buildings and equipment of such estab-
lishments will be complied with and he shall recommend to the Board of City Commissioners
whether of not the applicant should be granted a permit.

(e)	The Board of City Commissioners will issue such permit only if it shall find that
the laws or ordinances of the United States, the State of Nevada, and the City of Las Vegas
affecting the location, construction, equipment and sanitary maintenance of buildings and
equipment of establishments for the slaughtering of animals or the preparation of meat
products are being or can be complied with and that the operation of the establishment will
comport with the public peace, health and safety.

(f)	The Live Stock Inspector shall, from time to time, by and with the approval of the
Board of City Commissioners, promulgate rules and regulations to control the location,
construction, and maintenance in a sanitary manner of establishments for the slaughtering
of animals or for the production of meat products.

(g)	The Live Stock Inspector shall provide for both ante-mortem and postmortem vet-
erinary inspection of all animals slaughtered in establishments for which permits have been
issued and for the inspection of carcasses or parts of carcasses and of food products
during the time of preparation, transportation and storage, He shall also provide for inspect-
ion and supervision of the sanitary form of construction and equipment, and sanitary main-
tenance of buildings and equipments, of the water supply, drainage, sewage, disposal of
refuse, and of the sanitary conduct of employees and sanitation of their clothing. All
slaughtering shall be conducted on weeks days between the hours of 7:00 A.M. and 6:00 P.M.
except in case of emergency and then only on permission obtained from the Live Stock Inspector,
and all preparation of meat food products shall be conducted within hours to be designated

by the Live Stock Inspector. Both slaughtering and preparation of meat food products shall
be conducted only upon such days as are designated by the Live Stock Inspector and in the
presence of himself or his duly authorized representative.

(h)	It shall be unlawful for any person to sell or offer for sale, transport or other-
wise dispose of, for human consumption in the City of Las Vegas, any carcass or animal herein
mentioned, or parts of carcasses of same, unless the same shall be identified by an "Inspect-
ion and Passed," or its equivalent, stamp or mark of the City of Las Vegas, Government of

the United States, State of Nevada, or city, county, or city and county of Nevada, maintain-
ing a regular meat inspection service under competent veterinary supervision for the proper
post mortem inspection of all animals slaughtered for the production of human food.

(i)	Any meat or meat products found by the Live Stock Inspector in the inspection pro-
vided for in this ordinance to be unfit for human food ar any carcass or parts of carcasses
sold or offered for sale contrary to the provisions hereof, shall be subject to confiscation
by the Live Stock Inspector or to treatment which shall satisfy him as to whether or not
the articles can be used for human food.
(j)	The Live Stock Inspector shall prepare for use on meats or meat products not in-
tended for use as human food, a special stamp setting forth the nature of such products
and for what same may be used other than for human consumption.

(k)	Any Permit issued under the provisions of this ordinance may be revoked by the
Board of City Commissioners at its discretion for violation of any of the provisions of
this ordinance or any of the rules and regulations established under the authority hereof,
or because the conduct or location of such premises has become a nuisance. Such permit
shall be subject to suspension by the Board of City Commissioners for the same cause or
causes and until the conditions resulting in such violations are remedied or because the
business no longer comports with public health and welfare. During the period of such
suspension, the Live Stock Inspector may with the approval of the Board of City Commissioners
permit such preparation of food products in an establishment for the slaughtering of animals
or for the preparation of meat products, as in absolutely necessary to preserve the food
value thereof.

(1)	After receipt in a licensed establishment every such animal or carcass thereof
shall be inspected, and unless found to be free from disease, and otherwise sound, health-
ful and wholesome and fit for human food, it shall be marked "L.V. H. D. in'sp. and Pas'd."

If inspection takes place in an official establishment where a regular United States In-
spector is maintained, then the rules and regulations of the United States meat inspection
laws shall apply.

(m)	Wherever "this ordinance", or its equivalent terms is used herein, such terms shall
include not only the provisions of this ordinance, but the original ordinance, as amended,

of which this ordinance is an amendment.

(n)	If any section, sub-section, sub-division, sentence, clause or phrase of this or-
dinance is for any reason held to be invalid, such decision shall not effect the Validity
of the remaining portion of this ordinance. The Board of City Commissioners hereby declares
that it would have passed this ordinance and each and every section, sub-section, subdivi-
sion, sentence, clause, and phrase thereof irrespective of the fact that any one or more
sections, sub-section, subdivisions, clauses or phrases be held invalid.

This ordinance was read aloud in full for the first time proposed and considered and
voted upon this 4th day of May, 1936.

Voting aye: Commissioners down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor.
Noes, none.

L.L. Arnett
Mayor.

Attest;

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board held on the 4th day of May, 1936, at which time it was proposed, considered,
and voted upon and unanimously adopted, and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Age, a
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two conse-
cutive weeks, immediately following its first reading. It was thereafter read aloud to the
Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at a recessed regular meeting
of the Board held on the 15th day of June, 1936.

Voting aye. Commissioners Jas. H. Down, David Farnsworth, H.P. Marble and M.E. Ward.
and His Honor the Mayor. Noes, none.

Approved:

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk and Clerk of the
Board of City Commissioners.

(City seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
County of Clark)

C.P Squires being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Publisher of Las Vegas Age, a
weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached

Ordinance No. 219 of the City of Las Vegas, was published in said newspaper for a period of
two weeks from May 8, 1936 to May 15, 1936, inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit: May 8, and May 15, 1936.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $79.80.

Signed C.P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th day of May 1936.

C.D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My commission Expries June 7, 1939.

(notarial seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 220 FAILED TO PASSED

ORDINANCE NO. 221

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS TO MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND CONSTRUCTING
OIL BOUND GRAVEL PAVEMENT AND CONCRETE CURBS AND GUTTERS ON CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF
STREETS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS: DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF THE SAID IMPROVEMENTS;
PROVIDING THAT THE COST OF CERTAIN PORTIONS OF THE EXPENSES THEREOF SHALL BE PAID BY SPECIAL
ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS AND PARCELS OF LAND INCLUDED IN THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO BENEFITS; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT
BONDS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS FOR THE PAYMENT THEREOF AND OTHER MATTERS AND THINGS RELATING
THERETO.

THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has determined and
hereby determines to make the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, said improvements
to be made in accordance with the plats, diagrams and estimates of cost on file in the office
of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas;

To grade for and construct oil bound pavement and concrete curbs and gutters on the
following streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas:

All of Sixth Street from Linden Avenue to and including its southern most end; all
of Seventh Street from its north end where it intersects with the Union Pacific
Railroad grounds, south to and including Garces Street; all of Eighth Street from
Mesquite Avenue to and including Clark Street; all of Ninth Street from Stewart
Street to Fremont Street; all of Tenth Street from Ogden to Fremont Street; all of
Eleventh Street from Ogden to Fremont Street; all of Linden Avenue from Sixth
Street to Seventh Street; all of Mesquite Avenue from Fifth Street to Eighth
Street; all of Stewart Avenue from Fifth Street to Ninth Street; all of Ogden Street
from the alley between Fifth and Sixth Streets to Ninth Street: all of Carson
Street from Fifth Street to Eighth Street; all of Bridger Street from Fifth Street
to Eighth Street; all of Lewis Street from Fifth Street to Seventh Street; all
of Clark Street from Fifth Street to Eighth Street; all of Bonneville Street from
Fifth Street to Seventh Street; all of Garces Street from Fifth Street to Seventh
Street; all of Charleston Boulevard from Fifth Street to Seventh Street; all of
Division Street from Fifth Street to Sixth Street; all of Fifth Place.

That the lots and parcels of land effected and to be assessed are particularly
described as follows:

IN BUCK'S SUB-DIVISION, Las Vegas, Nevada:

All	of	Lots Five (5) to Sixteen	(16), inclusive, in Block	One (1);	all	of	Lots

One	(1) to Eleven (11), inclusive, in Block Two (2); all of Lot B;	all	of	Lot C;

all	of	Lots One (1) to Six (6),	inclusive, in Block Three	(3); all	of Lots One

(1)	to	Sixteen (16), inclusive,	in Block Four (4); all of	Lots One	(1)	to	Sixteen

(16), inclusive, in Block Five (5); all of Lots One (1) to Sixteen (16), inclusive,
in Block Six (6); all of Lots One (1) to Nine (9), inclusive, in Block Seven (7);
all of Lots One (1) to Eight (8), inclusive, in Block Eight (8); all of Lots One
(1) to Twelve (12), inclusive, in Block Nine (9); all of Lots One (1) to Sixteen
(16), inclusive, in Block Ten (10); all of Lots One (1) to Sixteen (16), inclusive,
in Block Eleven (11); all of Lots One (1) to Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block
Twelve (12); all of Lots One (1) to Thirteen (13), inclusive, in Block Thirteen
(13); all of Lots One (1) to Eight (8), inclusive, in Block Fourteen (14); all of
Lots One (1) to Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block Fifteen (15); all of Lots One (1)
to Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block Sixteen (16); all of Lots One (1) to Twelve

(12), inclusive, in Block Seventeen (17); all of Lots One (1) to Eight (8), inclusive,
in Block Nineteen (19); all of Lots One (1) to Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block
Twenty (20); all of Lots One (1) to Five (5), inclusive, in Block Twenty-two (22);
all of Lot D; all of Lot E; All of Lot H.

IN FAIRVIEW TRACT, Las Vegas, Nevada:

All of Lots One (1) to Four (4), inclusive, and all of Lots Nine (9) to Sixteen
(16), inclusive, in Block One (1); all of Lots One (1) to Five (5), inclusive,
and all of Lots Fourteen (14) to sixteen (16); inclusive, in Block Two (2).

IN LADD'S ADDITION to Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada:

All of Lots One (1) to Three (3), inclusive, in Block One (1).


IN HAWKINS' ADDITION to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada:

All of Lots One (1) to Ten (10), inclusive, in Block A; all of Lots One (1) to
Eight (8), inclusive, and all of Lots Seventeen (17) to Thirty-two (32), inclusive, in
Block One (1); all of Lots Seventeen (17) to Thirty-two (32), inclusive, in Block
Two (2); all of Lots Seven (7) to Twelve (12), inclusive, and all of Lots Fifteen

(15)	to Thirty-two (32), inclusive, in Block Three (3); all of Lots Nine (9) to
thirty-two (32), inclusive, in Block Four (4); all of Lots One (1) to Thirty-two
(32), inclusive, in Block Five (5); all of Lots One (1) to Thirty-two (32), inclusive,
in Block Six (6); all of Lots One (1) to Seventeen (17), inclusive, in Block

Seven (7); all of Lots One (1) to Eighteen (18), inclusive, in Block Eight (8);
an irregular parcel of land beginning at the northeast corner of Seventh and
Carson Streets and running thence northerly along the east property line of
Seventh Street a distance of Two Hundred Fifty-three and Eighteen One Hundredths
(253.18) feet; thence southerly along the common line between Hawkins' Addition
and Buck's Sub-division to the North property line of Carson Street; thence westerly
along the North property line of Carson Street a distance of One Hundred Thirty-
four and Ten One-Hundredths (134.10) feet to the place of beginning;

IN WARDIE ADDITION to Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada:

All of Lots One (1) to Thirty-two (32), inclusive, in Block One (1); all of Lots
One (1) to Thirty-two (32), inclusive, in Block Two (2); all of Block A; an
irregular parcel of land beginning at a point on the South property line of Bonneville
Street, being one Hundred Sixty (160) feet westerly from the northwest corner of
Block Three (3), Wardie Addition; thence running westerly along the South property
line of Bonneville Street a distance of Fifty-one and three-tenths (51.3) feet to
a point on the common boundary between South and Wardie Additions to the City of
Las Vegas; thence running southerly to an intersection with the West property line
of the alley running northerly and southerly in said Block Three (3), Wardie
Addition; thence northerly along the west property line of said alley Ninety-
four and five tenths (94.5) feet to the point of beginning; all of Lots Two (2)
to Fourteen (14), inclusive, in Block Three (3); all of Lots One (1) to Thirty-
two (32), inclusive, in Block Four (4); all of Lots One (1) to Thirty-two (32),
inclusive, in Block Five (5); all of Lots One (1) to thirty-two (32), inclusive,
in Block Six (6); all of Block H; all of Lots One (1) to Seventeen (17), inclusive,
in Block Seven (7); all of Lots One (1) to Eight (8), inclusive, and all of Lots
Eleven (11) to Thirty-two (32), inclusive, in Block Eight (8); all of Lots Nine (9)
to Thirty-two (32), inclusive, in Block Nine (9); all of Lots One (1) to Sixteen

(16) , inclusive, and all of Lots Twenty-five (25) to Thirty-two (32), inclusive, in
Block Ten (10); all of Lots One (1) to Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block Eleven
(11); all of Lots One (1) to Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block Seventeen (17);

all of Lots One (1) to Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block Eighteen (18);

IN SOUTH ADDITION to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada:

All of Lots One (1) to Thirty-two (32), inclusive, in Block Twenty-three (23); all of

Lots One (1) to Thirty-two (32), inclusive, in Block Twenty-four (24); all of Lots

One (1) to Eight (8), inclusive, and all of Lots Seventeen (17) to Thirty-two (32),

inclusive, in Block Twenty-five (25); all of Lots Seventeen (17) to Thirty-two

(32), inclusive, in Block Twenty-six (26); all of Lots Seven (7) to Ten (10),

inclusive, and all of Lots Twenty-six (26) to Thirty-two (32), inclusive, in Block Twenty-

seven (27); all of Lots Fourteen (14) to Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block Twenty-
eight (28); all of Lots One (1) to Twenty-seven (27), inclusive, in Block Twenty-
all of Lots One (1) to Sixteen (16), inclusive, and
nine (29);/all of Lots Twenty-five (25) to Thirty-two (32), inclusive in Block Thirty

(30); all of Lots One (1) to Sixteen (16), inclusive in Block Thirty-one (31); all

of Block Thirty-two (32).

IN PIONEER HEIGHTS ADDITION to Las Vegas, Nevada:

All of Lots One (1) to Six (6), inclusive in block Four (4); all of Lots One (1)

to Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block Five (5); all of Lots One (1) to Seven (7),

inclusive, in Block Thirteen (13);

IN PARK PLACE ADDITION to City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada:

All of Lot A; all of Lot	B;	all of	Lot G; all	of Lot H; all of Lot K;

IN AMENDED PLAT OF THE SUB-DIVISION	OF	LOT J,	PARK PLACE	ADDITION to the City of Las	Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada:

All of Lots One (1) to Seven (7), inclusive, in Block One (1); all of Lots One (1)
to Fourteen (14), inclusive, in Block Two (2); the West one-half (W½) of Lot Two
(2), Section Three (3), Township Twenty-one (21) South, Range Sixty-one (61)

East, M. D. B. & M.

Section 2. That the district, area and improvements described in Section 1 hereof
shall be known as and called "Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. #3."

Section. 3. That the costs and expenses of making such improvements as is described
in Section of this Ordinance shall	be	paid as follows:	Approximately fifty-five	percent

(55%) thereof shall be paid from funds	raised	by Special	Assessment upon the lots	of	land

and premises, according to benefits, upon the taxable lots and abutting premises situate in

forty-five percent (45%) of the said costs and expenses shall be paid from funds granted
by the United States Government to the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of aiding in the
constructing of the said improvements.

Section 4. That the Ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas shall hereafter,
by ordinance, be empowered and authorized and directed to prepare a special assessment roll,
which shall include the lots and premises and owners, as provided for in the City Charter of
the City of Las Vegas. After said special assessment roll as herein provided for shall have
been prepared and submitted, it shall be reported to the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas and thereafter it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk and numbered, and
notice thereof, as provided in the City Charter, shall be given to all persons whose names
appear thereon, and to all persons interested, of the time when said Board of Commissioners
and Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessment, at which time the said
Board of Commissioners shall hear any and all suggestions and objections that may be filed
against the said assessment, and shall at that, or some adjourned meeting, correct the same
or confirm it as reported or corrected, or they may refer it back to the Ex-officio City
Assessor for revision, or annul it and direct a new assessment, and proceed as in the City
Charter directed, until the same shall be confirmed by the Board of Commissioners; when said
assessment roll has been confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, the City Clerk shall make
an endorsement upon the said assessment roll showing the date of confirmation as provided
in the Charter and shall thereupon deliver said roll, as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners
with his certificate of such confirmation and of the date thereof, to the County Assessor,
acting ex-officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation record the said
Assessment roll as in the Charter provided, and append thereto his certificate of the date of
such recording. Whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the con-
tents of the same and when said roll is so endorsed and recorded, it shall be prima facie
evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the
making thereof, and of the validity of said assessments and assessment roll, by the Board of
Commissioners. After the said special assessment roll has been confirmed and recorded, the
several amounts levied thereon, shall be due and payable and shall constitute and be a lien
upon the respective lots and parcels of land and improvements assessed, and shall be charged
against the persons and properties until paid.

Section 5. That if, after the expiration of fifty days from the date of the
recording of the said special assessment roll, as hereinbefore provided, there remains unpaid
any of the special assessments against any of the lots or premises hereinbefore mentioned,
the Board of Commissioners, shall, within a reasonable time, thereafter, pass an Ordinance
directing the issuance of bonds for the amount of the said taxes or assessments remaining
unpaid by the said property owner, at the expiration of the said fifty days from the date of
the confirmation and recording of the assessment roll, fixing the form of bond, declaring the
amount remaining unpaid, denominations and interest, and lots or parcels of land against which
the said assessments remaining unpaid, in whole or in part, are a lien and the names of the
owners thereof, where known, with the amounts due thereon, and directing that the said unpaid
assessments, or portions thereof, shall thereafter be paid as follows: in equal annual install-
ments, provided, however, that the first installment may be for a greater or lesser amount
than the remaining installments; each of said installments shall bear interest from the end
of said fifty days until due, at the same rate of interest as shall be fixed by Ordinance; such
installments and the interest thereon shall be and remain a lien upon the said lots and parcels
of land and premises until paid; said installments and the interest thereon may be collected
in the same manner as other delinquent assessments, and the Board of Commissioners in the ordin-
ance directing the issuance of said bonds may provide that the unpaid assessments, and portions
thereof, and the interest thereon, shall be placed on the State and County Tax Roll and be
collected in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County general taxes are
collected, and direct the officers of the County to collect the same.

acting ex-offi-
cio Assessor,
and the said
County Assessor

the Special
Assessment Dis-
trict hereby
created, and 
approximately
Section 6. That as soon as the said special assessment roll, as provided for in
Section 3 of this ordinance, shall have been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts
 contained therein and levied on and against the properties therein, shall be due and payable
at once, and shall be paid to the County Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Receiver of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, Ex-officio Treasurer and Tax Receiver of the City of Las Vegas, and

be by that officer paid into and credited to the Special Fund to be known as and called "Las
Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3" and all costs and expenses incurred in making said 
improvements, as in this ordinance contained, shall be charged to and paid out of said fund. Pro-
vided, however, that in the event it becomes necessary to draw on the General Fund of the City
of Las Vegas to defray any of the costs and expenses of making any of said improvements, except
as otherwise provided for by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, that the said General Fund
shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds from said "Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3"
as soon as the financial condition of same will permit. And provided further that where there
shall be lands belonging to the City, or public ground not taxable, abutting on such improvements,
or such improvements shall be made upon interior squares or spaces, formed by the intersection
of streets and spaces opposite alleys, general bonds of the City of Las Vegas may be issued under
proper procedure taken therefor by the Board of Commissioners to provide funds for the purpose of defray-
ing such portion of the expenses thereof as the Board of Commissioners shall determine to be
paid from the General Fund or from the proper Street Fund, or District Street Fund, or partly
from each, or to be stood and borne by the City of Las Vegas.

Section 7. This Ordinance shall be and become effective upon its publication
and final passage.

Section 8. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and
directed to cause this ordinance to be published the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper,
published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for a period of once a week for two consecutive
weeks immediately following its first reading.

This Ordinance was read aloud for the first time, proposed, considered and voted
upon this fourth day of December, 1936. Voting Ayes: Commissioners Down, Marble, Krause,

Perry and His Honor, the Mayor, L. L. Arnett. Voting Nays: None.

L. L. Arnett______________Mayor

of the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:

Viola Burns____________City Clerk

and Clerk of the Board of Commis-
sioners of the City of Las Vegas.

( City Seal )

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board held on the 4th day of December 1936, at which time it was proposed, considered and
voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal, a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for
two consecutive weeks, immediately following its first reading, And, it was thereafter read
aloud to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at a regular meeting
of the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of January, 1937.

Voting ayes: Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor, L. L. Arnett.

Noes, none.

Absent None.

Approved:

L. L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

ATTEST:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
( City Seal )

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

F. F. Garside, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from December 10th 1936 to December 17th
1936 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

December 10th-17th

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed F. F. Garside

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th day of December 1936

A. E. Cahlan_________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires

Jan 12, 1939	( Notary Seal )
ORDINANCE NO. 222

AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO DEFRAY THE
COSTS OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND THE CONSTRUC-
TION OF ALL OIL BOUND PAVEMENT AND CONCRETE CURBS AND GUTTERS ON CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS
OF STREETS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ACCORDING TO THE PLATS, DIAGRAMS AND ESTIMATES OF COST
THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF^THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRIBING DEFINITELY
THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNTS OF SAID ASSESSMENTS AND DESIGNATING THE
LOTS, PARCELS OF LAND AND PREMISES TO BE ASSESSED, ACCORDING TO BENEFITS, PROVIDING FOR THE
ISSUANCE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT BONDS FOR THE PAYMENT THEREOF, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING
THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying a portion of the costs of making certain
improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and constructing oil bound gravel
pavement and concrete curbs and gutters, according to the plats, diagrams and estimates of
cost heretofore prepared, and adopted by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
and on file in the office of the City Clerk of said City; the Ex-Officio City Assessor of
the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to forthwith levy the
special assessment in the amount hereinafter specified, against the owners and upon the lots,
lands and premises, hereinafter designated and described according to benefits. Said special
assessment shall be levied upon the taxable lots, lands and premises, hereinafter designated
and described according to benefits. Said special assessment shall be levied upon the taxable
lots, property and premises situate in the special assessment district created according to
the terms of an order made with respect to the said improvements proportionately to the
benefits received; provided, however, that in no case shall the said Ex-Officio Assessor levy
any special assessment upon any such lots, lands or premises, exceeding fifty percent (50%),
of the value of such lots, lands or premises as last before valued and assessed for State and
County taxation in the County Tax Roll; but such costs over and above and exceeding that per-
cent shall be paid from the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. The Ex-Officio City Assessor shall assess the taxable lots, property
and premises situated in the special assessment district, created by the order of the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas December 4, 1936, benefited by said improvements
proportionately to the benefits received, that is to say, such Ex-Officio Assessor shall assess
upon each lot, parcel of land or premises such relative portion of the whole sum to be levied
as shall be proportionate to the estimated benefit resulting to such lot, parcel of land or
premises from said improvement.

Section 3. In levying the assessments as in this Ordinance provided, the Ex-Offico
Assessor shall prepare a Special Assessment Roll therefor, and after he shall have completed
the Assessment Roll, he shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners as provided for
by law and upon receiving such report and Special Assessment Roll, the said Roll shall be num-
bered and filed in the office of the City Clerk, and the Board of Commissioners shall cause
notice thereof to be published for at least two weeks in some newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas, of the filing of the same with the City Clerk, and appointing a time when the
Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio Assessor will meet to review the assessment, and
any person objecting thereto may be heard, or any person objecting to the assessments, may
file his or her objection thereto in writing with the City Clerk.

Section 4. At the time appointed for the purpose of reviewing said assessments and
considering any objections thereto made at said time or filed in writing, the Board of Commissioners
 and said Ex-Officio Assessor shall meet and then, or at some adjourned meeting, review
said assessments, and will hear any objections to said assessments, which have been made or i
filed as aforesaid by any person deeming himself aggrieved thereby, and will decide upon the
same as to any assessment, or description of the premises appearing necessary therein, and
will confirm it as reported or as corrected, or will refer the assessment back to the Ex-officio
Assessor for revision or annul it and direct a new assessment to be made; when said assessment
shall be confirmed, the City Clerk shall make an endorsement upon the Roll showing said
confirmation and the same shall be final and conclusive; the City Clerk shall then deliver
the same to the County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, with his certificate of
confirmation, and the County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon record
said assessment roll in his office and append thereto his certificate of the date of recording,
Said roll when so endorsed and recorded, shall be prima facie evidence in all Courts and
Tribunals of the regularity of the proceedings, preliminary to the making thereof, and of the
validity of said Assessment and Assessment Roll.

Section 5. Upon the confirmation and recording of the said Assessments and Assessment
Roll as by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas provided, the Assessments shall be at once
due and payable, and from the date of said confirmation and recording, shall constitute and
be a lien upon the lot or parcel of land and premises assessed, together with the legal inters
est thereon, and shall be charged against the persons and properties until paid.

Section 6. The several lots and premises, together with their location, the name of
the present owner, and the approximate amounts to be assessed thereon, are as follows:

improvements
on the fourth
day of December
1936, benefitted
by

IN BUCK'S SUB-DIVISION, Las Vegas, Nevada:

BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

Breeze, C. D.

Martelletti, Tony
Martelletti, Tony
Flowers, W. J., Administrator of
the Estate of W. C. Taylor
Sigurdson, John
Sigurdson, John
Breeze, C. D.

Breeze, C. D.

Delfs, John
Breeze, C. D.
BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

Breeze, C. D.

Strupat, Ed. E

Kimball, O. A., Administrator
for Ray Nealey, deceased
Hemphill, Jack and Harriet
Kimball, O. A., Administrator
for Ray Nealey, deceased
(N. 100')

Hockett, J. W.

Hockett, J. W.

George, Fred J.

Sherwood, Helen
Doolittle, Theresa
Rasmussen, S. C.

Bingham, R. D. and Arretta F.

Bingham, R. D. and Arretta F.

Miner, Mary E. (N.50' of "B")

May, William (S.50' of N.100' of "B")
Gordon, J. H. (S.50' of N.150' of "B"
Mc Carter, A. T. & Marie (S.8.8' of

Knudson, K. O. & Beatrice (S.50' of
N.200' of "B"

Rockwell, Mrs. L. A. (N.75' of "C")
Boyer, C. C.

Boyer, C. C.

Hardy, Merlin H.

Pembroke, Elizabeth
Pembroke, Elizabeth
Pembroke, Elizabeth (N.20' of Lot 6)
Baptist Church (E.73.46' of S. 130' of
Lot 6)

Fenner, L. C.

Johnson, Donald
Wasden, Flossie A.

Sanderson, George
Bladd, A. G. (Gus)

Kimble, Albert E. and Lucy V.

Park, W. S., Doctor
Park, W. S., Doctor
Jones, Ellie
Ostensen, Guy L.

Scharre, Mrs. Violet Gadsey
Ball, Mrs. C. P.

Ball, Mrs. C. P.

Ball, Mrs. C. P.

Wasden, Kent and Esther
Hannington, Martha Amelia and Horace
Baker, C. D.

Baker, C. D.

Champo, Manuel
Gelber, Sam and Johanna
Alldredge, Azar and Alice
Sill, James M. and T. Louise
Bryant, C. A. and Katie
Bryant, C. A. and Katie
Bryant, C. A. and Katie
Bryant, C. A. and Katie
Bryant, C. A. and Katie
Bryant, C. A. and Katie
Bryant, C. A. and Katie
Whitehead, S. R. (E.95' of Lot 14)
Whitehead, S. R. (E.95' of Lot 15)
Whitehead, S. R. (E.95' of Lot 16)
Wilson, Horace	F.	(W.45'	of	Lot	14)

Wilson, Horace	F.	(W.45'	of	Lot	15)

Wilson, Horace	F.	(W.45'	of	Lot	16)

Galewick, Julius S.

Galewick, Julius S.

Fletcher, Granville A. and Mabel
Dittman, B. M.

Nay, Sylvester B. and Ruby A.
Fitzgerald, W. E.

Blad, A. G. (Gus)

Rau, Maurice F.

Elwell, W. H., Inc.

Elwell, W. H., Inc.

Elwell, W. H., Inc.

Elwell, W. H., Inc.

Elwell, W. H., Inc.

Elwell, W. H., Inc.

Chappell, Laurence and Ruth E.

Elwell, W. H., Inc.

Conwell, Sarah

Jackson, Martin L. and Ada T.

Jackson, Martin L. and Ada T.

Ogle, William
Ogle, William

Smith, Ray H. and Myrtle O.

Westlake, Otto
Gravelle, Harry C. and Mary
Gravelle, Harry C. and Mary
Noblitt, Leonard

Weiland, Alex
BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER	ASSESSMENT:

Gravelle, Harry C. and Mary
Pine, Fred T. and Ragnhild
Pine, Fred T. and Ragnhild
Westlake, Minnie M.

Stevens, Bert and Ethel May
Stevens, Ethel May
Woody, Elizabeth A.

Woody, Elizabeth A.

Gore, Ida C.

Price, Mrs. Minnie
McClanahan, P. S.

McClanahan, P. S.

Bluchard, Sadie A.
Madsen, Fred P.
Madsen, Fred P.
Harris, Otto H.

Salgo, Imre
Keeler, Thos.

Gore, Ida C.

Gravelle, Mrs. Ella
McDonald, W. R. (Robert)

Gravelle, Harry C. and Mary
Stevens, Ethel May
Stevens, Ethel May
Tracht, De Witt
Cost, John
Kimball, Otto A.

Cantrell, William W.

Fletcher, Mabel S.

Morrison, W. H. and Ella V.

Morrison, W. H. and Ella V.

Riddle, Pauline
Kent, Luther C.

Reeves, D. M.

Smith, Douglas W.

Stevens, Beulah V.

Martin, Sarah A.

Pyeatt, Roscoe F.

McGovern, Theresa J.

Witcher, A. B. and Lillian
Ellis, Andrew and Josephine
Bagsley, A.

Mundy, W. B. and Julia P.

Mundy, W. B. and Julia P.

Mundy, W. B. and Julia P.

Mundy, W. B. and Julia P.

Mundy, W. A.

Mundy, W. B. and Julia P.

Mundy, W. B. and Julia P.

Mundy, W. B. and Julia P.

Nield, J. R. and Vivian
Bleak, Mrs. Mark
Rafael, Andrew J.

New York & Las Vegas Ihv.

New York & Las Vegas Inv.

New York & Las Vegas Inv.

New York & Las Vegas Inv.

New York & Las Vegas Inv.

Miss Marion E. Fitzhugh, Admx. Est-
ate of Wm.	M.	Fitzhugh

Miss Marion	E.	Fitzhugh,	Admx.Est-
ate of Wm.	M.	Fitzhugh

Miss Marion	E.	Fitzhugh,	Admx.	Est-

ate of Wm. M. Fitzhugh
Williams, Jr. J. H.

Pinjuv, M. S.

Pinjuv, M. S.

Pinjuv, M. S.

Pinjuv, M. S.

Vegas Valley Deve. Co
Meserve, Fessenden H.

Hagerty, J. F.

Vegas Valley Deve. Co.

Meserve, Fessenden H.

Hagerty, J. F.

Vegas Valley Deve. Co.

Meserve, Fessenden H.

Hagerty, J. F.

Stinson, E. A.

Craner, Samuel
Craner, Miranda
Craner, Miranda
Craner, Samuel
Craner, Samuel
Craner, Samuel
Craner, Samuel and Miranda
Craner, Samuel and Miranda
Craner, Samuel and Miranda
Craner, Samuel
Wengert, C. S. and Lottie
Hogan, Paul A. and Anne and Westlake,
Otto J. and Nellie
Hogan, Paul A and Anne and Westlake,
Otto J. and Nellie
BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

Harland, Thos. O.	$

Fitzgerald, W. E.

Title & Trust Company of Nevada
Title & Trust Company of Nevada
Title & Trust Company of Nevada
Hinman, A. A.

Hansell, L. B. and Luella
Wait, Frank A.

Wait, Frank A.

Wait, Frank A.

Wait, Frank A.

Wait, Frank A.

Wait, Frank A.

Markich, George

Goodfellow, Leslie and Loretta
Martin, R. W.

Odd Fellows Lodge
Hinge, Josephine
Lake, Mary E.

Lake, Mary E.

Carmiehael, Gordon and Eliz.

Carmiehael, Gordon and Eliz.

Las Vegas Hospital Ass'n., Inc.

Las Vegas Hospital Ass'n., Inc.

Las Vegas Hospital Ass'n., Inc.

Las Vegas Hospital Asa'n., Inc.

Las Vegas Hospital Ass'n., Inc.

Las Vegas Hospital Ass'n., Inc.

Las Vegas Hospital Ass'n., Inc.

Las Vegas Hospital Ass'n., Inc.

Howell, Mary Belle
Howell, Mary Belle
Torp, Osborne
Torp, Osborne
Williams, Dewey B.

Von Tobel, Mrs. Ed.

Scott, Mrs. Arnold A.
Brown, Flora

McAllister, Hugh & Gladys

Scott, Mrs. Arnold A.
Brown, Flora

McAllister, Hugh & Gladys
Williams, Rose and James N. Williams
Williams, Rose and James N. Williams
Williams, Rose and James N. Williams
Walsh, Thomas C. and Doris May
Strasser, Albert and Lulu
Strasser, Albert and Lulu
Van Eaton, Mrs. Velma
Crawford, H. J.

Breeze, C. D.

Gronberg, Roy A. and Mary L.

Shaw, Della E.

Hannig, Joe
Wait, Frank A.

Wait, Frank A.

Wait, Frank A.

Wait, Frank A.

Wait, Ethel D.

Wait, Ethel D.

Wait, Ethel D.

Wait, Ethel D.

Mikulich, Sam

Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam

Kimball, Otto A. (N.100' of Irregular
Lot 1)

Heffner, Henry & Eliz. L. (N.50' of S.
100' of Lot 1)

Colbert, M.J. (S.50' of Lot 1)

Delkin, A. C., Hattie May Pavlo, James
L. Delkin, Fred Delkin, James Anton
Delkin, and Wm. Milton Delkin
Delkin, A. C., Hattie May Pavlo, James
L. Delkin, Fred Delkin, James Anton
Delkin, and Wm. Milton Delkin
Delkin, A. C.

Delkin, A. C.

Fagan, John F.
IN FAIRVIEW TRACT, Las Vegas, Nevada:

BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

Kimball, Otto A.

Kimball, Otto A.

Heffner, Henry and Eliz.

Colbert, J. M.

Shiner, Theodate
Bond, Walter E.

Farnsworth, David and Frances
Fagan, John F.

Fagan, John F.

Fagan, John F.

Fagan, John F.

Fagan, John F.

Jackson, Martin L. and Ada T.
Jameson, C. H.

Rau, F. G. and Son
Ran, F. G. and Son
Rau, F. G. and Son
Delkin, A. C., Hattie May Pavlo,
James L. Delkin, Fred Delkin,
James Anton Delkin and Wm. Milton
Delkin

Travelers Auto Court, Inc.

Travelers Auto Court, Inc.

IN LADD'S ADDITION to Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada:

BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

Travelers Auto Court, Inc.
Travelers Auto Court, Inc.

Delkin, A. C., Pavlo, Hattie May,
James L. Delkin, Fred Delkin,
James Anton Delkin, and William
Milton Delkin

IN HAWKINS' ADDITION to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada:

BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

Kimball, O. A., Admr., Ray Nealey,

Deceased	

Kimball, O. A., Admr., Ray Nealey,
Deceased

Rockwell, Mrs. L. A.

Rockwell, Mrs. L. A.

Rockwell, Mrs. L. A.

Rockwell, Mrs. L. A.

Rockwell, Mrs. L. A.

Rockwell, Mrs. L. A.

Rockwell, Mrs. L. A.

Rockwell, Mrs. L. A.

Boggs, B. F. and O. C.

Boggs, B. F. and O. C.

Sandall, Edith R.

Sandall, Edith R.

Faber, George K. and Alma J.

Faber, George K. and Alma J.

Faber, George K. and Alma J.

McDonald, Grace M.

Kimball, Otto A.

Kimball, Otto A.

Boggs, B. F. and O. C.

Boggs, B. F. and O. C.

McCarter, Alfred T.

McCarter, Alfred T.

McCarter, A. T. and Marie
McCarter, A. T. and Marie
Knudson, K. O. and Beatrice
Knudson, K. O. and Beatrice
Gordon, J. H.

Gordon, J. H.

May, William
May, William
Miner, Mary E.

Miner, Mary E.

Colorado River Exploration Company, Ltd.

Colorado River Exploration Company, Ltd.

Colorado River Exploration Company, Ltd.

Ullom, G. Laurence

Ullom, G. Laurence

Ullom, G. Laurence

Pittman, Key

Pittman, Key

Pittman, Key

Pittman, Key

Hunt, F. E.

Hunt, F. E.

Hunt, F. E.

Hicks, E. C.
BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

Hicks, E. C.	$

Hicks, E. C.

Quality Laundry
Campbell, Clara
Campbell, Clara
Brock, Jessie
Brock, Jessie
Brock, Jessie

Wilson, J. W. and Mikkelsen, Elmer
and Effie

Wilson, J. W. and Mikkelsen, Elmer
and Effie

Wilson, J. W. and Mikkelsen, Elmer
and Effie
Clark, Ed W.

Clark, Ed W.

Clark, Ed W.

Clark, Ed W.

Clark, Ed W.

Carner, Harry A. and Clarence M.

Jackson

Carner, Harry A. and Clarence M.
Jackson

Edwards, Lela V.

Edwards, Lela V.

Graves, Wm. M. and Bertha J.

Graves, Wm. M. and Bertha J.

Graves, Wm. M. and Bertha J.

Graves, Wm. M. and Bertha J.

Adams, Harold and Lola
Adams, Harold and Lola
Ronnow, C. L. and Mary
Ronnow, C. L. and Mary
Van Eaton, Glenn R.

Van Eaton, Glenn R.

Sullivan, Mark E. and Marie Ann
Sullivan, Mark E. and Marie Ann
Cottmire, Marguerite
Cottmire, Marguerite

Gifford, Arthur L. & Frances (W.46' of
Lot 17)

DeVinney, Della and F. C. DeVinney
(E. 94' of Lot 17)

Gifford, Arthur L. & Frances (W.46' of
Lot 18)

DeVinney, Della and F. C. DeVinney
(E. 94' of Lot 18)

Gifford, Arthur L. & Frances (W.46' of
Lot 19)

DeVinney, Della and F. C. DeVinney
(E. 94' of Lot 19)

Jones, Ellie
Jones, Ellie
Jones, Ellie
Davis, G. L.

Davis, G. L.

Wengert, Helen S.

Wengert, Helen S.

Rhoads, Mrs. W. S.

Rhoads, Mrs. W. S.

Beckley, Will
Beckley, Will
Beckley, Will and Leva G.

Beckley, Will and Leva G.

Clough, Richard and Edith
Clough, Richard and Edith
Clough, Richard and Edith
Clough, Richard and Edith
Carner, Harry A. and Node M.

Carner, Harry A. and Node M.

Carner, Mrs. Node M.

Carner, Mrs. Node M.

Thurmond, Wm. L.

Thurmond, Wm. L.

Thurmond, Wm. L.

Thurmond, Wm. L.

Thurmond, Wm. L.

Monson, Fred A. and Clara G.

Monson, Fred A. and Clara G.

Monson, Fred A. and Clara G.

Howarter, Della
Howarter, Della
Howarter, Della
Howarter, Della
Frazier, Maude
Frazier, Maude
Clapp, Mr. and Mrs. Victor
Clapp, Mr. and Mrs. Victor
Olsen, Mrs. Daisy
Olsen, Mrs. Daisy
Sanderson, Fern
Sanderson, Fern
Lonergan, Emma A.
BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

An irregular parcel of land beginning at the northeast corner of Seventh and Carson Streets
and running thence northerly along the east property line of Seventh Street a distance of
Two Hundred Fifty-three and Eighteen One-Hundredths (253.18) feet, thence southerly along
the common line between Hawkins' Addition and Buck's Sub-division to the North property
line of Carson Street; thence westerly along the North property line of Carson Street a
distance of One Hundred Thirty-four and Ten One-Hundredths (134.10) feet to the place of
beginning, of which Miranda Craner is owner, the assessment being $258.36.

IN WARDIE ADDITION to Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada:

BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

Cornish, Mrs. R. M.
Cornish, Mrs. R. M.
Cornish, Mrs. R. M.
Cornish, Mrs. R. M.
Johnson, H. O.
Johnson, H. O.
Johnson, H. O.
Johnson, H. O.

Lonergan, Emma A.	

Olive, Wilford C. 
Farrimond, Bill 

Olive, Wilford C. 
Farrimond, Bill 
Colorado River Exploration Company, Ltd.
Colorado River Exploration Company, Ltd.
Colorado River Exploration Company, Ltd.
Von Tobel, Mrs. Ed.

Von Tobel, Mrs. Ed.

Wait, Frank
Wait, Frank

Colorado River Exploration Co., Ltd.
Colorado River Exploration Co., Ltd.
Colorado River Exploration Co., Ltd.
Colorado River Exploration Co., Ltd.
Colorado River Exploration Co., Ltd.
Colorado River Exploration Co., Ltd.
Colorado River Exploration Co., Ltd.
Colorado River Exploration Co., Ltd.
Colorado River Exploration Co., Ltd.
Owens, Bessie A.

Owens, Bessie A.

Madsen, Fred P.

Madsen, Fred P.

Santongue, Van and Katherine
Santongue, Van and Katherine
Ryerse, C. K.

Ryerse, C. K.

Ryerse, C. K.

McPherson, Sarah E.

McPherson, Sarah E.

Kimball, O. A.

Kimball, O. A.

Symington, Robert
Symington, Robert
Symington, Robert
Rockwell, Mrs. L. A.

Rockwell, Mrs. L.A.

Rockwell, Mrs. L. A.

Rockwell, Leon H.

Rockwell, Leon H.

Rockwell, Leon H.

Rockwell, Leon H.

Stone, James G.

Stone, James G.

Stone, James G.

Rives, Helen M.

Rives, Helen M.

Rives, Helen M.

Rives, Helen M.

Colorado Exploration Company, Ltd.
Colorado Exploration Company, Ltd.
Colorado Exploration Company, Ltd.

(S. 130' of W. 63.8' of Lot 17)

Rhoads, Wallace and Gertrude
Rhoads, Wallace and Gertrude
Rhoads, Wallace and Gertrude
Rhoads, Wallace and Gertrude
Mutual Bldg. & Loan Assn.

Mutual Bldg. & Loan Assn.

Masterson, C. H. and Clara
Masterson, C. H. and Clara
Seymour, Rose A.

Seymour, Rose A.

Seymour, Rose A.

Craner, Samuel
Craner, Samuel
Craner, Samuel
Craner, Samuel
BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

Cox, Estelle

Cox, Estelle

Gallagher, Marion

Gallagher, Marion

Gallagher, Marion

Mott, Wm. E and Agnes Marion

Mott, Wm. E. and Agnes Marion

McCrystal, Mrs. Isabella

McCrystal, Mrs. Isabella

Beckley, Will

Beckley, Will

Ellis, Wm. E.

Ellis, Wm. E.

Underhill, E. O. and Marion Loreine
Underhill, E. O. and Marion Loreine
Underhill, E. O. and Marion Loreine
Underhill, E. O. and Marion Loreine
DeVinney, F. C. and DeVinney, Della
DeVinney, F. C. and DeVinney, Della
Whipple, LeRoy and LaVerna
Whipple, LeRoy and LaVerna
Whiteneck, Mrs. Emma
Whiteneck, Mrs. Emma
Earl, I. J.

Earl, I. J.

Gilbert, Chester

Breeze, C. D.

Case, Harold

Gilbert, Chester

Breeze, C. D.

Case, Harold	

Gilbert, Chester

Breeze, C. D.	

Case, Harold

Gilbert, Chester

Breeze, C. D.

Case, Harold

Stafis, Arthur and Laura H.

Stafis, Arthur and Laura H.

Stafis, Arthur and Laura H.

Stafis, Arthur and Laura H.

Stafis, Arthur and Laura H.

Doyle, John J and Cora E.

Doyle, John J. and Cora E.

Botts, Lynn and Isabella
Botts, Lynn and Isabella
Tenesch, Max M. and Effie	 M.

Tenesch, Max M. and Effie 	M.

Tenesch, Max M. and Effie 	M.

Tenesch, Max M. and Effie 	M.

Tenesch, Max 	M.

Tenesch, Max	 M.

Tenesch, Max	M.

Farris, R. B.

Farris, R. B.

Walters, E. F. Dec'd, c/o A. H. Harrington,
Administrator

Walters, E. F. Dec'd, c/o A. H. Harrington,
Administrator

Walters, E. F. Dec'd, c/o A. H. Harrington,
Administrator

Walters, E. F. Dec'd, c/o A. H. Harrington,
Administrator
Clark, Samuel R.

Clark, Samuel R.

Stone, James G.

Stone, James G.

Curto, B. J.

Curto, B. J.

Murrey, J. H.

Francis, Floyd 

Murrey, J. H. 

Francis, Floyd 

Murrey, J. H. 

Francis, Floyd 

Murrey, J. H.

Francis, Floyd 

An irregular parcel of land in Wardie Addition beginning at a point on the South property
line of Bonneville Street, being One Hundred Sixty (160) feet westerly from the northwest
 corner of Block Three (3), Wardie Addition; thence running westerly along the South property
line of Bonneville Street a distance of Fifty-one and three-tenths (51.3) feet to a point on
the common boundary between South and Wardie Additions to the City of Las Vegas; thence running
southerly to an intersection with the South property line of Lot Two (2) in Block Twenty-nine
(29), South Addition; thence easterly to the West property line of the alley running northerly
and southerly in said Block Three (3), Wardie Addition; thence northerly along the west property
line of said alley Fifty (50) feet to the point of beginning, of which Burton Neal and Sallie
Mitchell are owners, the assessment being $21.47;

Beam, Frank and Estella C. (S 50')
BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

Wilson, J. Lennox

Colville, E. D.

Colville, E. D.

Allen, Wm. Henry, Jr.

Allen, Wm. Henry, Jr.

Scharre, W. F.

Scharre, W. F.

Leeser, A. T.

Leeser, A. T.

Leeser, A. T.

Leeser, A. T.

Granadois, Fredrick R.

Granadois, Fredrick R.

O'Connor, Robert E. and Hallie H.
Grant, A. R.

Powers, James and Quay
Gifford, Arthur L and Frances
Gifford, Arthur L. and Frances
Gifford, Arthur L. and Frances
Gifford, Arthur L. and Frances
Ogle, Wm. and Marie J.

Ogle, Wm. and Marie J.

Stevens, Mrs. Ethel
Stevens, Mrs. Ethel
Stevens, Bert and Ethel May
Stevens, Bert and Ethel May
Healy, Harry J.

Healy, Harry J.

Kampling, H. A.

Kampling, H. A.

Wells, A. G.

Wells, A. G.

Luce, Harvey E. and Gladys D.

Luce, Harvey E. and Gladys D.

Crowe, Gerald
Crowe, Gerald
Finney, Mrs. J. L.

Finney, Mrs. J. L.

Beard, Geo. and Nora Belle
Beard, Geo. and Nora Belle
Yates, O. W. and Billie
Yates, O. W. and Billie
Holland, W. H. and Mollie
Holland, W. H. and Mollie
Homan, Walter N. and Lydia
Homan, Walter N. and Lydia
Breeze, C. D.

Breeze, C. D.

Beckley, Will
Beckley, Will
Beckley, Will
Beckley, Will
Beckley, Will
Beckley, Will
Zeller, Frank and Georgia
Zeller, Frank and Georgia
Bunker, Berkeley
Bunker, Berkeley
Bunker, Bryan L.

Bunker, Bryan L.

Hardy, Merlin H.

Hardy, Merlin H.

Stevens, Beaulah V.

Stevens, Beulah V.

Woodbury, Mrs. Lola A.

Woodbury, Mrs. Lola A.

Beckley, Jake
Beckley, Jake
Goumond, P. J.

Goumond, P. J.

Goumond, P. J. and Gertrude H.

Goumond, P. J. and Gertrude H.

Rinehart, V. T.

Rinehart, V. T.

Balcom, Dr. and Mrs. R. D.

Balcom, Dr. and Mrs. R. D.

Griffith, Robert B.

Griffith, Robert B.

Scott, Mrs. Anna L.

Scott, Mrs. Anna L.

Stevens, Beaulah V.

Stevens, Beulah V.

Parker, Perl S.

Parker, Perl S.

Lundholm, Gus
Lundholm, Gus
Martin, Mrs. Kate
Martin, Mrs. Kate
Lundholm, Gus
Lundholm, Gus
Von Tobel, Ed.

Von Tobel, Ed.

Von Tobel, Ed.

Davis,

Morrill N. and Nan K.
BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

Davis, Morrill W. and Nan K.

Davis, Morrill W. and Nan K.
Wengert, Cyril S.

Wengert, Cyril S.

Wengert, Cyril S.

Scotty W. L.

Scott, W. L.

Scott, W. L.

Johnson, H. O. and Josephine E.
Johnson, H. O. anti Josephine E.
Johnson, H. O. and Josephine E.
Marble, H. P.

Marble, H. P.

Marble, H. P.

Hart, Edwin G., Inc.

Hart, Edwin G., Inc.

New Mexico Development Co.

New Mexico Development Co.

Story, D. M. and Edith
Story, D. M. and Edith
Story, D. M. and Edith
Story, D. M. and Edith
Story, D. M. and Edith
Anderson, Clara D.

Anderson, Clara D.

Anderson, Clara D.

Anderson, Clara D.

Bailey, John B. and Edna
Bailey, John B. and Edna
Wengert, C. S.

Wengert, C. S.

Harrington, A. H., Adm. of Est. of
W. L. Aplin, Dec'd.

Harrington, A. H., Adm. of Est. of
W, L. Aplin, Dec'd.

Howarter, Della

Assessed to Educational District No. 2 the following Lots; immediately following each Lot
being the assessment upon such respective lot:

Block 8, Lot 1, $11.20; Lot 2, $11.20; Lot 3, $8.40; Lot 4, $8.40; Lot 5, $5.60; Lot 6,

$5.60; Lot 7, $2.80; Lot 8, $2.80; Lot 17, $16.10; Lot 18, $16.10; Lot 19, $14.50; Lot 20,
$14.50; Lot 21, $12.80; Lot 22, $12.80; Lot 23, $11.15; Lot 24, $11.15; Lot 25, $12.30;

Lot 26, $12.30; Lot 27, $15.10; Lot 28, $15.10; Lot 29, $17.90; Lot 30, $17.90; Lot 31, $20.70;
Lot 32,	$20.70.	 Block 9: Lot 9, $7.60;	Lot	10,	$7.60; Lot 11, $15.20; Lot 12, $15.20; Lot 13,

$22.80;	Lot	14,	$22.80;	Lot 15, $30.40;	Lot	16,	$30.40;	Lot	17,	$30.40;	Lot	18,	$37.50;	Lot	19,

$37.50;	Lot	20,	$37.50;	Lot 21, $32.54;	Lot	22,	$32.54;	Lot	23,	$27.58;	Lot	24,	$27.58;	Lot	25,

$20.36;	Lot	26,	$20.37;	Lot 27, $22.00;	Lot	28,	$22.00;	Lot	29,	$23.63;	Lot	30,	$23.64;	Lot	31,

$25.27;	Lot	32,	$25.27;	Total: $914.38;

Honrath, Earl A. and Donna V.
Honrath, Earl A. and Donna V.
Honrath, Donna V. and Earl A.
Wilson, Maurine and Fred H.

Wilson, Maurine and Fred H.

Wilson, Maurine and Fred H.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Harris, George E. and Charlotte G.
Harris, George E. and Charlotte G.
Down, James H., Jr.

Down, James H., Jr.

McKinney, Mrs. Eva
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Gibson, Floy A. and Eva
Gibson, Floy A. and Eva
Gibson, Alson P.

Gibson, Alson P.

Miller-Buzick Corporation
Miller- Buzick Corporation
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Helmick, H. H. and Erma M.

Helmick, H. H. and Erma M.

Assessed to Las Vegas School District the following Lots; Immediately following each Lot
being the assessment upon such respective Lot:
Block 17, Lot 1, $25.27; Lot 2, $25.27; Lot 3, $23.64; Lot 4, $23.63; Lot 5, $22.00; Lot 6,
$22.00; Lot 7, $20.37; Lot 8, $20.36; Lot 9, $20.36; Lot 10, $20.37; Lot 11,	$22.00; Lot 12,

$22.00; Lot 13, $23.63; Lot 14, $23.64; Lot 15, $25.27; Lot 16, $25.27. Block 18; Lot 1,
$50.54; Lot 2, $18.64; Lot 3, $18.63; Lot 4, $22.00; Lot 5, $22.00; Lot 6, $20.37; Lot 7,
$20.36; Lot 8, $20.36; Lot 9, $20.37; Lot 10, $22.00; Lot 11, $22.00; Lot 12, $23.63; Lot 13,
$23.64; Lot 14, $25.27; Lot 15, $25.27; Total: $720.16;

IN SOUTH ADDITION to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada:

BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

Rockwell, Leon	H.	$

Rockwell, Leon	H.

Rockwell, Leon	H.

Macrae-Jenkins Co.

Macrae-Jenkins Co.

Macrae-Jenkins Co.

Hilkie, Eliz. M.

Budde, Herman F.

Budde, Herman F.

Heinecke, Mrs. Marie
Heinecke, Mrs. Marie
Carroll, T. M. and Nellie
Carroll, T. M. and Nellie
Sittle, A. H.

Sittle, A. H.

Sittle, A. H.

Stevens, Beulah V.

Stevens, Beulah V.

Shaw, Samuel J.

Shaw, Samuel J.

Stevens, Beulah V.

Stevens, Beulah V.

Stevens, Beulah V.

Ferguson, Mrs. Grace
Ferguson, Mrs. Grace
Grant, A. R.

Grant, A. R.

Powers, James and Quay
Powers, James and Quay
Powers, James and Quay
O'Connor, Robert E. and Hallie H.

Hammond, Chas. J. and Ella V.

Hammond, Chas. J. and Ella V.

Mesquite Club
Mesquite Club

Westlake, Otto J. and Hogan, Paul A.

Westlake, Otto J. and Hogan, Paul A.

DeVinney, Della
DeVinney, Della
Wadsworth, James K. and Elva
Wadsworth, James K. and Elva
Carver, Deborah Mary
Carver, Deborah Mary
Carver, Deborah Mary
Hawkins, W. E.

Hawkins, W. E.

Hawkins, E. W.

Higbie, Orpha A.

Higbie, Orpha A.

Higbie, Orpha A.

Smith, J. Dayton and Ruth W.

Smith, J. Dayton and Ruth W.

Smith, J. Dayton and Ruth W.

Whipple, Reed
Whipple, Reed

Hutchinson, J. H. and Marie
Hutchinson, J. H. and Marie
Bunker, Vernon
Bunker, Vernon
Schuyler, Emma M.

Schuyler, Emma M.

Cahlan, A. E.

Cahlan, A. E.

Williams, W. T.

Williams, W. T.

Henderson, A. S.

Henderson, A. S.

Anderson, Clara D.

Anderson, Clara D.

Brown, Ancell G.

Brown, Ancell G.

Rake, George W. and Ruth
Rake, George W. and Ruth

Arentz, Sam'l S.,	Dec'd,	c/o	Sam	L.	Arentz,	Jr.

Arentz, Sam'l S.,	Dec'd,	c/o	Sam	L.	Arentz,	Jr.

Arentz, Sam'l S.,	Dec'd,	c/o	Sam	L.	Arentz,	Jr.

Drew, Mrs. A. L.

Drew, Mrs. A. L.

Drew, Mrs. A. L.

Wadsworth, Clair and Edna
Wadsworth, Clair and Edna
Connolly, T. E. and Myra L.

Connolly. T. E. and Myra L.
BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

Thompson, Frank and Josie	$

Thompson, Frank and Josie
Arnett, Leonard L.

Arnett, Leonard L.

Hanford, G. B.

Hanford, G. B.
Corkhill, Mrs. May
Corkhill, Mrs. May
Kramer, David C. and Daisy
Kramer, David C. and Daisy
Sheahan, Pat
Sheahan, Pat
Bash, Mrs. F. A.

Bash, Mrs. F. A.

Woodard, J. Warren
Woodard, J. Warren
Hawkins, W. E.

Hawkins, W. E.

Hawkins, W. E.

Hawkins, W. E.

Sheppard, E. S.

Sheppard, E. S.

Sheppard, E. S.

Cutright, Roy M.

Ham, A. W.

Ham, A. W.

Boyer, Florence
Boyer, Florence
Stewart, Harry C.

Stewart, Harry C.

Stewart, Harry C.

Kampling, H. A.

Wells, A. G.

Wells, A. G.

Neal, Burton and Sallie Mitchell

Neal, Burton and Sallie Mitchell

Rear, Rodolphe

Rear, Rololphe

Lee, Orval and Ethel Lee

Lee, Orval and Ethel Lee

Lee, Orval and Ethel Lee

Sheppard, E. S.

Sheppard, E. S.

Sheppard, E. S.

Sheppard, E. S.

Sheppard, E. S.

Rau, Lucille
Rau, Lucille
Worswick, A. L.

Worswick, A. L.

Beam, Frank and Estella C.

Beam, Frank and Estella C.

Wilson, J. Lennox
Wilson, J. Lennox
Colville, E.

Colville, E. D.

Mosso, Annie
Mosso, Annie
Mosso, Annie
Mosso, Annie
Hanford, G. B.

Hanford, G. B.

Henderson, Victor P.

Henderson, Victor P.

Hanford, G. B.

Hanford, G. B.

Hanford, G. B.

Hanford, G. B.

Hanford, G. B.

Hanford, G. B.

Hanford, G. B.

Hanford, G. B.

Duffill, Albert, Estate-c/o Mary Wood Duffill,
Admx.

Duffill, Albert, Estate-c/o Mary Wood Duffill,
Admx.

Duffill, Albert, Estate-c/o Mary Wood Duffill,
Admx.

Duffill, Albert, Estate-c/o Mary Wood Duffill,
Admx.

Duffill, Albert, Estate-c/o Mary Wood Duffill,
Admx.

Duffill, Albert, Estate-c/o Mary Wood Duffill,
Admx.

Duffill, Albert, Estate-c/o Mary Wood Duffill,
Admx.

Duffill, Albert, Estate-c/o Mary Wood Duffill,
Admx.

Ullom, Mabel R.

Ullom, Mabel R.

Zuciolotto, Egenio
Zuciolotto, Egenio
Zuciolotto, Egenio

Crandall, Irwin Ray and Rene B. Crandall
BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

Crandall, Irwin Ray and Rene B. Cran-
dall

Crandall, Irwin Ray and Rene B. Crandall

Crandall, Irwin Ray and Rene B. Crandall

Crandall, Irwin Ray and Rene B. Crandall

Cahlan, John F. and Julia

Cahlan, John F. and Julia

Cahlan, John F. and Julia

Earl, Ira J. and Lovisa

Earl, Ira J. and Lovisa

Earl. Ira J. and Lovisa

All of Block 32 Rafael, Andrew J. and Byrde

IN PIONEER HEIGHTS ADDITION to Las Vegas, Nevada:

BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

Harrington, A. H., Admr. of Estate of

W. L. Aplin, Deceased	

Harrington, A. H., Admr. of Estate of
W. L. Aplin, Deceased
Harrington, A. H., Admr. of Estate of
W. L. Aplin, Deceased
Harrington, A. H., Admr. of Estate of
W. L. Aplin, Deceased
Wengert,	C.	S.

Wengert,	C.	S.

Wengert,	C.	S.	and	Lottie

Wengert,	C.	S.	and	Lottie

Younce, Sadie J.

Younce, Sadie J. 

Kimball, Lydia F.

Kimball, Lydia F.

Kimball, Lydia F.

Kimball, Lydia F.

German, W. C.

German, W. C.

German, W. C.

German, W. C.

Thompson, Ralph and Irene
Thompson, Ralph and Irene
Carner, Harry A.
Carner, Harry A.

Carner, Harry A.

Carner, Harry A.

McCarthy, Betty
McCarthy, Betty
McCarthy, Betty
McCarthy, Betty

IN PARK PLACE ADDITION to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada:

BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

Ham, A. W. and Alta M. 

Ham, A. W. and Alta M.
Houssels, J. Kell
Lawson, S. J.

Corradetti, A.

Beckley, Jake and Alta G.

Myers, Ray A. and Ethel B. (140'xl27.10'
x201.6'xl45' of Lot K)

Lee, Nathan and Helen (W.50½' of E.

181' of Lot K)

Theiss, Walter. H. (W.50½' of E.

130½' of Lot K)

White, Dave	

IN AMENDED FLAT OF THE SUB-DIVISION OF LOT J, PARK PLACE ADDITION to the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada;

BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

Griffith, Robert B.

Davison, Earl F. (N 75' of 2)

Bihlmaier, Mabel and E. P. (S 10' of 2)
Bihlmaier, Mabel and E. P. (N 56.67' of
3)

Griffith, Robert B. (S 28.33' of 3)
Griffith, Robert B.

Griffith, Robert B.

Griffith, Robert B.

Griffith, Robert B.

Doolittle, F. M.

Taylor, Ryland G. and Myrtle B.

Smith, O. J. and Cloa

Smith, O. J. and Cloa

Smith, O. J. and Cloa 

Gusewelle, Frank and Juanita

Gusewelle, Frank and Juanita

Rogan, Blanche May 

Ferron, W. E. and Ruth

Ferron, W. E. and Ruth
BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

Ferguson, Dr. F. M.

Shamburger, Hugh
Mikkelsen, Elmer and Effie
Mikkelsen, Elmer and Effie
Van Meter, J. N. and Ruth
Van Meter, J. N. and Ruth
Ferron, W. E. and Ruth
Ferron, W. E. and Ruth
Grant, A. C.

Park, Wm. S. and Jno. S. (W½ Lot 2
(Except W 180' of S. 242' of N. 951'
and Except E½NW¼NW¼NE¼ Less E.130'
of North 40') —-14.02 Acres, Section
3, Twp 21, Range 61

Taylor, Ryland G. and Myrtle B.

(W 180' of S. 242' of N 951' in
Lot 2, —1 Acre, Section 3,

Twp 21, Range 61)

Park, Williams S. and Mary Belle Park
(E½ NW¼ NW¼ NE¼ (Less E 130' of N 40'
4.98 Acres, Section 3, Twp 21, Range
61)

Section 7. The total approximate amount to be levied and collected as Special
Assessment against the several lots and premises hereinbefore designated and described for the
purpose aforesaid, is as follows, to-wit: Thirty-five Thousand Three Hundred and Sixty-two
Dollars and ninety-nine cents ($35,362.99)

Section 8. All assessments when due and payable, as aforesaid, shall be paid to the
County Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Receiver of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
Ex-Officio Treasurer and Tax Receiver of the City of Las Vegas, who shall place the same in what
shall be known as "Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3 Fund", and no portion thereof shall
be paid out of said Treasury, except upon claims duly allowed by the said Board of Commissioners,
for the purpose of defraying the cost and expense of making said improvements as aforesaid, and
for no other purpose until the same is fully paid, provided, however, that if it becomes necessary
to draw upon the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas, for the purpose of defraying any part
of the cost and expense of making any of the said improvements as in this Ordinance contained,
that the said General Fund of the City of Las Vegas, shall be reimbursed by funds transferred
from the said Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3 Fund to the extent of the amount drawn
from the General Fund as soon as said Improvement Fund shall be in condition to permit the
transfer.

Section 9. That if, after the expiration of fifty days from the date of the con-
firmation and recording of said Special Assessment Roll, as in this Ordinance contained, there
shall remain due and unpaid, any of the said special assessments as contained in said Roll,
the said Board of Commissioners within a reasonable time thereafter, shall by Ordinance provide
for the issuance of bonds for the amount of the unpaid assessments, in accordance with the terms
and provisions of "An Act to authorize municipalities to issue bonds for the purpose of paying
the cost of municipal improvements for which special assessments are levied," approved March
13, 1909, as amended, and also in conformity with the provisions of the Charter of the City
of Las Vegas.

Section 10. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication
and final passage.

The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to cause
this Ordinance to be published in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately
following its first reading.

This Ordinance was read aloud for the first time, proposed, considered and voted
upon this fourth day of December, 1936. Voting Ayes: Commissioners Down, Marble, Krause
and Perry, and His Honor, the Mayor, L. L. Arnett. Voting Nays: None. Absent: None.

L. L. Arnett, Mayor of
the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:

Viola Burns City Clerk
and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas.

( CITY SEAL )
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK)SS.

F. F. Garside, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks from December 10th 1936 to December 17th
1936 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

December 10th-17th

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed F. F. Garside

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th day of December 1936

A.	E. Cahlan_____________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires
Jan 12 1939

( NOTARY SEAL )

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board held on the 4th day of December 1936, at which time it was proposed, considered
and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Review
Journal, a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week
for two consecutive weeks, immediately following its first reading. And it was there read
aloud to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved, and finally passed at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the fourth day of January, 1937,

Voting ayes: Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry, and His Honor the Mayor, L. L.
Arnett. Noes, None. Absent, None.

Approved:

L. L. Arnett__________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

ATTEST:

Viola Burns______

City Clerk

( CITY SEAL )

ORDINANCE NO. 223

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
to borrow Sixteen Thousand Five Hundred Ninety-seven and 95/100 ($16,597.95) Dollars, to cover certain unpaid
assessments heretofore levied and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas for the
purpose of paying for the work of making improvements In the City of Las Vegas by grading for and the construc-
tion of oil bound gravel pavements and curbs and gutters on certain streets and portions of streets in the
City of Las Vegas and particularly described in what is called "Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3",
and to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said bonds to be known as "Las Vegas 1937
Improvement District No. 3 Bonds", and providing for the collection of the said unpaid assessments by dividing
the same into ten (10) annual installments and placing said installments on the tax roll of Clark County and
collecting the same in the same manner as state and county taxes are collected by law, and other matters re-
lating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN:

Section 1. That for the purpose of paying for the work of grading for and construction of oil bound
gravel pavements, and curbs and gutters, on certain streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, to-wit: Portions of the following named streets: Sixth Street, Seventh Street, Eighth Street, Ninth
Street, Tenth Street, Eleventh Street, Linden Avenue, Mesquite Avenue, Stewart Street, Ogden Street, Carson
Street, Bridger Street, Lewis Street, Clark Street, Bonneville Street, Garces Street, Charleston Boulevard,
Division Street and Fifth Place, the particular lots and parcels of land, and the persons to whom assessed being
particularly described and set forth in City Ordinances Nos. 221 and 222 of the City of Las Vegas, for which
special assessments have heretofore been levied and confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners and not paid
in full by said owners of property on said streets heretofore named and in compliance with and by virtue and
authority of a certain Act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada approved March 13, 1909, entitled "An Act
to authorize municipalities to issue bonds for the purpose of paying the cost of municipal improvements for
which special assessments are levied" as amended, and in accordance with City Ordinance No. 221 of the City of
Las Vegas, finally approved January 4, 1937, and City Ordinance No. 222 of the City of Las Vegas, finally
approved the 4th day of January, 1937, and in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized, empowered and directed to
issue in the name of the City of Las Vegas, ten (10) bonds of the denomination of One Thousand ($1,000.00)
Dollars, and nine (9) bonds of the denomination of Five Hundred ($500.00) Dollars each, and one (1) bond of
the denomination of Six Hundred Fifty-four and 55/100 ($654.55) Dollars, payable in equal annual periods of
from one to ten years from January 1, 1937, each bearing interest at the rate of not to exceed seven (7%) per
cent per annum, the said interest to be payable annually on the first day of January of each year; provided,
the said bond in the sum of Six Hundred Fifty-four and 55/100 (654.55) Dollars shall be payable on the 1st
day of January, 1937, and all of which said bonds shall be sold to the bidder making the best bid, but shall not
be sold for less than par value and accrued interest.
Section 2. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause said bonds to be prepared
and they shall be signed by the Mayor or Mayor pro tem, and the City Clerk, and counter-signed by the City
Assessor, and authenticated by the seal of the City of Las Vegas, Coupons representing the several installments
of interest to fall due thereon shall be attached to each bond so that they may be removed without injury to the
same, numbered consecutively, and bear the signature or facsimile signature of the Mayor or Mayor pro-tem, and
the counter-signature or facsimile counter-signature of the City Assessor. Said bonds shall be dated January 1,
1937, and shall be sold at not less than their face or par value and accured interest, and the proceeds thereof
shall be placed in the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to replace the money heretofore paid out of the said
 general Fund for making said improvements by reason of the non payment of certain special assessments by certain
of the property owners in the time required by law. The said bonds shall be known as and called "Las Vegas 1937
Improvement District No. 3 Bonds".

Section 3. The amount remaining unpaid of the said special assessments for which these bonds are to be
 issued, as shown by the assessment roll on file in the office of the City Clerk and the City Assessor of the
City of Las Vegas appears to be Sixteen Thousand Five Hundred Ninety-seven and 95/100 ($16,597.95) Dollars, and
the said bonds and the said annual installments due and to become due thereon for ten (10) annual periods
commencing January 1, 1938, are, and shall be, a lien upon the lots and parcels of land hereinafter particularly
described for the amounts of the assessments due thereon, together with interest at the rate of not to exceed
seven (7%) per cent per annum from, the first day of January, 1937, until said bonds are paid, the exact amount
of interest on said bonds to be fixed and determined at the rate offered by the successful bidder on the said
 bonds, as provided by law, and the interest on said installments of the said unpaid assessments to be fixed by
appropriate action of the said Board of City Commissioners at the same rate as the interest payable on said bonds.

The following are the names of the owners and reputed owners of the lots and parcels of land, and the
amount of unpaid assessments thereon:

IN BUCK'S SUB-DIVISION, Las Vegas, Nevada:

BLOCK LOT	OWNER	ASSESSMENT

Breeze, C. D.	$

Martellitti, Tony
Martelletti, Tony

Flowers, W. J., Administrator of the Estate of W.C. Taylor
Sigurdson, John
Sigurdson, John
Breeze, C. D.

Breeze, C. D.

Breeze, C. D.

Breeze, C. D.

Strupat, Ed. E.

Kimball, O. A., Administrator for Ray Neeley, Deceased

Kimball, O. A., Administrator for Ray Neeley, Deceased

Sherwood, Helen

Doolittle, Theresa

Bingham, R. D. and Arretta F.

Bingham, R. D. and Arretta F.

Miner, Mary E.

May, William 

Knudson, K. O. and Beatrice 

Boyer, C. C.

Boyer, C. C.

Hardy, Merlin H.

Pembroke, Elizabeth
Pembroke, Elizabeth
Pembroke, Elizabeth

Johnson, Donald
Wasden, Flossie A.

Park, W. S., Doctor

Park, W. S., Doctor

Jones, Ellie

Wasden, Kent and Esther

Gelber, Sam and Johanna

Alldredge, Azar and Alice

Sill, James M. and T. Louise

Bryant, C. A. and Katie

Bryant, C. A. and Katie

Bryant, C. A. and Katie

Bryant, C. A. and Katie

Bryant, C. A. and Katie

Bryant, C. A. and Katie

Bryant, C. A. and Katie

Whitehead, S. R.

Whitehead, S. R.

Whitehead, S. R.

Galewick, Julius S.

Nay, Sylvester B. and Ruby A.

Fitzgerald, W. E.

Rau, Maurice F.

Conwell, Sarah

Jackson, Martin L. and Ada T.

Jackson, Martin L. and Ada T.

Ogle, William
Ogle, William
BLOCK	LOT	OWNER	ASSESSMENT

Gravelle, Harry C. and Mary	$

Gravelle, Harry, C. and Mary

Noblitt, Leonard

Gravelle, Harry C. and Mary

Gore, Ida C.

Price, Mrs. Minnie
Salgo, Imre
Gore, Ida C.

McDonald, W. R. (Robert)

Gravelle, Harry C. and Mary

Kimball, Otto A.	

Morrison, W. H. and Ella V.

Morrison, W. H. and Ella V.

Smith, Douglas W.

Stevens, Beulah V.

Martin, Sarah A.

Witcher, A. B. and Lillian
Nield, J. R. and Vivian
Rafael, Andrew J.

New York & Las Vegas Inv.

New York & Las Vegas Inv.

New York & Las Vegas Inv.

New York & Las Vegas Inv.

New York & Las Vegas Inv.

Williams, Jr. J. H.

Pinjuv, M. S.

Pinjuv, M. S.

Pinjuv, M. S.

Pinjuv, M. S.

Wengert, C. S. and Lottie
Harland, Thos. O.

Fitzgerald, W. E.

Title & Trust Company of Nevada
Title & Trust Company of Nevada
Title & Trust Company of Nevada
Hinman, A. A.

Hansell, L. B. and Luella
Markich, George
Martin, R. W.

Hinge, Josephine
Lake, Mary E
Lake, Mary E.

Las Vegas Hospital Ass'n., Inc.

Las Vegas Hospital Ass'n., Inc.

Las Vegas Hospital Ass'n., Inc.

Las Vegas Hospital Ass'n., Inc.

Las Vegas Hospital Ass'n., Inc.

Las Vegas Hospital Ass'n., Inc.

Las Vegas Hospital Ass'n., Inc.

Las Vegas Hospital Ass'n., Inc.

Howell, Mary Belle
Howell, Mary Belle
Torp, Osborne
Torp, Osborne
Williams, Dewey B.

Williams, Rose and James N. Williams
Williams, Rose and James N. Williams
Williams, Rose and James N. Williams
Walsh, Thomas C. and Doris May
Breeze, C. D.

Gronberg, Roy A. and Mary L.

Shaw, Della E.

Hannig, Joe
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam

Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sain
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam
Mikulich, Sam

Heffner, Henry & Eliz. L.
Colbert, J. M.

Delkin, A. C., Hattie May Pavlo, James L. Delkin,

Fred Delkin, James Anton Delkin, and Wm. Milton Delkin
Delkin, A. D., Hattie May Pavlo, James L. Delkin,

Fred Delkin, James Anton Delkin, & Wm. Milton Delkin
BLOCK	LOT	OWNER	ASSESSMENT

IN FAIRVIEW TRACT, Las Vegas, Nevada;

IN LADD'S ADDITION TO Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada:

IN HAWKINS' ADDITION TO THE City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada:

Heffner, Henry and Eliz
Colbert, J. M.

Jackson, Martin L. and Ada T.

Rau, F. G. and Son
Rau, F. G. and Son
Rau, F. G. and Son

Delkin, A. C., Hattie May Pavlo, James L.
Delkin, Fred Delkin, James Anton Delkin and
Win. Milton Delkin
Travelers Auto Court, Inc.

Travelers Auto Court, Inc.

Travelers Auto Court, Inc.

Travelers Auto Court, Inc.

Delkin, A. C., Pavlo, Hattie May, James L.
Delkin, Fred Delkin, James Anton Delkin and
Wm. Milton Delkin

Kimball, O. A., Admr., Ray Nealey, Deceased
Kimball, O. A., Admr., Ray Nealey, Deceased
Sandall, Edity R.

Sandall, Edity R.

McDonald, Grace M.

May, William
May, William
Miner, Mary E.

Miner, Mary E.

Ullom, G. Laurence
Ullom, G. Laurence
Ullom, G. Laurence
Clark, Ed. W.

Clark, Ed. W.

Clark, Ed. W.

Clark, Ed. W.

Clark, Ed. W.

Adams, Harold and Lola
Adams, Harold and Lola

Gifford, Arthur L. & Frances 
DeVinney, Della and F. C. DeVinney

(E. 94' of Lot 17)

Gifford, Arthur L. & Frances 
DeVinney, Della and F. C. DeVinney

(E. 94' of Lot 18)

Gifford Arthur L. & Frances 
DeVinney, Della and F. C. DeVinney

(E. 94' of Lot 18)

Jones, Ellie
Jones, Ellie
Jones, Ellie
Davis, 6. L.

Davis, G. L.

Rhoads, Mrs. W. S.

Rhoads, Mrs. W. S.

Sanderson, Fern
Sanderson, Fern
Lonergan, Emma A.

Lonergan, Emma A.

Colorado River Exploration Co., Ltd.

Colorado River Exploration Co., Ltd.

Colorado River Exploration Co., Ltd.

Colorado River Exploration Co., Ltd.

Colorado River Exploration Co., Ltd.

Santongue, Van and Katherine
Santongue, Van and Katherine
Ryerse, C. K.

Ryerse, C. K.

Ryerse, C. K.

Symington, Robert
Symington, Robert
Symington, Robert
Stone, James G.

Stone, James G.

Stone, James G.

Colorado Exploration Company, Ltd.

Colorado Exploration Company, Ltd.

Colorado Exploration Company, Ltd.

(S. 130' of W. 63.8' of Lot 17)
IN WARDIE ADDITION to Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada:

BLOCK	LOT	OWNER	ASSESSMENT

Cornish, Mrs. R. M.

Cornish, Mrs. R. M.

Cornish, Mrs. R. M.

Cornish, Mrs. R. M.

Cox, Estelle
Cox, Estelle

Mott, Wm. E. and Agnes Marion

Mott, Wm. E. and Agnes Marion

Ellis, Wm. E.

Ellis, Wm. E.

DeVinney, F. C. and DeVinney, Della
DeVinney, F. C. and DeVinney, Della
Whiteneck, Mrs. Emma
Whiteneck, Mrs. Emma
Breeze, C. D. 

Case, Harold

Breeze, C. D. 

Case, Harold 

Breeze, C. D.

Case, Harold	

Breeze, C. D.

Case, Harold 

Doyle, John J. and Cora E.

Doyle, John J. and Cora E.

Botts, Lynn and Isabella
Botts, Lynn and Isabella
Stone, James G.

Stone, James G.

Curto, B. J.

Curto, B. J.

Francis, Floyd 
Francis, Floyd
Francis, Floyd
Francis, Floyd

An irregular parcel of land in Wardie Addition beginning at a point on the South
property line of Bonneville Street, being One Hundred Sixty (160) feet westerly
from the northwest corner of Block Three (3), Wardie Addition; thence running
westerly along the South property line of Bonneville Street a distance of Fifty-
one and three-tenths (51.3) feet to a point on the common boundary between South
and Wardie Additions to the City of Las Vegas; thence running southerly to an
intersection with the South property line of Lot Two (2) in Block Twenty-nine (29),
South Addition; thence easterly to the West property line of the alley running
northerly and southerly in said Block Three (3), Wardie Addition; thence northerly
along the west property line of said alley Fifty (50) feet to the point of begin-
ning, of which Burton Neal and Sallie Mitchell are owners, the assessment being
$21.47.

Beam, Frank and Estella C.

Wilson, J. Lennox	

Colville, E. D.

Colville, E. D.

Allen, Wm. Henry, Jr.

Allen, Wm. Henry, Jr.

Scharre, W. F.

Scharre, W. F.

Granadois, Fredrick R.

Granadois, Fredrick R.

O'Connor, Robert E. and Hallie H. 
Grant A. R.

Gifford, Arthur L. and Frances
Gifford, Arthur and Frances
Gifford, Arthur L. and Frances
Gifford, Arthur L. and Frances
Kampling, H. A.

Kampling, H. A.

Wells, A. G.

Wells, A. G.

Crowe, Gerald
Crowe, Gerald

Beard, Geo. and Nora Belle
Beard, Geo. and Nora Belle
Yates, O. W. and Billie
Yates, O. W. and Billie
Homan, Walter N. and Lydia
Homan, Walter N. and Lydia
Breeze, C. D.

Breeze, C. D.

Zeller, Frank and Georgia
Zeller, Frank and Georgia
Bunker, Bryan L.

Bunker, Bryan L.

Hardy, Merlin H.

Hardy, Merlin H.

Stevens, Beulah V.

Stevens, Beulah V.
BLOCK	LOT	OWNER	ASSESSMENT

IN SOUTH ADDITION to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada:

Heinecke, Mrs. Marie
Heinecke, Mrs. Marie
Carroll, T. M. and Nellie
Carroll, T. M. and Nellie
Sittle, A. H.

Sittle, A. H.

Sittle, A. H.

Stevens, Beulah V.
Stevens, Beulah V.

Shaw, Samuel J.

Shaw, Samuel J.

Stevens, Beulah V.
Stevens, Beulah V.
Stevens, Beulah V.
Ferguson, Mrs. Grace
Ferguson, Mrs. Grace
Grant, A. R.

Grant, A. R.

Stevens, Beulah V.

Stevens, Beulah V.

Von Tobel, Ed
Von Tobel, Ed
Von Tobel, Ed

Davis, Morrill W. and Nan K.

Davis, Morrill W. and Nan K.

Davis, Morrill W. and Nan K.

Wengert, Cyril S.

Wengert, Cyril S.

Wengert, Cyril S.

Scott, W. L.

New Mexico Development Co.

New Mexico Development Co.

Story, D. M. and Edith
Story, D. M. and Edith
Story, D. M. and Edith
Story, D. M. and Edith
Story, D. M. and Edith
Anderson, Clara D.

Anderson, Clara D.

Anderson, Clara D.

Anderson, Clara D.

Bailey, John B. and Edna
Bailey, John B. and Edna
Wengert, C. S.

Wengert, C. W.

Harrington, A. H., Adm. of Est. of
W. L. Aplin, Dec'd.
Harrington, A. H., Adm. of Est. of
W. L. Aplin, Dec'd.

Howater, Della

Honrath, Earl A. and Donna V.

Honrath, Earl A. and Donna V.

Honrath, Donna V. and Earl A.
Wilson, Maurine and Fred H.

Wilson, Maurine and Fred H.

Wilson, Maurine and Fred H.

Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Woitishek, Louis A. and Dorothy M.
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Harris,	George	E.	and 	Charlotte G.

Harris,	George	E.	and	 Charlotte

Harris,	George	E.	and 	Charlotte

Down, James H., Jr.

Down, James H., Jr.

McKinney, Mrs. Eva
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Miller-Buzick Corporation
Helmick, H. H. and Erma M.

Helmick, H. H. and Erma
BLOCK	LOT	OWNER	ASSESSMENT

O'Connor, Robert E. and Hallie H.

DeVinney, Della
DeVinney, Della
Wadsworth, James K. and Elva
Wadsworth, James K. and Elva
Cahlan, A. E.

Cahlan, A. E.

Henderson, A. S.

Henderson, A. S.

Anderson, Clara D.

Anderson, Clara D.

Arentz, Sam'l. S., Dec'd. c/o Sam L. Arentz, Jr.
Arentz, Sam'l. S., Dec'd. c/o Sam L. Arentz, Jr.
Arentz, Sam'l S., Dec'd. c/o Sam L. Arentz, Jr.
Drew, Mrs. A. L.

Drew, Mrs. A. L.

Drew, Mrs. A. L.

Wadsworth, Clair and Edna
Wadsworth, Clair and Edna
Thompson, Frank and Josie

Thompson, Frank and Josie
Hanford, G. B.

Hanford, G. B.

Corkhill, Mrs. May
Corkhill, Mrs. May
Woodard, J. Warren
Woodard, J. Warren
Sheppard, E. S.

Sheppard, E. S.

Sheppard, E. S.

Cutright, Roy M.

Boyer, Florence
Boyer, Florence
Stewart, Harry C.

Stewart, Harry C.

Stewart, Harry C.

Sampling, H. A.

Wells, A. G.

Wells, A. G.

Neal, Burton and Sallie Mitchell
Neal, Burton and Sallie Mitchell
Rear, Rodolphe
Rear, Rodolphe
Lee, Orval and Ethel Lee
Lee, Orval and Ethel Lee
Lee, Orval and Ethel Lee
Sheppard, E. S.

Sheppard, E. S.

Sheppard, E. S.

Sheppard, E. S.

Sheppard, E. S.

Worswick, A. L.

Worswick, A. L.

Beam, Frank and Estella C.

Beam, Frank and Estella C.

Wilson, J. Lennox
Wilson, J. Lennox
Colville, E. D.

Colville, E. D.

Mosso, Annie
Mosso, Annie
Mosso, Annie
Mosso, Annie
Hanford, G. B.

Hanford, G. B.

Henderson, Victor P.

Henderson, Victor P.

Hanford, G. B.

Hanford, G. B.

Hanford, G. B.

Hanford, G. B.

Hanford, G. B.

Hanford, G. B.

Hanford, G. B.

Hanford, G. B.

Ullom, Mabel R.

Ullom, Mabel R.

Crandall, Irwin Ray and Rene B. Crandall

Crandall, Irwin Ray and Rene B. Crandall

Crandall, Irwin Ray and Rene B. Crandall

Crandall, Irwin Ray and Rene B. Crandall

Crandall, Irwin Ray and Rene B. Crandall

Cahlan, John F. and Julia

Cahlan, John F. and Julia

Cahlan, John F. and Julia

Earl, Ira J. and Lovisa

Earl, Ira J. and Lovisa

Earl, Ira J. and Lovisa

Rafael, Andrew J. and Byrde
IN PIONEER HEIGHTS ADDITION to Las Vegas, Nevada

BLOCK	LOT	OWNER	ASSESSMENT

Harrington, A. H., Admr. of Estate of
W. L. Aplin, Deceased
Harrington, A. H., Admr. of Estate of
W. L. Aplin, Deceased
Harrington, A. H., Admr. of Estate of
W. L. Aplin, Deceased
Harrington, A. H., Admr., of Estate of
W. L. Aplin Deceased
Wengert, C. S.

Wengert, C. S.

Wengert, C. S. and Lottie
Wengert, C. S. and Lottie

Thompson, Ralph and Irene 
Thompson, Ralph and Irene

IN PARK PLACE ADDITION to the City of Las Vegas, Clark, County, Nevada:

Myers, Ray. A. and Ethel B.

IN AMENDED PLAT OF THE SUB-DIVISION OF LOT J, PARK PLACE ADDITION to the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada:

Bihlmaier, Mabel	and	E.P.

Bihlmaier, Mabel	and	E.P.

Doolittle, F. M.

Smith, O. J. and Cloa

Smith, O. J. and Cloa

Smith, O. J. and Cloa 

Gusewelle, Frank	and	Juanita

Gusewelle, Frank	and	Juanita 

Ferron, W. E. and Ruth

Ferron, W. E. and Ruth

Shamburger, Hugh

Ferron, W. E. and Ruth

Ferron, W. E. and Ruth

Section 4. That the unpaid assessments shall be paid as follows: One-tenth on or before one year
from the 1st day of January, 1937, and one-tenth on or before the first day of January of each year thereafter,
until the same is paid in fall, with interest thereon at the rate of seven (7%) per cent per annum; each of
said installments shall bear interest at the rate of seven per cent (7%) per annum, payable annually, in the
manner hereinafter directed, on the whole amount due and unpaid. Such installments and the interest thereon
shall be and remain a lien on the said lots and parcels of land until paid in full, and shall be collected and
paid in the following manner:

Each installment, together with the interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County
on and against the several owners and premises hereinbefore enumerated, and the County Assessor of Clark County,
acting ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas', is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the
said tax roll of Clark County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on the said
tax roll of Clark County, and the County Treasurer, acting ex-officio City Treasurer and Tax Collector of the
City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same
time as other state and county taxes are collected. Provided, that the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas shall, annually, commencing with the year 1937, and continuing for a period of nine (9) years there-
after, and until all of said bonds are paid, at the time prescribed by law for the levying of taxes for state and
county purposes, direct the City Clerk to report to the County Assessor, acting ex-officio City Assessor, a
description of such lots and premises, together with their owners, as in Section 3 herein before set forth,
with the amount of the annual installments, together with the interest due thereon to be levied upon and against
each of the same premises and owners, and the City Assessor is hereby authorized and directed to enter the
several sums so assessed as a tax upon the several lots or premises, respectively, and the Board of City Com-
missioners shall annually continue to so require the City Assessor to enter the said installments of special
assessments until the whole sum assessed, with interest thereon, has been paid. Provided further, however, that
if the Board of City Commissioners should fail or neglect to direct the City Clerk to report to the City
Assessor a description of such lots and premises as in this section before mentioned, the City Assessor shall
enter the said special assessments and place the same on the said tax roll and do all and every thing necessary,
as fully and completely as though the Board of City Commissioners had directed the same to be done.

Section 5. Said installments of special taxes and the interest thereon, when collected, shall
constitute and be a sinking fund for the payment of said bonds and the interest thereon, and said fund shall
not be used for any other purpose. Provided, however, should it be necessary or advisable to issue and sell
revenue anticipation warrants or other obligations of the City in lieu of the bonds herein provided for, then
and in such event, such installments of special taxes and interest thereon collected may be used to redeem
such obligations as may be issued in lieu of the bonds herein provided for, and as said installments, with
interest thereon, are paid, as hereinbefore directed, said bonds and the coupons thereon shall be called in
and paid, and cancelled by the City Treasurer, in their numerical order, annually, to the amount and extent of
such annual payments of the assessments, and the said interest on said bonds shall cease.

Section 6. The issuance of the bonds herein provided for shall be conclusive evidence of the
regularity of all proceedings up to the issuance of such bonds, and in the event that the fund created by such
special assessments shall be insufficient to pay the said bonds as they become due, the deficiency, if any,
shall be paid by the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, out of the General Fund of said City and each
of the bonds issued under this Ordinance shall contain a provision to that effect, and said bonds shall be
exempt from City taxation.

Section 7. This Ordinance shall take effect immediately after its adoption, approval and publication
in______________________Las Vegas Age_____________________
Section 8. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance published in the

____________________________________LAS VEGAS AGE_______________________________________________________________

published in the City of Las Vegas, once each week for two weeks.

Passed and adopted this 5th day of April , A. D. 1937, by the following vote of the City
Commissioners:

Ayes:	Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble, and His Honor the Mayor, L. L. Arnett._______

Nays:	None__________________________________________________

Absent Commissioner Perry___________________________________________________________________

First reading April 5th, 1937________________, second and final reading May 6th, 1937______________

Approved this ____________ day of

1937.

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board
of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board held on the 5th day of April, 1937, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted upon and
unanimously adopted and there after published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks, immediately following its first reading.

It was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at a recessed
regular meeting of the Board held on the 6th day of May, 1937.

Voting aye: Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble, and Perry___________ and His Honor the Mayor.

Noes, None_______.

Absent None	.

Approved:

L. L. ARNETT________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Attest:

VIOLA BURNS_______________

City Clerk and Clerk of the
Board of City Commissioners

(CITY SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss.

County of Clark)





C. P. SQUIRES being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is PUBLISHER of Las Vegas Age,
a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the attached ORDINANCE NO. 223 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS was published in said
newspaper for a period of TWO WEEKS from APRIL 9, 1937 to APRIL 16, 1937 inclusive
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

APRIL 9 and 16, 1937

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the legal charge
for publishing Said legal notice was $346.80.

Signed_________C. P. SQUIRES______________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day of April 1937.

C. D. BREEZE_____________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires June 7, 1939.

(Notary Seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 224
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE INVESTIGATION OF THE PROPRIETOR, LESSEE OR MANAGER OF AND THE CHARACTER OF THE
BUSINESS OF ANY TRAVELING SHOW, TRAVELING SKATING RINK, CIRCUS, HIPPODROME, MENAGERIE OR CARNIVAL INTENDING TO
EXHIBIT IN THE OPEN AIR OR UNDER A TENT, PUBLIC HALL, OR CLUB ROOM, ASSEMBLY HALL OR THEATRE WITHIN THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

Section 1. Whenever any proprietor, lessee or manager of any traveling show, traveling skating rink, circus,
hippodrome, menagerie or carnival intending to exhibit in the open air or under a tent or in any public hall,
club room, assembly hall or theatre, any performance or exhibition within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall
apply to the City Clerk for a license to operate the same; the said application shall be referred to the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, which Board shall in turn refer the said application to some suitable
person who shall investigate the character of the applicant and the character of business which the applicant
intends to operate; or the said Board, in lieu thereof, shall personally investigate the said applicant or
applicants and the character of the business which the applicant intends to operate, whichever in the judgment
of the Board may be more feasible. If the facts reveal to the Board, the findings of which shall be conclusive,
after such investigation, that the character of the applicant or the business sought to be conducted is of such
nature and character as to be a menace to the public peace, or public health, or public safety, or public
morals of the City of Las Vegas, then and in such event the said application shall be rejected and the license
denied. Otherwise the City Clerk shall be directed to issue such license upon the payment of the fee required
by law.

Section 2. It is deemed by the Board that the immediate operation of the provisions of this ordinance is
necessary for the preservation of the public peace, public morals, public health and public safety of the City
of Las Vegas. Therefore, an emergency is hereby declared to exist and this ordinance shall be and become im-
mediately in force and effect from and after its passage and approval and publication as provided by law.

Vote on the passage of this ordinance was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye.

Noes, none.

Absent, none.

INTRODUCED and passed on this 6th day of May , 1937, and was thereafter published in the Las Vegas
 Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for two consecutive weeks.

_______L.L. ARNETT___________________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

 Attest:

VIOLA BURNS

Viola Bums, City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA	) SS

COUNTY OF CLARK	)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS
VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and pub-
lished at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was
continuously published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks from May 6th 1937
to May 13th 1937 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit May 6th-13th

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this

3rd day of Jun 1937.	A.E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires Jan 12 1939

ORDINANCE NO. 225

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE ABANDONMENT AND VACATION OF A PARCEL OF LAND HERETOFORE
CONSTITUTING A	PORTION OF SOUTH MAIN STREET	IN	THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,	CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

The Board	of Commissioners of the City	of	Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1. hat parcel of land lying between Garces Street and Gass Street and immed-
iately westerly of South Main Street, as the said Main Street is now constructed, which said
parcel of land was heretofore used as a portion of South Main Street as formerly constructed
but having been abandoned upon the construction of South Main Street as it now exists, which
said parcel of land is more particularly described as follows:

Beginning at a point on the West property line of South Main Street 128 feet
Southerly	from the northwest corner of	the South Addition to the	City of Las

Vegas, as	shown by map thereof on file	in	Book 1 Plats, page 51,	in the office

of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada:
Thence following the Westerly line of said street as now constructed
as follows: Southerly on a curve 420 feet radius to the left at dis-
tance of 244.3 feet:

Thence South 5 26' East 112.5 feet to an intersection with the North-
easterly line of Lot "A" of said South Addition, which said point is
40 feet North 17 15' West from the Southeast corner of said Lot "A";

Thence North 27 45' with the West line of said Main Street, as shown
by plat of said South Addition, 192 feet to the point of beginning.

is hereby abandoned and vacated as a street or public thoroughfare.

Section 2. An emergency is hereby declared to exist and this Ordinance is passed
as an Emergency Ordinance and the same shall be in full force and effect immediately after
its passage and publication as required by law.

This Emergency Ordinance was read aloud in full for its first time, proposed
and considered..and voted upon this 27th day of May, 1937.

Vote on the passage of this ordinance was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble,
and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent none.

Introduced and passed on this 27th day of May, 1937, and was thereafter publish-
ed in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas for two consecutive weeks;

Approved:

L.L. Arnett,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA	)ss

COUNTY OF CLARK	)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, A DAILY NEWSPAPER, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from June 3rd
1937 to June 10th 1937 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: June 3rd-10th.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st day of June, 1937

A.E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires Jan 12 1939
(Notarial Seal)

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
ORDINANCE NO. 226.

AN ORDINANCE CREATING A RECREATION BOARD FOR THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, PROVIDING FOR THE
APPOINTMENT OF ITS MEMBERS, DEFINING ITS DUTIES AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Roard of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1. A board is hereby created to be known as the Las Vegas Recreation Board,
hereinafter designated as "the Board"; said Board shall consist of five (5) members,
four (4) of whom shall be appointed by the Mayor, with the approval of the Board of
Commissioners, and there shall be one (1) ex-officio member. The Commissioner of Streets
and Public Property shall be the ex-officio member.

Section 2. Of the members of the Board so first appointed, one shall be appointed
for the term of two years expiring June 30, 1939, one for a term of four (4) years expir-
ing June 30, 1941, one for the term of six (6) years expiring June 30, 1943, and one for
the term of eight (8) years expiring June 30, 1945. Their successors shall be appointed
for term of eight (8) years each. If a vacancy shall occur otherwise than by expiration
of a term of an appointee member, it shall be filled by appointment for the unexpired
portion of the term. The ex-officio member shall serve only during his incumbency as City
Commissioner. And every two (2) years thereafter a member shall be appointed to the said
Board to fill the vacancy created by the member whose term expires. All members of the
Board shall be appointed by the Mayor with the approval of the Board of Commissioners.
Section 3. Upon the appointment the Board shall meet and organize by electing from
its membership a chairman and a secretary and such other officers as in the judgment
of the Board may be necessary. Said Board shall have the power to adopt from tine to
time such rules and regulations as may be necessary or convenient for the conduct of its
business. All members of the Board shall serve as such without compensation.

Section 4. Said Board shall have power and authority to establish and maintain and
operate within the limit of the means provided for that purpose, playgrounds, recreation
centers, swimming pools, camps and other recreation areas within or without the corpor-
ate limits of the City of Las Vegas, and to employ recreation superintendent, directors,
supervisors, care-takers, and such other officers and employees as it shall deem necessary
to operate such recreational properties and areas and to conduct proper recreational
activities thereof; and shall have the power and authority to conduct and direct recre-
ational activities upon public lands and in public buildings, and private lands and
buildings, with the consent of the owners thereof; and may use and enjoy with the con-
sent of the owners any public or private grounds or buildings or other facilities which
may be offered temporarily or permanently for recreational purposes; and may from time
to time lease or rent such buildings, land or other facilities as are deemed by the said
Board necessary for the conduct of such program as may be from time to time deemed
necessary in such recreational activities. Provided, however, that no expense or debts
shall be incurred in or relating to such recreational activities or in the procurement of
facilities therefore without the approval of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas first having been obtained.

Section 5. The said Board shall, when required by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, and annually in all events, submit an inventory of equipment and
Supplies oh hand, and a report generally covering the progress of the activities of the
Board. On or before the first day of February in each year, the said Board shall submit
to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas an estimate of the financial
requirements for the ensuing year, and also an itemized estimate of equipment required
to conduct said recreational activities for the ensuing year.

Section 6. This ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as an emergency
ordinance and it shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 7. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordin-
ance published in' the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas for two weeks, that is to say, it shall be published in said
paper once a week for two consecutive weeks.

The foregoing ordinance was read aloud for the first time and voted upon at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners on the 1st day of June, 1937,

Vote for Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett
and was read aloud for the second time and passed by the unanimous consent of the Board as
an emergency ordinance on the 1st day of June, 1937, voting for Commissioners Down,

Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent none.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
(City seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA	)

COUNTY OF CLARK	)ss

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from June 2nd
1937 to June 9th 1937 inclusive, inclusive , being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: June 2nd-9th

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above-named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st day of
June 1937.

A.E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires Jan 12 1939
(Notarial seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 227

AN ORDINANCE VACATING THE OLD ROAD OR HIGHWAY FROM NORTHWEST CORNER OF BOULDER
ADDITION TO THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, SOUTHERNLY THROUGH BLOCKS ONE (1), TWO (2), THREE

(3), FOUR (4), FIVE (5) AND SIX (6) OF SAID BOULDER ADDITION, AND EXTENDING SOUTHERLY
ACROSS THE-SOUTHWEST QUARTER OF SECTION (3), TOWNSHIP TWENTY ONE (21) SOUTH, RANGE SIXTY
ONE (61) EAST, M.D.B. & M. TO SOUTH FIFTH STREET, EXTENDED.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as follows!

Section 1. WHEREAS for several years prior to the filing of the plat of Boulder Add-
ition to the City of Las Vegas, on September 28th, 1926,the general public had used as
part of the traveled highway from the City of Las Vegas to the City of Los Angeles, a
road from Standard Corner of Sections Three (3) and Four (4), Township Twenty One (21)
South, Range Sixty-One (61) East, M.D.B. & M. southerly through what is now Blocks 1,2,
3,4,5, and 6 of said Boulder Addition to the City of Las Vegas and southerly across the
Southwest Quarter (S.W.¼) of said section three (3), on the same course to a point
where the present main highway from Las Vegas to. Los Angeles, or South Fifth Street,
extended is located, and whereas upon the filing of the said plat of said Boulder Add-
ition and the dedication to public use of the streets and alleys thereon shown, no mention
or reservation of said old traveled road was made by the owners of the land comprising
said plat, and

WHEREAS, South First Street an said Boulder Addition is now a public street, main-
tained by the said City of Las Vegas and is nearly parallel to said old road and there is
no longer any occasion for the use of said old road by the general public or any of the
owners of land or lots in said Boulder Addition, and

WHEREAS, without acknowledging or admitting that a prescriptive right to the use of
said old road has been acquired by the general public, the said City of Las Vegas is
desirous of relieving itself of the necessity of maintaining said old road and believes
that no useful purpose can be served by so doing, and that said old road, if now a
a public road or street, should be vacated, now therefore,

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN that that certain old
road or street which was formerly part of the old highway from the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, to the City of Los Angeles, State California, to the full and entire
width thereof, and within the bounds hereinafter described, be and the same is hereby
vacted; and the old road or street thus vacated is described as follows:

BEGINNING at the Northwest corner of Boulder Addition to the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as shown by the plat thereof on file and of record in
the office of the County Recorder of said Clark County, Nevada, in Book 1, of
Plats, page 52, which said corner is also the standard corner of Sections Three
(3) and Four (4), Township Twenty One (21) South, Range Sixty One (61) East, M.D.

B. & M., and extending southerly through Blocks numbered One (l), Two (2), Three
(3), Four (4), Five (5) and Six (6) of said Boulder Addition as shown on the said
plat, and extending southerly across the Southwest Quarter (S.W.¼) of said Section
Three (3) on the same course to the point where it intersects the present Los
Angeles Highway or south Fifth Street in said City of Las Vegas, extending, ex-
cepting , all streets and alleys as shown upon said plat of said Boulder Addition.

Vote on the passage of the ordinance was Commissioners Krause, Marble, and Ronnow,
and His Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett, voting aye. Noes, none. Absent Commissioner Perry.

Approved

L.L. Arnett,

Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns,

City Clerk

First reading, July 6th, 1937
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss.

County of Clark)

C.	P. Squires being duly sworn, deposes and says:

That he is Publisher of LAS VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper of general circulation,
printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
that the attached Ordinance No. 227 of the City of Las Vegas, was published in
said newspaper for a period of two weeks from July 9, 1937 to July 16, 1937
inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

July 9 and 16, 1937

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named. That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $37.80.

Signed:

C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th day of July 1937

C. D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for
Clark County Nevada

My Commission Expires June 7, 1939	(Seal)
This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners for the first time at a
regular meeting of the Board held on the 6th day of July, 1937, at which time it was pro-
posed, considered and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, for a
period of once a week for two consecutive weeks, immediately following its first reading.

It was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally
passed at a recess_____________ meeting of the Board held on the 1st day of August, 1937

Voting aye Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry, Ronnow and His Honor the
Mayor L. L. Arnett.

Noes None

Absent None	Approved:

L. L. Arnett __________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Attest:

Viola Burns_________

City Clerk

(City seal)

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
ORDINANCE No. 228

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 2, SECTION 7, SECTION 8 AS AMENDED, SECTION 9, SECTION
16 AS AMENDED, SECTION 17, SECTION 18, SECTION 21 AND SECTION 23 OF ORDINANCE No. 203 OF
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE DISTRIBUTION AND CONTROL OF
INTOXICATING AND ALCOHOLIC LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES; REGULATING PLACES WHERE AND UNDER WHAT
CONDITIONS SAID INTOXICATING AND ALCOHOLIC LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES MAY BE KEPT, SOLD, GIVEN
AWAY OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED; PROVIDING FOR PERMITS AND LICENSES; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR
THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN
CONFLICT THEREWITH", AND REPEALING SECTION 22 OF SAID ORDINANCE No. 203.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 2 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended
to read as follows:

DEFINITIONS: For the interpretation of this Ordinance unless context indicates a

different meaning:

1.	The word "alcohol" means a product of distillation of any fermented liquor,
rectified either once or oftener, whatever may be the origin thereof, and
includes synthetic ethyl alcohol.

2.	The word "spirits" means any liquor which contains alcohol obtained by
distillation, mixed with drinkable water and other substances in solution,
including brandy, rum, whiskey and gin.

3.	The word "Wine" means any alcoholic liquor obtained by the fermentation of
natural sugar contents of fruits or other agricultural products containing
sugar, including fortified wines such as port, sherry and champagne.

4.	The word "beer" means any liquor obtained by the alcoholic fermentation of an
infusion or decoction of malt barley and hops in drinking water.

5.	The word "beverage" means any beer or wine containing not more than 30 per
centum of alcohol by weight.

6.	The words "alcoholic liquor" include the four varieties of liquor defined,
(alcohol, spirits, wine and beer), and wine or beer, spirits and every
liquid or solid, patented or not, containing alcohol and capable of being
consumed by human beings.

7.	The word "Hotel" means every building or other structure kept, used, maintained
advertised, or held out to the public to be a place where food is served and
sleeping accomodations are offered for pay to transient guests, in which thirty
or more rooms are used for the sleeping accomodations of such transient guests
and having one or more dining rooms where meals are served to such transient
guests, such sleeping accomodations and dining rooms being conducted in the
same building or buildings in connection therewith.

8.	The word "Restaurant" means space in a suitable building kept, used, maintained,

advertised or held out to the public to be a place where meals are served with-
out sleeping accomodations, and where twenty-five persons or more may be
served with meals at any one time at tables.

9.	The word "club" means an association of persons, whether incorporated or un-
incorporated, for the promotion of some common object (but not including
associations organized for any commercial or business purpose the object of
which is money profit) owning, hiring, or leasing a building or space in a
building of such extent and character as may be suitable and adequate for the
reasonable and comfortable use and accomodation of its members and their
guests.
10.	The word "tavern" means a place where alcoholic liquors are sold
at retail to the general public, and a place where ho other kind of
business or businesses is or are being maintained or conducted, except
that in such taverns, cigars, Cigarettes, tobaccos, nuts, jerkey, pop-
corn and pretzels may be sold or given away. Otherwise, however, no
lunches, fOod-stuffs, or so-called "free lunches" are to be either sold
or given away in such taverns.

11.	The word "cabaret" means a place for the entertainment of guests,
and where meals and beverages or alcoholic liquors are served or sold
at retail, at tables only, and not at or over a bar.

12.	The word "drugstore" means a place where medicines are sold and
prescriptions compounded.

13.	The "Wholesale liquor establishment" is defined to be a place where
alcoholic, spirituous, Vinuous, malt, or mixed alcoholic and intoxicating
liquors and beverages are kept, sold, given away or distributed, contained
in sealed or corked packages or kegs, and not to be consumed on the premises
where so kept, sold, given away or distributed, and to be sold, given away
or distributed to retailers only, and only in the original packages or kegs.

And every wholesale liquor establishment shall keep a record of the retail
City license number of each and every person, firm or corporation to whom

any sale or gift of liquor is made and shall keep an invoice of each and every
such sale or gift, and shall insert on such invoice, such retail license
number, and such invoices shall at all times, during business hours, be open
to inspection by the City of Las Vegas.

14.	A "retail liquor establishment" is defines to be a place where alcoholic
liquors and beverages are sold, served, or otherwise distributed in quantities
not exceeding four and nine-tenths (4.9) gallons to the same person or for
the same person's use at any one time; provided that drug stores and retail
liquor stores shall not sell or distribute at any one time to any one person
spirituous liquors in quantities less than one pint or sixteen fluid ounces,
nor shall any single package containing less than such amount be sold, offered
for sale, displayed or carried in stock

Section 2.

Section 7 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
amended to read as follows:

Restaurants for the sale of beverages containing not more than 30 per centum of
alcohol by weight, shall be maintained only within the zone designated in Section 4
hereof.

Section 3. Section 8 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas ( as amended ) is
hereby amended to read as follows:

Cabarets and Clubs for the sale of beverages or alcoholic liquors shall be main-
tained only in such place or places as may, in the discretion of the Board of Commissioners
be specifically designated at the time application for a license therefor is made.

Section 4. Section 9 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended
to read as follows:

Whenever any person, firm, corporation, co-partnership, association, social club,
dr associations of persons of any kind whatsoever desires to open, keep, carry on or
conduct any liquor establishment in the City of Las Vegas, or engage in the business
thereof, such persons shall make application in writing to the Board of Commissioners
of said City to obtain a license therefor; and said application shall contain and set
forth the following;

(a)	The name and residence of the applicant or applicants and how long a
resident of the City of Las Vegas.

(b)	The kind of a license desired, and the particular place for which such
license is desired, and the name of the owner of the premises where such business is to
be operated.

(c)	The person or persons interested in the business asked to be licensed;

(d)	A statement that if such permit is granted and a license issued, same
will be accepted by the applicant subject to the terms and provisions of this ordinance,
and such other rules and regulations as may at any time hereafter be adopted or enacted
by resolution of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

(e)	The first quarterly license tax shall accompany the application, to be
returned to applicant if permit is denied.

(f)	Said application must be verified by the applicant or applicants thereof.

Section ,5. Section 16 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas ( as amended ) is
hereby amended to read as follows:

The rates for the licenses provided for in this Ordinance shall be, and the same are
fixed and established, and the same shall be paid in advance by all persons receiving
such licenses respectively as follows:

(1)	For a wholesale liquor license, the sum of $75.00 per quarter;

(2)	For a wholesale beverage license, the sum of $25.00 per quarter;

(3)	For a Tavern liquor license, the sum of $250.00 per quarter;

(4) For a Club liquor license, the sum of $50.00 per quarter;

(5) For a Restaurant beverage license, the sum of $180.00 per quarter;

(6)	For a Cabaret license, selling beverages only, the sum of $125.00 per
quarter;

(7)	For a Cabaret Liquor license, the sum of $300.00 per quarter;

(8)	For a Retail Liquor Establishment to be maintained only in the zone designated
in Section 4, or a drug store, for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in
original containers as received from the distiller or wholesaler, not to be
consumed on the premises, selling spirituous liquors in quantities not
exceeding one quart or thirty-two (32) fluid ounces, wines in quantities of
not more than one gallon, or beer in quantities of not more than one case

or twenty-four pints, the sum of $75.00 per quarter;

(9)	For a Retail Liquor Establishment to be maintained only in the zone designated
in Section 4 or a drug store, for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in
original containers as received from the distiller or wholesaler, not to be
consumed on the premises, in quantities not exceeding four and nine-tenths
(4.9) gallons to the same person or for the same persons use at any one time,
the sum of $125.00 per quarter;

(10)	For a Retail Beverage license for the sale of beverages containing not more
than five and one-half (5½%) of alcohol by weight, the sum of $25.00 per
quarter;

(11)	For a Retail Beverage license for the sale of beverages containing not more
than thirty per cent (30%) of alcohol by weight to be sold or distributed in
the original containers as received from the distiller or wholesaler, not

to be consumed on the premises, the sum of $45.00 per quarter.

Section 6. Section 17 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
amended to read as follows:

No license for the conduct of a tavern shall be granted to any drug store,
merchandise store, or any place in which any other kind of business is maintained
or connected; and such said taverns shall be located within the zone defined in
Section 4 hereof; provided, however, that Hotels, as defined herein, may be allowed a
tavern license outside said zone if approved by the Board of Commissioners, and provided
further that any such tavern maintained by a Hotel shall be separate and distinct and
apart from any other business or businesses.

Section 7. Section 18 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
amended to read as follows;

It shall be unlawful:

1. For the holder of any permit or license to sell, serve, give away or dispose
of any liquor to any minor or minors;

2. For the holder of any permit or license to sell, serve, or give away food in
any tavern, or to conduct any other kind of business therein, except as provided
in Section 2, Subdivision 10 of this ordinance; or to allow any closed booths in
said place, more than four feet high.

3. For any gambling or gambling games of any kind, save and except duly
licensed slot machines, to be conducted, carried on, suffered, or allowed in or
about the premises occupied by any tavern; and no tavern shall be connected with
or have openings into any place where gambling or gaming in any form, save and
except duly licensed slot machines, is allowed, carried on or conducted.

For the licensee or any of his servants or employees to be in an intoxicated
condition while in or about the premises or business occupied by a tavern.

5. For any licensee or his servants or employees to sell, serve, or give away
any intoxicating liquor to any intoxicated person.

6. For a permittee or licensee to sell, serve, give away or distribute any of
the liquors or beverages in this ordinance mentioned within four hundred (400) feet
of any schoolhouse or place wherein school is conducted.

Section 8. Section 21 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended

to read as follows:

No permit granted or license issued under this ordinance can be assigned,
except with the approval of the Board of Commissioners.

Section 9. Section 22 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby repealed.
Section 10. Section 23 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended
to read as follows:

Whenever any person shall complain to the Board of City Commissioners that his or
her father, mother, husband, wife, child, brother, sister, or ward is addicted to the
excessive use of alcoholic liquor, or is an habitual or common drunkard, or who fails
to provide for his family the common necessaries of life, and shall request said
Board of City Commissioners, in writing, to notify liquor permittees or licensees in
said City not to sell, serve or give away any liquors to such father, mother, husband,
wife, child, brother, sister or ward, such Board of City Commissioners, on being
satisfied that the complaint is true, shall forthwith notify in writing every permittee
and licensee in said City that such request has been made; and thereafter it shall be
unlawful for such permittee or licensee to sell, serve, or give away any intoxicating
liquor to such father, mother, husband, wife, child, brother, sister or ward, provided
that upon the written request of the party making the complaint, this ban may be raised
and the permittees and licensees shall thereupon be advised of the action of the Board
of Commissioners. The Board of Commissioners, upon investigation into the facts, may
upon their own motion, raise such ban, when in their judgment the facts warrant such
action.

Station 11. Whereas an emergency exists, this ordinance shall take effect immediately
after its publication and passage.

Section 12. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say once each week for a period of two
weeks.

 L. L. ARNETT___________

Mayor

Attest:	Viola Burns

City Clerk
The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full,
and adopted this 22nd day of November, A.D. 1937, by the following vote:
Commissioners Krause, Marble, Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor L. L.

Arnett voting aye.

Voting No, None

Absent: Commissioner Perry

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION



STATE OF NEVADA )ss.

County of Clark (

C. P. Squires being duly sworn, deposes and says:

That he is Publisher of LAS VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper of general
circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada and that the attached Ordinance of the City of
Las Vegas, being Emergency Ordinance No. 228, was published in said
newspaper for a period of two weeks from November 26, 1937 to December
3, 1937 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: November 26 and December 3, 1937

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named. That the legal charge for publishing said legal
notice was $

Signed C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of January 1938

Estelle M. Cox
Notary Public in and for
(Notary Seal) Clark County Nevada

My Commission Expires December 29, 1940

ORDINANCE No. 229

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 2 AND SECTION 3 AS AMENDED, OF ORDINANCE
No. 168 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE OF THE COMMISSION
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ESTABLISHING A RESIDENCE DISTRICT, INDUSTRIAL AND
COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS WITHIN THE SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS: DEFINING SUCH DISTRICT:
DECLARING IT UNLAWFUL TO ERECT, ESTABLISH, MAINTAIN, OR OPERATE CERTAIN
FACTORIES, WORKS, OR ESTABLISHMENTS WITHIN SAID RESIDENCE DISTRICTS AND SAID
COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS; REGULATING THE ERECTION, ESTABLISHMENT, MAINTENANCE,

OPERATION AND REBUILDING OF CERTAIN WORKS OR ESTABLISHMENTS IN SAID DISTRICTS;
PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF SAID ORDINANCE, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES
IN CONFLICT HEREWITH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as
follows:

Section 1. Section 2 of Ordinance No. 168 of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby amended to read as follows:

That the commercial districts are hereby created and established within
the said City as described as follows;

All frontage on Fremont Street to the east City Limits to a depth not ex-
ceeding 150 feet:	all frontage on Fifth Street from the south City

Limits to the north City Limits to a depth not exceeding 150 feet; all lots
fronting on First Street from Bridger Street to Stewart Street; all lots
fronting oh Second Street from Stewart Street to Clark Street; all lots
fronting on Third Street from Stewart Street to Bridger Street; all lots
fronting on Fourth Street from Stewart Street to Bridger Street; all lots
fronting on Main Street from Carson Street to Clark Avenue, extended; all
lots fronting on Clark Avenue and Wilson Avenue in the Original Townsite.

Section 2. Section 3 of Ordinance No. 168 of the City of Las Vegas ( as
amended ) is hereby amended to read as follows:

That the industrial districts are hereby created and established
within the said City as described as follows;

All that portion of the City of Las Vegas west of the following
described line, namely; commencing at a point on South Fifth Street where
the said Street is intersected by the center line of the alley between
South First Street and South Second Street, extended, thence in a northerly
direction along said line until it intersects Charleston Boulevard; thence
in a northeasterly direction along the center line of the alley between
First Street and Second Street to the center line of Garces Street; thence
westerly along the center line of Garces Street to a point where it inter-
sects the center line of the alley between Main Street and First Street;
thence in a northeasterly direction along the center line of the alley
between Main Street and First Street, until it intersects the center line
of Carson Street; thence westerly along the center line of Carson Street
until it intersects the center line of Main Street; thence in a northeasterly
direction along the center line of Main Street until it intersects the cen-
ter line of Clark Avenue, extended; thence in a westerly direction to the
south east corner of the Original Townsite; thence in a northerly direction
along the center line of First Street West, extended, and along the center
line of First Street West to the North City Limits, ( except the Original
Townsite; H.F.M. & M. Addition; Valley View Addition; Woodland Park: the
North Half (N½) of the South Half (S.½) of Section Twenty Eight (28), the
North Half (N.½) of the Southeast Quarter (S.E.¼) of Section Twenty Nine
(29). the East Half (E.½) of Southeast Quarter (SE¼) of Southeast Quarter
(SE¼) of Section Thirty-two (32), the South Half (S.½) of Southwest Quarter
(SW¼) of Section Thirty-three (33), in Township Twenty (20) South, Range
Sixty-one (61) East, M.D.B. & M.; and the North Half (N.½) of the North
Half (N½) of the Northwest Quarter (NW¼) of Section Four (4), in Township
Twenty-one (21) South, Range Sixty-one (61) East, M.D.B. & M. All land
within the following described line shall also be within the industrial
district, namely: Commencing at a point in the North City Limits where the
same is intersected by the center line of First Street West, thence eastern
ly along said North City Limits to its intersection with the center line of
North Fifth Street; thence southerly along the center line of North Fifth
Street to the point where North Fifth Street is intersected by the center
line of Clark Avenue, extended; thence westerly along said center line of
Clark Avenue, extended, to the southeast corner of the Original Townsite;
thence in a northerly direction along the center line of First Street West,
extended, and along the center line of First Street West to the North City
Limits, the point of beginning.

Section 3. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks,
that is to say, once each week for a period of two weeks.

L. L. Arnett
Mayor

City Clerk

( City Seal )

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full,

and adopted this 30th day of December, A.D. 1937, by the following vote:

Commissioners Krause, Marble, Ronnow and His Honor, the Mayor, voting aye;

Voting No, None

Absent, Commissioner Perry

Viola Burns,

City Clerk
This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners for the
first time at a recessed regular meeting held on the 30th day of December,

1937, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted upon, and
unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas	a weekly

newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for
two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And, it was
thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and
finally passed at a recessed regular meeting of the Board held on the 24th day
of January 1938,

Voting aye: Commissioners, Krause, Ronnow, Perry, Marble and His Honor the
Mayor L. L. Arnett
Voting No None
Absent None

Approved:	L. L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Attest:	Viola Burns

City Clerk

( City Seal )

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )ss.

County of Clark)

C. P. SQUIRES being duly sworn, deposes and says:

That he is Publisher of LAS VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper of general
circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 229 of the City of
Las Vegas was published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from
January 7, 1938 to January 14, 1938 inclusive being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: January 7 and 14, 1938.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated
on each of the dates above named. That the legal charge for publishing
said legal notice was $

Signed: C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th day of January 1938

C. D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada

My Commission Expires June 7, 1939

(Notary Seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 230)

AN ORDINANCE CREATING AN ELECTRIC LIGHT AND POWER BOARD FOR THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA, PROVIDING FOR THE APPOINTMENT OF ITS MEMBERS, DEFINING ITS DUTIES AND OTHER
MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

PREAMBLE

WHEREAS, at a regular City Election held in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada, on the 7th day of May, 1935, the voters of said City did authorize and direct the
Board of Commissioners of said City to create or acquire and maintain a municipally owned

electric light and power plant and system for the sale and distribution of electrical
power and energy to the inhabitants of said City, and

WHEREAS, the said Board of Commissioners did thereafter and on the 4th day of October
1935, pass, make and adopt a proclamation proposing to acquire or construct a municipally
owned electric power plant and distributing system, estimating the value of the existing
plant of the Southern Nevada Power Company and the cost of a new plant, and proposing to
issue bonds of the City of Las Vegas to the amount of Two hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars
($250,000.00) for purpose of acquiring or constructing a municipally owned electric plant
and distribution system, and

WHEREAS the said proclamation was thereafter duly published for three successive weeks
in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, printed and published in said City of Las Vegas,
and



WHEREAS, thereafter and on the 4th day of December, 1935, the said Board of Commission-
ers of said City of Las Vegas did pass, after the original adoption and publication thereof,
Ordinance Number 215 of said City of Las Vegas, entitled:

AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, TO
BORROW THE SUM OF TWO HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
($250,000) WITH WHICH TO ESTABLISH CREATE OR ACQUIRE
BY PURCHASE, OR CONSTRUCTION A MUNICIPALLY OWNED
ELECTRICAL POWER PLANT. AND DISTRIBUTING SYSTEM AND
INCIDENTAL FACILITIES AND TO ISSUE AND SELL GENERAL
OBLIGATION BONDS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO SECURE
THE SAME, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO, AND

WHEREAS thereafter at a regular City Election held in said City of Las Vegas, on the
4th day of May, 1937, the voters of said City did vote to issue bonds of said City in the
sum of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00) for said purpose, and

WHEREAS, the United States Government, through its Public Works Administration has
offered to make a grant to said City in the sum of One Hundred Twelve Thousand Nine Hundred
Nine Dollars ($112,909.00) upon and for said project, and

WHEREAS the said Board of Commissioners of said City is desirous of proceeding with
said project and is desirous of having the assistance of the advice and cooperation of some
of the leading citizens of said City in connection therewith,



NOW, THEREFORE, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

SECTION 1. A board is hereby created to be known as the Las Vegas Electric Light and
Power Board, hereinafter designated as "the Board;"	said	Board shall consist of five (5)

members, to be	chosen and selected by the Board of	City	Commissioners of said City after	the

final passage of this ordinance.

SECTION 2. No person shall ever be selected or appointed to said Board who is not a
citizen and redident of said City and a freeholder and taxpayer thereof.

SECTION 3. One member of said Board shall be appointed for the term of one year,
expiring April	1st, 1939; one member for the term of two	years, expiring April 1st, 1940;	one

member for the	term of three years, expiring April	1st,	1941; one member for the term of	four

years, expiring April 1st, 1942 and one member for the term of five years, expiring April 1st
1943. As such terms expire, a new member shall be appointed to said Board each year, for the
term of five years, or such retiring member shall be reappointed. Should a vacancy take place
upon said Board by the death, resignation or removal of a member, such vacancy shall be filled
by said Board of Commissioners of said City appointing a new member for such unexpired term.

SECTION 4. When the full five members have been appointed to said Board, they shall
meet and organize by selecting from their members a chairman and a secretary and such other
officers as in the judgment of said Board may be necessary. Said Board shall have the power
to adopt, from time to time, such rules, regulations or by-laws, not inconsistent with this
ordinance and the City Charter, as may be necessary or convenient for the conduct of its
business. All members of the Board shall serve as such without compensation.

SECTION 5. Said Board shall act in an advisory capacity to the Board of Commissioners
of said City in all things pertaining to the acquisition or construction of a municipally

owned electric light and power system for said City, and the operation thereof when acquired

or constructed.	



SECTION 6. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada for a period of two weeks, that is to say once each week for a period of two weeks.

L.L. Arnett

Attest:

Viola Burns, City Clerk
The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada this 8th day of February, A.D. 1938, by the following vote:

COMMISSIONERS Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor, voting aye.
Voting NO, None.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners for a first time at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the
8th day of February, 1938, at which time it was proposed, considered, and voted upon,

and unamiously adopted and thereafter published in the LaS Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks
immediately following its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board
for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at a regular meeting of the Board
held oh the 4th day of March, 1938.

Voting aye: Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Perry, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem
H.P. Marble.

Noes, none.

Absent Mayor Arnett

Approved:

H.P. Marble,

Mayor Pro Tem

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK

C.P. Squires being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Publisher of Las Vegas Age,
a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance of the City of Las
Vegas, No. 230 was published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks, from February
11, 1938 to February 18, 1938 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: February 11 and 18,	1938.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $57.90

Signed C.P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th day of Feby 1938

C.D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County
Nevada.

My Commission expires June 7 1939.

(Notarial seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 231_____

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 1 OF ORDINANCE NO. 162 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED
"AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE USE OF DEVICES OR APPARATUS WHICH INTERFERES WITH RADIO
BROADCAST RECEPTION.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. Section 1 of Ordinance No. 162 is amended to read as follows: It shall be un-
lawful for any person, firm or corporation to operate in the City of Las Vegas any ap-
paratues generating or causing high frequency oscillations which interferes with radio
broadcast receiving apparatus or wireless receiving apparatus except that a person duly
licensed to practice medicine, osteopath, chiropractic or dentistry by the State of Nevada,
in a case of absolute emergency arising in the course of practice of his profession may
operate or cause to be operated under his direction and supervision any machine necessary
to give emergency treatment in such case.

SECTION 2. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its final passage
and publication in Las Vegas Review a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas
for two issues, that is to say once a week for two consecutive weeks.

Passed and adopted this 7th day of March, 1938 by the following vote: Commissioners
Krause, Ronnow and Perry and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Voting No none.

Absent Mayor Arnett.

Approved:

H.P. Marble
Mayor Pro Tem.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
(City Seal).

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for a first time at a recessed regular meeting
of the Board on the 7th day of March, 1938, at which time it was proposed, considered and
voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening
Review Journal, a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of
once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading, And it was
thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally
passed at a recessed regular meeting of the Board held on the 8th day of April, 1938.
Voting ayes: Commissioner Ronnow, Krause and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem H.P. Marble.

Absent Commissioner Perry and Mayor Arnett.

Approved:

H.P. Marble,

Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns, City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATS OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was contin-
uously published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks, from March 8th, 1938 to
March 15th, 1938 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit: March 8th-15th.

That said Newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed

Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th day of March, 1938.

May Commission Expires Jan 12 1939	A.E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada.

ORDINANCE NO.232

An ordinance to amend Section IV of Ordinance No. 137 of the City of Las Vegas entitled:

"An ordinance creating the office of City Electrical Inspector, and prescribing his duties,
creating and establishing the bureau of electrical inspection and defining the duties and
powers of said bureau, providing for the issuance of permits for installing electrical
construction, and fixing the fees therefore; regulating the installation of electrical
construction, maintenance and repairs of electrical wiring, apparatus or equipment for
light, heat, power, within, upon or attached to buildings, structures, lots or premises
within the City of Las Vegas; and providing a penalty for the violation of this ordinance."
As amended.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section IV of Ordinance No. 137 of the City of Las Vegas, as amended; is hereby
amended to read as follows:

Section IV (a) A permit shall be required to fo any electrical construction of any character
install any electrical wiring, apparatus or equipment of fixtures or make any extensions
or changes to existing wiring, systems for light heat, or power, within upon, or attached
to any building, structure, lot or premises except the repairing or replacing of switches
or sockets in any existing system of wiring or the repairing or replacing of switches or
sockets, or installing extensions of less than ten feet to any existing wiring system in
a dwelling. A permit mast be secured before commencing the installation of electrical
construction and the failure to do so shall be deemed prima facie evidence of violation
of the provisions of this ordinance.

(b)	Fees according to the following schedule, shall be charged and paid to the City Clerk,
before any permit shall be issued, namely:

(1)	Where the number of outlets (at which current is to be used and/or controlled)
is five or less	$1.00

 Between 6 and 10 inclusive	1.50

"	11	"	20	"	2.00

"	21	"	30	"	2.50

"	31	"	50	"	3.00

for each outlet in excess of fifty (50) at the rate of five (0.05) cents each.

In addition to the foregoing:

(2)	Where lighting fixtures are installed and the number of lighting fixtures is
Five or less	$1.00

Between 6 and 10 inclusive	1.50

"	11 " 20	"	2.00

"	21"	30	"	2.50

"	31 " 50	"	3.00

For each lighting fixtures in excess of fifty (50) at the rate of (0.05) cents each.

(3)	For each inspection made necessary by reason of defective workmanship or
materials $1.00

(4)	or the inspection of an electrical construction, equipment, or installation
for which no fee is herein prescribed, there shall be charged a fee per hour or fraction
thereof of $1.00

(5)	For each motor not exceeding five (5) horsepower $1.00

(6)	For each motor more than (5) horsepower and not exceeding ten (10) horse

power $2.00

(7)	For each motor exceeding ten (10) horsepower $4.00.

	(8) Neon or gas tube type signs, $2.00 per each transformer. Incandesent lamp

signs, $2.00 per sign and $1.00 per each additional circuit. Not more than ten lamp outlets
or more than 1000 watts on each circuit.

(9( Ceiling fans (each) $.25
The electrical inspector may give temporary permission to furnish electric current to, or for
use of electric current, through wires or other equipment for a length of time not to exceed
thirty (30) days, if it appears to the electrical inspector that such wire, etc. may be
safely used, and that there exists an urgent necessity for such use and special permission.
In this case a special tag or marker shall be attached in a suitable place on the work, and
shall show the date, location and special approval, date of expiration of such permission
and signature of inspector.

Temporary permits for the use of lights and/or motors in buildings in the course of con-
struction or undergoing repairs shall be issued to cover s period of thirty (30) days upon
payment of One ($1.00) Dollar.

Temporary permits shall be issued to cover a period of thirty (30) days for the use of current
for outdoor attractions, such as circuses, carnivals, shows, fairs, boxing and wrestling
matches, etc. as follows:

Where the person or firm or organization conducting such attraction has held and maintained
their residence for (60) sixty days or more in the City of Las Vegas, the payment shall be
$1.00

Where the person or firm or organization conducting any such attraction has not held or
maintained their residence for sixty (60) days or more in the City of Las Vegas, the payment
shall be $5.00.

Section 11. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say once each week for a period
of two weeks.

H.P. Marble

Mayor Pro Tem

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
(City Seal)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted at a re-
gular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada, this 7th day of March A.D. 1938, by the following vote:

Commissioners Krause, Ronnow, and Perry and the Mayor Pro Tem H.P Marble, voting aye.

Voting No, None.

Absent Mayor Arnett.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of a first time at a recessed regular meeting
of the Board held on the 7th day of March, 1938, at which time it was proposed, considered
and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas evening
Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once
a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And, it was
thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed
at a recessed regular meeting of the Board held on the 8th day of April, 1938.

Voting aye. Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem H.P. Marble.

Noes, none.

Absent Commissioner Perry and Mayor Arnett.

H.P. Marble Mayor Pro Tem
of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA	)ss

COUNTY OF CLARK	)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the county of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from March 8th to March 15th 1938
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

March 8th and 15th. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named.	Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th day of March, 1938.

A.E. Cahlan

	Notary Public in and for Clark County

My Commission expires Jan 12 1939.	Nevada.

Notarial seal
ORDINANCE NO. 233

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE ERECTION AND MAINTENANCE OF BILLBOARDS, ELECTRIC
SIGNS AND ALL OTHER KINDS OF OUTDOOR SIGNS, PROVIDING BOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS
THEREFOR AND INSPECTION THEREOF, FIXING THE FEES FOR ALL SUCH PERMITS AND INSPECTIONS
AND PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

BILLBOARDS AND OUTDOOR SIGNS

Sec. 1. Any billboard, placard notice or other form of outdoor advertisement erected,
placed, planted, posted or maintained otherwise than is provided in this ordinance
shall be deemed a public nuisance and shall be removed, effaced or destroyed by the
Police Department and other peace officers having authority wherever said nuisance may be
located.

Sec. 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to paste, print or in
any manner whatsoever place or attach to any building, fence, gate, bridge, rock, tree,
board structure or anything whatsoever within the limits of any street or alley; nor on
private property within the setback distance herein set forth, any written, printed, painted
or other outdoor advertisement, bill, notice, sign, picture, card or poster, without first
obtaining permit therefor from the building Inspector of the City of Las Vegas. Nothing
herein shall be construed as to prevent the posting or maintaining of any notices required
by law to be posted or maintained, the placing or maintaining of street or highway signs
or signs used to advertise business conducted on the property where sign is erected, pro-
vided the structural details are approved by the Building Inspector.

Sec. 3. Permits for the erection and maintenance of signs of the nature as set forth in
this ordinance shall be secured by application to the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
on forms provided which shall show thereon:

Name of owner of lot or premises and his written consent, location on said lot with re-
spect to property lines and nearby signs, name of person or firm who proposes to erect
and maintain sign, and statement to the effect that said permit is revokable should the
sign be abandoned or allowed to become unsafe or dangerous, or otherwise condemned, and
that owner will at all times maintain sign in safe condition and will remove same if
abandoned. Fees for permits shall be $2.00 for each separate structure, and	shall

be issued for the balance of the current year, and shall be renewable upon the payment
of an inspection fee of $1.00 for each year thereafter. For signs already erected, a
number shall be assigned upon payment of the $1.00 inspection fee if in proper location,
and if not, shall be considered as a new sign to be rebuilt in accordance with this
ordinance.

Sec. 4. Signs shall be classified according to their relations to street or alley as
parallel or angle. Parallel signs are those who face is parallel to the direction of
travel and if not supported by being attached to building or not used to advertise a
business being conducted on the same lot, must be at least ten (10) feet from the property
line adjacent to said street or alley. Angle signs, except double face or V-type signs
shall be treated the same as parallel signs, so far as a minimum distance is concerned:
V-type signs shall be considered double angle signs facing two directions connected or
joined structurally, and must be at least ten (10) feet from the property line adjacent
to street or alley, for regular billboard signs, and at an increased distance in propor-
tion to added height. For signs up to twelve (12) feet length 4 X 4 supports supports
spaced not more than five (5) feet must be used; for signs longer than twelve (12)
feet 4 X 6 supports spaced not more than eight (8) feet must be used; provided, metal
supports of size approved by Building Inspector may be used, and additional bracing on
all signs must be approved. All signs must be close to the ground, if on vacant or
unused property and more than six (6) square feet in area, and V-type signs shall be
closed both front and rear. Single-face signs and the back of all signs visible from street
or alley must be painted in a sightly manner. All signs must have metal face of at least
28 g. thickness, and must have proper	moulding	and framing around	sign in proportion	to

size of	sign. Ground space within ten	feet in	all direction from	the base of sign

structure must be kept free and clear of all weeds, rubbish and other inflammable waste
or material.

Sec. 5. The money collected for permits to erect and maintain signs as herein provided
shall be apportioned to the General Fund of the City.

Sec. 6.	All signs which do not comply	with the	provisions of this	ordinance shall be

made to	comply within sixty (60) days	from the	passage of this ordinance and if located

on public property, may be forthwith removed at owners' expense.

ELECTRIC AND BUILDING SIGNS

Sec. 7. (a) All signs extending out from the face of a building shall be installed in
the following manner and according to the Safety Orders and Ordinances of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. All signs shall be supported by appropriate
construction not on City property.

(b) All signs on the exterior of any building, whether electric or otherwise shall be
installed so as to be held rigidly in position, vertically and horizontally.

Sec. 8 GUYS AND SUPPORTING CABLES. Signs weighing 250 pounds or less shall be supported
by one or more galvanized steel cables not less than 1/4" in diameter. Signs weighing
more than 250 pounds shall be supported by two or more galvanized steel cables not less
than 3/8 inch in diameter each.

Sec. 9. SIDE GUYS. All signs shall be guyed by one or more right and by one or more
left side guys or galvanized steel cables not less than 1/4 inch in diameter.

The guys shall be figured for a wind pressure of not less than 20 pounds per square foot,
and shall make an angle of not less than 30° with the sign.
Sec. 10. STIFF BRACES. When conditions are such that side guys cannot be attached to both
sides of a sign, "stiff brace" constructed of not less than 3/4" steel pipe or rod must
be substituted for one of the side guys.

Sec 11. (a) Method of attaching supporting cables and side guys. The supporting cables
shall be securely fastened to the sign and to all metal brackets, plate-eyes, or turn
buckles. For signs of 250 pounds or less, the supporting cables shall be securely fastened
to the building by metal brackets or plate-eyes, attached by not less than three ½" X 3½" lag

screws for each cable or guy, and hot less than 3" hole centers. Not less than two 1/2 "

X 3½* screws shall be used for attaching each side guy to the building and not less than
3" hole centers.

For signs weighing more than 250 pounds, the brackets for supporting cables, shall be
securely attached by not less than four ½" X 3½" lag screws. Wood plugs shall not be used in
lieu of approved expansion shields or similar approved devices.

When to or more supporting or guy cables are used, each shall be securely fastened to the
sign and to the building by independent plates.

Turn-buckles shall be inserted in each supporting cable and guy cable. Turn-buckels attached
to supporting cables shall be not less then 1/8" larger in diameter than the diameter of
the cable to which they are attached.

Turn-buckles attached to side guys may be of the same diameter as the cable to which they
are attached.

Turn-buckles attached to side guys may be of the same diameter as the diameter of he
cable to which they are attached.

Turn-buckles and cablehooks must be closed eye type.

(b) All supporting cables shall be installed at an angle of not less than 45 degrees from
outer end of horizontal signs, to the face of the building to which they are attached.

Where this angle of the supporting cable would extend above the parapet wall or roof, an
angle iron not less than ¼ X 1½" shall be securely bolted to the inside of the parapet wall
in a vertical position and the supporting cable fastened to the top of the angle iron at
the same angle. Top end of angle iron shall be securely fastened with two side guy cables
on each side, and one supporting cable or angle iron brace, extending back to and securely
fastened to the roof at an angle equal to the angle of the supporting cable in front.

(C) No sign or any portion thereof shall be anchored to or supported by any fire escape
or stand pipe, or be erected so as to obstruct or prevent the free ingress or egress, from
nay window, door or fire escape.

(d) No sign shall be placed on top or suspended from bottom of another sigh over public
property. The lowest part of any sign shall be not less than 8½ feet from the top of the
side walk grade. No sign shall extend over the outside edge of the curb. All signs except
parallel shall be so placed as to be 90 degrees to the property line, and on corners
they may be so placed as to made the same angle with both streets.

Sec. 12 _ PERMITS (a) All electric signs installed in the City of Las Vegas must be approved
by the Underwriters Laboratories and so labeled, or approved by the City Electrical Inspector.
All permits must be approved by both the Building and Electrical Inspector, and each such
sign shall be arranged for such inspection in an accessible location in order that a thorough
examination can be made, before erection or suspension.

No sign shall be installed between the hours of five P.M. and eight A.M. unless special
permission has been granted.

(b)	No sign shall be started, placed or rebuilt or increased in size without first obtaining
a permit to do so. In making application for permit, sufficient drawings and specifications
shall be submitted to the Building Inspector for checking and approval. Acceptance must

be had both from the Building and Electrical Inspector before sign is erected.

(c)	If work authorized to be done under a sign permit is not begun within sixty (60) days
from the date of issuance, such permit becomes null and void and the fee paid therefore by
applicant is forfeited so that is a sign is thereafter erected, an additional sign permit
shall be secured and an additional fee paid therefor, in accordance with the provisions of
this ordinance before work is recommenced.

(d)	The issuance or granting of a sign permit shall not prevent the Building Inspector or
Electrical Inspector from requiring the correction of errors, and the Building Inspector
or electrical Inspector is hereby authorized to stop any sign or any violation of this
ordinance or any other ordinances An the City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 13. CONSTRUCTION (a) Devices or products which comply with these requirements will not
necessarily be acceptable if they have other features which, when examined and tested, are
found to impair the result contemplated by these requirements.

(c) No series switches, flashers, or animators shall be installed in the high voltage or s
secondary circuit. Condensers of proper capacity shall be installed in the primary circuits
of all signs using flashers, animators or spellers. All signs shall be so constructed that
the same shall not cause any radio interference whatsoever.

Sec. 14. PROTECTION OF PUBLIC (a) No person shall erect or install any sign which projects
over or above any public property in any business district, not fo any preparatory work
preliminary to the erection or installation of such sign work unless a suitable barricade
of heavy rope attached to movable trestles or standards, or a board fence not less than four
(4) feet in height is erected and maintained to keep pedestrian or other traffic from
underneath such sign for a distance of not less than twenty (20) feet on all sides of the
sign during the period in which the work is being performed; provided further, that between
sunset and sunrise, in addition to the barricade herein required, there shall be installed
and kept burning not less than two lighted red lanterns if such work to be performed at night
Sec. 15. PURPOSE OF THIS ORDINANCE (A) No person shall engage in or carry on the business
of electric sign contracting without complying with all of the provisions of ordinances
governing electrical construction for which an electrical permit is required. Electrical
sign contracting business shall be deemed to be electrical contracting business for which
requirements are set up in said ordinance any every such electrical sign contractor shall
comply with all the requirements of such ordinances and with this ordinance.

(b) All electric signs will be considered as electric fixtures and shall be erected and con-
nected under the jurisdiction of a licensed electrical contractor of the City of Las Vegas
and all permits of such signs shall be issued to licensed electrical contractors only.

Sec. 16. NAME PLACE, ETC. All signs must have the makers's name, weight, primary and second-
ary voltage, KVA and permit number painted on the outside or exterior, same to be legible
to the naked eye at least 25 feet away from the sign.	

Sec. 17. SIGNS ON WLAKS, ESC. No signs of any kind shall be placed or supported on any
public street, walk, parking or other public property, and it shall be the duty of the
Police Department to order and compel such signs to be entirely removed.

Sec. 18. PENALTY. (a) Every person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of
this ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be
punished by a fine of not less than five dollars ($5.00) nor more than three hundred
dollars ($300.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not less than two
(2) days, nor more than one hundred fifty (150) days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

(b) Every person, firm, or corporation violating any of the provisions of this ordinance
shall be deemed guilty of a separate offense for each day or portion thereof during which
such violation continues, and shall be punishable therefor as herein provided.

Sec. 19. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in the Las
Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of two weeks

H.P. Marble
Mayor Pro Tem

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
(seal)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted at a
regular recessed meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, this 9th day of March, A.D. 1938, by the following vote: Commissioners
Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye.

Voting no, none.

Absent Mayor Arnett and Commissioner Perry.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION



STATE OF NEVADA )ss
County of Clark )

C.P. Squires being duly sworn deposes and says: That he is publisher of Las Vegas Age,
a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 233 of the City of
Las Vegas was published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from March 11,1938 to
March 18, 1938 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:
March 11 and 18, 1938.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $141.30.

Signed C.P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th day of March 1938.

C.D. Breeze	

Notary Public in an for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission expires June 7 1939.

(Notarial seal)

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for a first time at a recessed regular meeting
of the Board held on the 9th day Of March, 1938, at which time tit was proposed, consid-
ered and voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Age,
a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two
consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading, and it was thereafter read aloud
to the Board for a second, time adopted, approved and finally passed at a recessed regular
meeting of the Board held on the 13th day of April, 1938.	

Voting ayes: Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Marble.

Approved H.P. Marble

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns, City Clerk
ORDINANCE NO. 234

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE CLEANING OF LOTS WITHIN THE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF, AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS
OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, AND PARTICULARLY REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 91 of the
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, APPROVED, MARCH 15, 1922.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordains as follows:

Section 1. Every person or person owning a lot or lots	the limits of the City of

Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, are hereby required to clean the debris, rubbish
garbage, weeks over four inches in height, and brush from the same on or before the 30th
day of April of each year, commencing with the year 1938; and thereafter also to clean lot
or lots of debris, rubbish, garbage, weeks over four inchces in height, and brush, within
ten days after notice, either verbal or in writing, given to such person or persons by the
Commissioners of Streets and Public Property in the City of Las Vegas. Failure to comply
with any of the provisions of this section or with the requirements of such notice shall be
a misdemeanor and every person found guilty of violating any of the provisions of this
Section or any requirement of any such notice sall, upon conviction thereof, be fined not
less than Five Dollars ($5.00) nor more than Three Hundred Dollars ($300) or imprisonment
in the City Jail until such fine	is paid at the rate of	not exceeding one day	for	each

Two Dollars of such fine in case	such fine is not paid,	or by imprisonment in	the	City Jail

not to exceed three months or by both such fine and imprisonment.

PROVIDED, that when there shall exist debris, rubbish garbage, weeks over four inches
in height, or bursh upon a lot or lots owned by a non-resident of the City of Las Vegas
 contrary to the provisions of this ordinance, a written notice shall be posted by or at
the instance of such Commissioner of Streets and Public Property in a conspicuous place
on each lot in view of the public, notifying the owner or owners of said lot or lots to
clean the same within ten days form the date of posting of such notice; and in the event of
the failure of such owner or owners to clean such lot or lots within ten days after the
date of posting such notice as aforesaid, the cleaning of said lot or lots shall be done
on behalf of said City of Las Vegas by the Commissioner of Streets and Public Property
thereof and the cost thereof shall become a debt in favor of said City of Las Vegas against
the owner or owners of such lots	or lot so cleaned, and	the amount thereof may be	recovered

from the owner or owners of such	lot or lots in a civil	action to be brought	and	prosecuted

in any court of competent jurisdiction.

SECTION 2. Ordinance Number 91 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR
THE CLEANING OF LOTS WITHIN THE LIMITS OF CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS
OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH," Approved arch 15, 1922 is hereby expressly repealed
and all other ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict with the Ordinances are here-
by repealed.

SECTION 3. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Review-Journal, a newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of
two weeks.

H.P. Marble

Mayor Pro Tem.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
City Seal.

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this 15th
day of April, A.D. 1938, by the following vote: Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye; Voting no, none.

Absent Mayor Arnett Commissioner Perry.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )ss
County of Clark )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly	deposes and says; That he is foreman of the Las Vegas

Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks from April 19th 1938 to April 26th
1938 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: April
19th and 26th

That the said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of May 1938.

A.E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires Jan 12 1939.

(Notarial seal)

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for a first time at a recessed regular meeting
of the Board held on the 15th ay of April, 1938, at which time it was proposed, considered
and voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening
Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for a period of once
a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading, and it was there-
after passed at a recessed regular meeting of the Board held on the 10th day of May, 1938
Voting aye. Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor H.P. Marble.

Absent Commissioner Perry

H.P. Marble,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ORDINANCE NO. 235

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 1 OF ORDINANCE NUMBER 168 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
ENTITLED:	"AN ORDINANCE OF THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ESTABLISHING

A RESIDENCE DISTRICT, INDUSTRIAL AND COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS WITHIN THE SAID CITY OF
LAS VEGAS: DEFINING SUCH DISTRICTS: DECLARING IT UNLAWFUL TO ERECT, ESTABLISH,
MAINTAIN, OR OPERATE CERTAIN FACTORIES, WORKS OR ESTABLISHMENTS WITHIN SAID RES-
IDENCE DISTRICTS AND SAID COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS: REGULATING THE ERECTION, ESTABLISH-
MENT, MAINTENANCE, OPERATION AND REBUILDING OF CERTAIN WORKS OR ESTABLISHMENTS
IN SAID DISTRICTS: PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF SAID ORDINANCE, AND
REPEALING ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. Section 1 of said Ordinance Number 168 is hereby amended to read as fol-
lows:

That all of the City of Las Vegas is hereby established as and declared to
be a residence district, excepting therefrom those portions of the City included
within the boundaries of the hereinafter described commercial districts and indus-
trial districts and said residence district is hereby divided into three zones,
bounded and restricted as follows:

RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 1: That portion of said City of Las Vegas lying east of
the alley between Fifth Street and Sixth Street, east of the alley between Fifth
Street and Sixth Street, west of the alley between Tenth Street and Eleventh Street,
and the alley between Clark Street and LaSalle Street, north of Lewis Street and
south of the north line of Buck's Subdivision and Grandview Addition, and that por-
tion of the City of Las Vegas lying east of the alley between Second Street and
Third Street, west of the alley between Fourth Street and Fifth Street, north of
Charleston Boulevard, and south of Garces Street, shall be subject to the following
restrictions:

(a)	Ownership and occupancy shall be restricted to persons of the Caucasian

Race.

(b)	All of said zone shall be restricted to residences or dwellings of a
minimum value of Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000); courts and apartment houses, flats
or duplexes to a minimum value of Eight Hundred Fifty Dollars ($850) per room; with
no single building for residence purposes of a less value than Three Thousand Dollars
($3,000); and no house or building shall be moved into said district that is of less
value than Three Thousand Dollars ($5,000) when completed, and that the same must be
completed within ninety days from the time such building is moved into said district
and no building shall be occupied for living purposes until the same is entirely
completed.

(c) All buildings must be set back from the street on which the lot faces,
or front street, at least twenty-five feet, and there shall be not more than two
separate residences on each fifty (50) feet lot.

(d)	No tent house, shack or garage shall be erected, maintained or occupied
as a dwelling except for a maximum period of ninety (90) days during actual construc-
tion of a residence or other dwelling on the same property in conformity with City
Ordinances.

RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 2: That portion of said city lying east of the alley be-
tween Fifth Street and Sixth Street, west of the alley between Tenth Street and
Eleventh Street, north of Charleston Boulevard and south of Lewis Street, shall be
subject to the following restrictions:

(a)	Ownership and occupancy shall be restricted to persons of the Caucasian

race.

(b)	All of said zone shall be restricted to one single family residence of a
minimum value of Thirty-five Hundred Dollars ($5500) and no house or building shall
be moved into said zone.

(c)	All buildings must be set back from the street which lot faces, or front
street, at least twenty-five feet and there shall be not more than one family dwell-
ing on each fifty feet lot, provided that on 75 feet corner lots, and on lots upon
which there is already erected one dwelling on the rear of said lot, one additional
single family dwelling may be erected subject to the above mentioned setback.

RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 5. All of the City of Las Vegas, not included in the limit
of Residence Zone No. 1 and Residence Zone No. 2, shall be considered as Residence
Zone No. 3, excepting those sections classified as Commercial districts and indus-
trial districts.

SECTION 2. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance pub-
lished in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in
the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada for a period of two weeks, that is tp
say, once each week for a period of two weeks.

Attest:	H. P. MARBLE

Viola Burns	

City Clerk	 Mayor

City Seal.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in-full and adopted

this _____ day of _________, A D 1938 by the following vote: Commissioners ___________,

______________, ________________, _______________________, and _______________________

Voting AYE. Voting No, none. Absent, ______________.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a recessed
regular meeting of the Board held on the 22nd day of April, 1938, at which time it
was proposed, considered and voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter pub-
lished in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks immed-
iately following its first reading. And, it was read aloud to the Board for a second
time at a recessed regular meeting of the Board held on the 12th day of August, 1938.

Voting aye; Commissioners Corradetti, Luce, Krause and Ronnow and His Honor
the Mayor. H P. Marble. Noes, None. Absent, None.

(City Seal)	Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.
(Ordinance No. 235 Continued)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

( SS

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says* That he is
foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper of general
circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the Couuty of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper
for a period of Two weeks from April 26th 1938 to May 3rd 1938 inclusive, being
the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: April 26th -May 3rd
That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 3rd day of May, 1938.

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

(NOTARIAL SEAL)

My Commission Expires
Jan 12, 1939

ORDINANCE NO. 236 Not adopted after publication.
ORDINANCE NO. 237

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTIONS 1, 2, 3, 4, 13 and 15 OF ORDINANCE NO. 161 OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED, "AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE BUSINESS OF DOING ELECTRICAL
INSTALLATION, FIXTURE AND CONNECTION WORK AND PROVIDING FOR THE EXAMINATION OF PERSONS
ENGAGED IN TEE SAME, OPERATING A BOARD OF EXAMINATION, REGULATING THE SALE OF ELEC-
TRICAL FIXTURES AND APPLIANCES, PROVIDING FOR THE LICENSING OF ELECTRICAL WORKERS,
PROVIDING ADDITIONAL REGULATIONS FOR ELECTRICAL INSTALLATION, FIXING A PENALTY FOR
THE VIOLATION THEREOF, AND REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 156 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS EN-
TITLED, 'AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE BUSINESS OF DOING ELECTRICAL INSTALLATION, FIX-
TURE AND CONNECTION WORK, AND PROVIDING FOR TEE EXAMINATION OF PERSONS ENGAGED IN
TEE SAME, AND CREATING AN EXAMINATION BOARD, AND PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR A VIOLATION
THEREOF', AND REPEALING ORDINANCE NUMBER 128 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED, 'AN
ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE LICENSING OF ELECTRICAL WORKERS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
AND FIXING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF', AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND
PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDINANCE, " APPROVED
JULY 14TH, 1930, AND AMENDED SEPTEMBER 17TH, 1931, BY ORDINANCE NUMBER 174, AND RE-
PEALING SECTION 5 of SAID ORDINANCE NUMBER 161 AS AMENDED.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. Section 1 of Ordinance No. 161 of the City of Las Vegas, as amended by
Ordinance No, 174 of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby amended to read as follows:

"On and after the passage, adoption and completion of publication of this Ordin-
ance, it shall be unlawful for any master electrician to do, or attempt to do, or
cause to be done, except as hereinafter provided, any electrical installation
fixture or connection work, whether original work or alteration, within any build-
ing in the City of Las Vegas, without first undergoing before the Electrical
Inspector of the City of Las Vegas, or such other person or persons as may be
named therefor by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, an exam-
ination as to his competency as an electrician or electrical worker and procuring
from said Board of Commissioners a certificate reciting that he has been found
qualified to act in such capacity and to do said class of work. Such certificate
shall be signed by the Mayor and the Electrical Inspector."

SECTION 2. Section 2 of Ordinance No. 161 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended
to read as follows:

"Any certificate issued under the provisions of Section One of this Ordinance
may be cancelled and annulled by the Board of Commissioners of said City, whenever
it appears to said Board that the holder of such certificate, or any person working
under him, has done, or habitually does any work or causes or permits or allows to
be done any work not in strict accordance with approved electrical methods as de-
fined by any Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, or which said Board of Commis-
sioners may regard as dangerous to life or property, and it shall be unlawful for
any person whose certificate has been so cancelled or annulled, to again engage
in such work until he has been reinstated by said Board and a new certificate is-
sued to him."

SECTION 3. Section 3 of Ordinance No. 161 of the City of Las Vegas, as amended by Ord-
inance No. 174 of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby amended to read as follows:

"Before or at the time of applying for such certificate, the applicant shall
pay unto the City Clerk a fee of Fifty Dollars ($50.00) and said Board of Commis-
sioners will thereafter and as soon as practicable and in no event later than
fifteen (15) days thereafter, arrange for such examination. Any person failing
to pass any such examination shall be entitled to have returned to him the said
sum of Fifty Dollars	($50.00),	but any	person failing	to pass such examination

shall not be permitted to take	another	examination at	an earlier	time than thirty

days after the last preceding examination so taken by him, unless otherwise pre-
scribed by an order of said Board of Commissioners."

SECTION 4. Section 4 of	Ordinance	No. 161	of the City of	Las Vegas,	as amended by

Ordinance No. 174 of	the City of Las Vegas, is hereby	amended to	read as follows:

"The word "person" as used herein shall include also any firm of persons
or corporation. A "master electrician" within the meaning of this Ordinance is
a person, firm or corporation actively engaged in the business of installing,
altering and/or repairing electrical wiring of electrical lighting or heating
apparatus for others, directly or by means of agents or employees; provided,
however, that in the case of a firm or corporation engaging in the business
of electrical work as aforesaid, the provisions of this ordinance relative to
certificate of qualification shall be deemed to be complied with if the member
of such firm, officer of such corporation, foreman or other person in charge of
such electrical work for such firm or corporation, shall have complied with the
requirements hereof and received a certificate as a master electrician; but nothing
herein shall be deemed to permit any person to have charge of, exercise any con-
trol over or direct any such electrical work without having obtained and having
in force and effect a certificate as herein provided for.

Provided, that none of the provisions of this Ordinance shall prevent the
lessee or owner of any premises from performing his own electrical work on such
premises with his own hands only, but if any one is hired to do such work, the
person hired shall be a master electrician and not a journeyman electrician. All
work so done by such lessee or owner shall be subject to inspection, the payment
of inspection fees, and shall be done strictly in conformity with the Ordinances
of the. City of Las Vegas pertaining to electrical work.

A "Journeyman Electrician" within the meaning of this Ordinance is a person
employed by a master electrician to supervise under the control and direction of
a master electrician the installing, altering and/or repairing of electrical,
lighting or heating apparatus or to do installing, altering and/or repairing of
electrical wiring of electrical lighting or heating apparatus.
It shall be unlawful for any journeyman electrician to do electrical
work in the City of Las Vegas without first procuring a certificate therefor as
herein provided. Every application for a certificate as journeyman electrician
within the City of Las Vegas shall be made to the City Clerk, and the Board of
Commissioners of said City shall thereupon arrange for an examination of said
applicant either by the Electrical Inspector of said City or such other person or
persons as may be named therefor by said Board of Commissioners, as to his quali-
fications and fitness for such work, and if, after such examination it shall be
found that the applicant is qualified to do the work of journeyman electrician with-
in the said City and properly install electrical wiring and electrical lighting
and heating apparatus in accordance with the provisions of the then existing ordin-
ances of the City of Las Vegas relating to such work, or properly supervise the in-
stallation of electrical wiring and electrical lighting and heating apparatus, a
certificate reciting that he is so qualified shall be issued to him, signed by the
Mayor and by the Electrical Inspector. The fee for the examination for journeymen
electrician shall be Five Dollars ($5.00) and shall be paid to the City Clerk, at
the time of making such application.

Every person of the age of twenty-one years or over, engaged in work
as master electrician or journeyman electrician in the City of Las Vegas at the
time of the taking effect of this Ordinance, shall apply for and receive a cer-
tificate of competency from said Board of Examination before continuing such
work, but shall not be required to submit to examination in order to receive the
same. The provisions for taking out license and for annual renewal of license of
master electrician shall apply to the master electricians mentioned in this para-
graph. In case of the revocation of a certificate of competency, as herein pro-
vided for, such person shall submit to and pass an examination for competency be-
fore such Board of Examination before being reinstated and having a new certificate
issued to him. The revocation of certificate of competency of a journeyman elec-
trician may be had in the same manner and with the same effect as hereinabove pro-
vided for the revocation of certificate of competency of master electrician."

SECTION 5. Section 5 of Ordinance No. 161 of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby
repealed.

SECTION 6. Section 13 of Ordinance No. 161 of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby
amended to read as follows:

"The Electrical Inspector shall issue written orders to the City Clerk for all per-
mits, shall make inspections and shall keep a complete record of all orders for
permits issued by him and all inspections made by him, and shall perform such
other offician duties as may be required under the provisions of this or any other
Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas relating to electrical installations, alterations,
and/or repairs. All fees for permits and privileges and licenses under this ordin-
ance shall be paid directly to the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas,

No electrical installation, fixture or connection work of any kind shall be commenced
by any person, firm or corporation without first having obtained therefor, a permit
under the provisions of this ordinance."

SECTION 7. Section 15 of Ordinance No. 161 of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby
amended to read as follows:

"A fee of $1.00 shall be charged for each survey of a proposed electrical installa-
tion, alteration or repair for which a permit has not first been issued, which
amount shall be paid to the City Clerk by any person, firm or corporation responsible
for each survey."

SECTION 8. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby
repealed.

SECTION 9. The City Clerk. is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a Daily newspaper, published in the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each
week for a period of two weeks.

H. P. MARBLE

ATTEST:	Mayor

VIOLA BURNS
City Clerk.

(City Seal)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted this
6th day of May, A.D., 1938, by the following vote:

Commissioners, Krause, Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor, H. P. Marble, voting Aye.
Voting no, none. Absent, Commissioner Perry.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed regular
meeting of the Board held on the 6th day of May, 1938, at which time it was proposed,
Considered and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the
Las Vegas Evening-Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas, for a period of once each week for a period of two weeks immediately following
its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time
adopted and approved and finally passed at a regular meeting of the Board held on the
Fourth day of June, 1938. Voting aye: Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor
the Mayor, H.P. Marble. Noes, none. Absent Commissioner Perry.

ATTEST:		H. P. MARBLE

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

City Clerk		

(City Seal)
Ordinance No. 237 Continued:)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION
STATE OF NEVADA )		

( SS

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks
from May 9th 1938 to May 16th 1938 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: May 9th-16th. That said newspaper was regularly
issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 25th day of May, 1938
A. E. CAHLAN 

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada
(NOTARIAL SEAL)

My Commission Expires
January 12 1939

—oooOOooo—

ORDINANCE NO. 238.

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE REGISTRATION AND OPERATION OF BICYCLES IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS AND PROVIDING PENALTY FOR VIOLATION THEREOF.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. It shall be unlawful for any person to operate or use a bicycle propelled
wholly or in part by muscular power upon any of the streets, alleys or public high-
ways of the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining from the City Clerk a license
therefor.

SECTION 2. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to issue upon written
application, bicycle licenses which shall be effective from the 1st day of August,
1938, to and including December 31, 1938, and thereafter said licenses shall be is-
sued for the calendar year, commencing on the first day of January of each of said
calendar years and ending on the thirty-first day of December of said calendar year.
Said licenses when issued shall entitle the licensee to operate such bicycle for
which said license has been issued, upon all the streets, alleys and public highways,
exclusive of sidewalks thereof, in the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 3. The City of Las Vegas shall provide each year metallic license plates
and seals, together with registration cards and isinglass holders therefor, said
metallic license plates and registration cards having numbers stamped thereon in
numerical order, beginning with Number 1, and indicating the year for which the same
are issued, and the letters LVBL stamped thereon; such metallic license plates shall
be suitable for attachment upon the frames of bicycles, and it shall be the duty of
the City Clerk to attach one such metallic license plate to the frame of each bicycle
and to issue a corresponding registration card to the licensee upon the payment of
the license fee herein provided for. Such metallic license plate shall remain at-
tached during the existence of such license. The City Clerk shall also keep a record
of the date of issue of each license, to whom issued, and the number thereof.

SECTION 4. All persons engaged in the business of buying second-hand bicycles are
hereby required to make monthly report to the Police Department, giving the name and
address of the person from whom each bicycle is purchased, the description of each
bicycle purchased, the frame number thereof, and the number of the metallic license
plate found thereon, if any. All persons engaged in the business of selling new or
second-hand bicycles are hereby required to make a monthly report to the Police De-
partment giving a list of all sales made by such dealers, which shall include the
name and address of each person to whom sold, the kind of bicycle sold, together with
a description and frame number thereof, and the number of the metallic license plate
attached thereto, if any.

SECTION 5. It shall be the duty of every person who sells or transfers ownership of
any bicycle, to report such sale or transfer by returning to the City Clerk the reg-
istration card issued to such person as licensee thereof, together with the name and
address of the person to whom said bicycle was sold or transferred, and such report
shall be made within five days of the date of said sale or transfer. It shall be
the duty of the purchaser or transferee of such bicycle to apply for a transfer of
registration therefor within five days of said sale or transfer.

SECTION 6. It shall be unlawful for any person to wilfully or maliciously remove,
destroy, mutilate or alter the number of any bicycle frame licensed pursuant to this
ordinance. It shall also be unlawful for any person to remove, destroy, mutilate or
alter any license plate, seal or registration card during the time in which such
License plate, seal or registration card is operative. Provided, however, that
nothing in this ordinance shall prohibit the Police Department from stamping num-
bers on the frames of bicycles on which no serial number can be found, or on which
said number is illegible or insufficient for identification purposes.

SECTION 7. The annual license fee to be paid for each bicycle shall be Fifty
Cents ($.50), and shall be paid in advance; and pursuant to Section 5 of this
ordinance, such licenses may be transferred when the ownership of said bicycle
is transferred, and a fee of Fifty Cents ($.50) shall be paid for the registration
of such transfer. All license fees collected under this ordinance shall be paid
into the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas.
(Ordinance No. 238 Continued)

SECTION 8. It shall be unlawful for any person to permit any bicycle to remain
lying upon any sidewalk, or in any street or alley, or public grounds within the City
of Las Vegas. Any bicycle left lying or remaining upon any sidewalk, or in any
street or alley of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby declared to be a public nuisance,
and any police officer of said City is hereby authorized to remove such bicycle from
such sidewalk, street or alley.

SECTION 9. Every person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this
ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction shall be pun-
ishable by a fine of not more than three hundred dollars ($300.00), or by imprison-
ment in the City Jail for a period of not more than three (3) months or by both such
fine and imprisonment. In addition to the penalty hereinabove set forth, the Police
Department of the City of Las Vegas or any of the members thereof, may impound and
retain possession of any bicycle operated in violation of any of the provisions of
this ordinance.

SECTION 10. The City Clerk shall furnish the Police Department with a record of the
date of issue of each bicycle license, the name of the person to whom it was issued
and the number thereof, within twenty-four (24) hours of the time of issuance thereof.

SECTION 11. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of two
weeks.

ATTEST:			H. P. MARBLE

VIOLA BURNS	Mayor

City Clerk
(City Seal)

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted
this 17th day of June, A.D., 1938, by the following vote: Commissioners Krause,

Luce and Ronnow and his honor the Mayor, H.P. Marble, voting Aye. Voting no, none.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a recessed regular
meeting held on the 17th day of June, 1938, at which time it was proposed, con-
sidered and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas for a period
of once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading.

And, it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time at a regular meet-
ing of the Board held on the 4th day of August, 1938.

Voting aye; Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor,
the Mayor H. P. Marble.

Noes: none.

Absent: Non.	Approved:

H.	P. MARBLE

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

ATTEST:

Viola Burns	

City Clerk

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

ss

COUNTY OF CLARK )

James W. Squires being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Managing Editor
of LAS VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
City Ordinance #228 was published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks
from July 1 to July 8, 1938 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to wit: July 1 and 8, 1938.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named. That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $60.60.

Signed J. W. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of August, 1938.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires June 7, 1939.

(NOTARIAL SEAL)
ORDINANCE NO. 239

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ESTABLISHING FUNDS.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That the following funds, representing the funded obligations
of said City and the several departments requiring municipal expenditures shall be
and the same are hereby fixed and established as follows:

First: GENERAL FUND, under which fund shall be grouped the receipts and
expenditures for and on account of all departments of the city government not other-
wise in this ordinance specifically provided for.

Second: POLL TAX FUND, under which fund shall be grouped the receipts
from poll tax collections and expenditures of same as provided by Statutes of the
State of Nevada.

Third: PUBLICITY FUND, under which fund shall be grouped the receipts
and expenditures for publicity purposes.

Fourth: LAS VEGAS CEMETERY FUND, under which fund shall be grouped all
the receipts of the Las Vegas Cemetery Department and from which shall be disbursed
all the expenditures thereof. 

Fifth:	CASH BASIS FUND, under which fund shall be grouped the receipts,

transfers and expenditures for and on account of the Cash Basis Fund as herein pro-
vided. The cash basis fund shall be a permanent revolving fund, for the purpose
of putting the payment of running expenses of the City on a cash basis. For the
purpose it is hereby provided that, from moneys collected from the annual tax levy
and from moneys received from other sources a sum equal to not less than five cents
on each one hundred dollars of the assessed value of said property shall be placed
in such fund until the accumulated amount in such fund shall be sufficient to meet
all legal demands against the treasury for the first three months or other necessary
period of the succeeding fiscal year. The Board of Commissioners shall have power
to transfer from such cash basis fund to any other fund or funds such sum or sums
as may be required for the purpose of placing such fund or funds as nearly as poss-
ible on a cash basis. It shall be the duty of the Board of Commissioners to pro-
vide that all money so transferred from the Cash Basis Fund be returned thereto
before the end of the fiscal year.

Sixth: The following named Bond Redemption and Interest Funds, viz:

1923 Highway Bond Redemption & Interest Fund.

1928 Pavement & Curb Improvement Bond Redemption and Interest Fund.

1930 Pavement Improvement, Series "A" Bond Redemption and Interest Fund.

1930	Curb and Gutter Improvement, Series "B" Bond Redemption and Interest

Fund		 

1931	Sewerage Bond Redemption and Interest Fund.

under which funds shall be grouped the receipts and expenditures applicable to the
respective funds.

Seventh:	The following named Assessment Bond Redemption and Interest

Funds, viz:

Special 1929 Pavement & Curb Improvement Assessment Bond Redemption &
interest Fund,

Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Series "C" Assessment Bond Redemption

& Interest Fund,

Special 1930 Curb and Gutter Series "D" Assessment Bond Redemption and

Interest Fund,	__

Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3 Assessment Bond Redemption

and Interest Fund,

which assessment district funds are sometimes called Assessment District Number eleven
thirteen, fourteen and thirty-seven, respectively, and under which funds shall be
grouped the receipts and expenditures applicable to the respective funds.

Eighth: Receipts and disbursements of Trust Funds which may from time to
time be deposited with the City as guarantee deposits or for specific trust purposes
shall be grouped in Trust Funds appropriately named so as to desigante the source
of receipts and/or purpose of the expenditures for and on account of such fund or
funds.

Ninth: Unapportioned Taxes Fund under which fund shall be grouped the
receipts and transfers or expenditures for and on account of tax collections subject
to apportionment to the respective funds as provided in the budget and/or tax levy.

Tenth: Unapportioned Clearing Fund under which fund shall be grouped
the receipts and transfers or expenditures on account of excessive or erroneous
receipts and/or disbursements pending their proper disposition.

Section II. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith
are hereby repealed.

Section III. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Review, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County. Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each
week week for a period of two weeks.

H. P. Marble

ATTEST:	 Mayor.

VIOLA BURNS____________

City Clerk
City Seal.
The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full,
and adopted this 4th day of August, A.D., 1938, by the following vote: Commissioners
Corradetti, Luce, Krause and Ronnow and His Honor, the Mayor, H. P. Marble, voting
Aye. Voting No, none. Absent None.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a
regular meeting held on the 4th day of August, 1938 at which time it was proposed,
considered and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the
Las Vegas Review, a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas for a period
of once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading.

And, it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time at a regular meeting
of the Board held on the 7th day of September, 1938.

Voting aye; Commissioners Krause, Luce, Ronnow and His Honor the
Mayor, H.P. Marble. Noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

Approved:

ATTEST:

Viola Burns_______ __________________________________________H. P. Marble _____________

City Clerk	Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

City Seal.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

( SS

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is
foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general cir-
culation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
two weeks from August 10th 1938 to August 17th 1938 inclusive, being the issues of
said newspaper for the following dates, to wit: August 10th-17th. That said news-
paper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th
day of August, 1938.

A. E. CAHLAN

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires
Jan 12 1939

-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
ORDINANCE NO. 240

"AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS REGULATING THE PRESENTATION AND AUDIT OF
CLAIMS AND DEMANDS AGAINST THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; AND PROVIDING FOR THEIR ALLOWANCE
AND PAYMENT OR REJECTION." 

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. The word "demand" as used in this ordinance shall mean
"demand, claim or account"; and the word "person" shall mean "person, public
officer, firm, corporation, company or association."

Section 2. No City officer shall, except for his own service, or
expenses incurred by him on behalf of the City, present any demand for allowance
against the City, or in any way, except in the discharge of his official duty, ad-
vocate the relief asked in a demand made by any other person. Any person may appear
before the Board of Commissioners and oppose the allowance of any demand made
against the city.

Section 3. No demand on the City of Las Vegas shall be allowed by
the Board of Commissioners in favor of any person in any way indebted to the City
of Las Vegas, without first deducting such indebtedness, nor in favor of any of-
ficer whose account shall not have been rendered and approved, or who shall have
neglected or refused to perform any of the duties of his office.

Section 4. The Board of Commissioners must not hear, consider,
credit, audit or allow any demand in favor of any person against the city, unless
the same is itemized, giving names, dates and particular services rendered, char-
acter of work done, number of days engaged, supplies or materials furnished, to
whom, and quantity and price to be paid therefor, duly certified by the claimant
as follows; "I certify that this demand is true and correct; is unpaid and due

this claimant in the sum of $............" and unless the same is presented to and

filed with the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas within six (6) months after the
last item of the demand accrued. If the Board of Commissioners does not hear or
consider a demand for the reason that it is not itemized or certified, the Board
of Commissioners shall cause notice to be given to the claimant or his attorney of
that fact, and shall give time to have the same itemized and certified, provided

that in no case shall such time be enlarged or given beyond the original six months
limitation above mentioned.
ORDINANCE NO. 240 Continued:

Section 5. No claim for damages for personal injuries suffered by any
person or persons, or for the wrongful death of any person or persons, due to the
alleged negligence, in any respect, of said City of Las Vegas, its agents or
employees, shall be considered or paid by said Board of Commissioners or said
City, unless a notice in writing, stating the name of the person injured or killed
or the names of the persons injured or killed, the time and place of the accident
or happening causing such injury or death, a brief statement of the facts surround-
ing and concerning such accident or happening and the names of the witnesses present
at such time, together with a statement of the amount claimed to be due from said
City, shall be filed with the City Clerk within thirty days after the said accident
or happening. And this provision, except the part concerning name of person injured
or killed, shall likewise apply to all claims for damages to property due to the
alleged negligence of Said City or its employees, and all other cases in which
money is claimed to be due from said City for a tort of any kind by any of the agents
or employees of said City. And no action shall be maintained in any Court upon any
cause of action in this section mentioned unless such written notice shall have
first been filed with said City Clerk.

Section 6. No demand shall be audited, passed upon or allowed by the
Board of Commissioners unless made out as prescribed in this ordinance and presented
to, and filed with the City Clerk three (3) days prior to the time of the meeting
of the Board of Commissioners at which it is asked to be allowed. This time limit
shall not apply to the presentation of payroll demands.

Section 7. All demands against the City of Las Vegas shall be presented
to and filed with the City Clerk who shall note thereon the date received. The City
Clerk shall forthwith attach to such demand a copy of the purchase order by which the
expenditure was authorized, together with such evidence as is available of the re-
ceipt of goods or services referred to on the demand upon which shall be shown the
written approval or disapproval of the head of the department as to the goods re-
ceived or services rendered.

Section 8. The City Clerk shall examine and verify all claims and demands
filed against the City of Las Vegas as to their validity, accuracy, certification,
and required previous approvals, and shall prepare for approval, without signing,
a warrant upon the City Treasurer representing such demand, which warrant shall
specify in whose favor it is drawn, the purpose for which it is drawn, and the amount
thereof, together with the name of the fund and of the bank out of which it is pay-
able when executed and approved. He shall note such demands and warrants upon a
register book of demands and warrants, setting forth the number of the demand and
warrant, in whose favor the warrant is drawn, and the amount thereof, together with
dates and the name of the fund and of the bank out of which the warrant is payable.

All demands and warrants so presented, filed and noted, and the register book of
demands and warrants, together with the supporting documents, shall then be for-
warded by the City Clerk to the City Auditor for his approval or disapproval.

Section 9. The City Auditor shall audit all such demands, and shall,
if the same are found authorized, correct and legal, approve them and endorse his
approval on the face of each demand, and also upon the register book of demands
and warrants. If the Auditor declines to approve any demand, he shall attach to
the demand a statement setting forth his reasons for disapproval thereof.

Section 10. All demands approved or disapproved shall thereupon be
presented by the City Clerk, together with the register book of demands and warrants,
to the Commissioner in charge of the respective department incurring the expenditure
and to the Finance Commissioner, who shall audit the same, and if found authorized,
correct and legal, shall signify by their signatures upon the register book of demands
and warrants, those demands which are approved or disapproved by such Commissioner.

The Finance Commissioner shall then cause all demands approved or disapproved, to-
gether with the register book of demands and warrants, and supporting- documents, to
be presented to the Mayor for inspection after which they shall be returned to the
City Clerk who shall present the same to the Board of Commissioners for audit and
allowance or disallowance.

Section 11. All demands so presented, shall be audited by the Board of
Commissioners, and, if found authorized, correct and legal, shall be allowed by
the Board of Commissioners and ordered paid. Such action of the Board of Commis-
sioners shall be evidenced by motion entered in its minutes, stating the serial
numbers of the demands allowed and the total amount thereof, and the serial numbers
and total amount of those disallowed.

Section 12. Upon the allowance of demands by the Board of Commissioners,
the Mayor shall draw and execute, and the City Clerk shall attest, the warrants upon
the Treasurer, so prepared as aforesaid, for all demands so allowed by the Board
of Commissioners, and which appear upon the register book of demands and warrants.

No warrant shall be drawn or evidence of indebtedness issued unless there
be sufficient money in the treasury legally applicable to the payment of the same,
except as provided by law. All warrants so drawn and executed, together with a
signed copy of the register book of demands and warrants, shall be forwarded to
the City Treasurer, and if found correct, shall be signed by the City Treasurer
and distributed by him to the claimants legally entitled thereto. All demands
shall be filed in numerical order by the City Clerk.

Section 13. The register book of demands and warrants herein referred
to shall be prepared and placed on file in the office of the City Clerk not later
than the fourth and sixteenth days of each month.

Section 14. All demands for services rendered or material supplied by
any City Department to op for another City Department, the expenses of which are
payable out of a separate fund, shall be presented in the name of, and the warrant
drawn payable to the City of Las Vegas, designating the Department to which the
demand is payable.
ORDINANCE NO. 240 Continued:

Section 15. Nothing in this ordinance shall be construed as prev-
enting the payment by the City Treasurer of the bonded indebtedness of the City
and the interest coupons thereof, or payment on account of street improvement
bonds and coupons in accordance with the laws authorizing the issuance of bonds.

Section 16. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 17. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this
ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once
each week for a period of two weeks.

ATTEST:	H. P. MARBLE

Mayor

VIOLA BURNS
City Clerk.

City Seal.

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in
full, and adopted this 4th day of August, A.D., 1938, by the following vote:

Commissioners Corradetti, Luce, Krause, Ronnow and His Honor,
the Mayor, H. P. Marble, voting Aye. Voting No, None. Absent None.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at
a regular meeting held on the 4th day of August, 1938, at which time it was pro-
posed, considered and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published
in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas for
a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first
reading. And, it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time at a
regular meeting of the Board held on the 7th day of September, 1938.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Krause, Luce, Ronnow and His Honor the
Mayor, H.P. Marble. Noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

Approved:

H. P. MARBLE

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

City Seal.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

( SS

COUNTY OF CLARK )

	 C. P. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is

Publisher of LAS VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the attached Ordinance No. 240, of the City of Las Vegas, was published in said
newspaper for a period of two weeks, from August 12, 1938 to August 19, 1938
inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

August 12 and 19, 1938.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named. That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $89.70.

Signed C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th day of Aug. 1938

C. D. BREEZE

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada.

My Commission Expires June 7, 1939.

(Notary Seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 241

An ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY
GRADING FOR AND CONSTRUCTING OIL BOUND GRAVEL PAVEMENT AND CONCRETE CURBS AND
GUTTERS ON, CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS;
DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE LOCATION. OF THE SAID IMPROVEMENTS; PROVIDING THAT
THE COST OF CERTAIN PORTIONS OF THE EXPENSES THEREOF SHALL BE PAID BY SPECIAL
ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS AND PARCELS OF LAND INCLUDED IN THE SPECIAL
ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO BENEFITS; PROVIDING FOR
THE ISSUANCE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT BONDS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS FOR THE PAY-
MENT. THEREOF AND OTHER MATTERS AND THINGS RELATING THERETO.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has
determined and hereby determines to make the following improvements in the City
of Las Vegas, said improvements to be made in accordance with the place, diagrams
and estimates of cost on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas;

To grade for and construct oil bound pavement three inches thick from
curb to curb, and concrete curbs and gutters on the following streets and portions
of streets in the City of Las Vegas:

All of Linden Avenue from Fifth Street to Sixth Street and from
Seventh Street to Eighth Street; all of Mesquite Avenue from Eighth
Street to State Street; all of Stewart Street from Ninth Street to the
Alley between Tenth Street and Eleventh Street( excepting curb and gutter
on the south side of Stewart Street between Tenth Street and the Alley
between Ninth Street and Tenth Street, which is already installed);

All of Ogden Street from Ninth Street to Eleventh Street (excepting curb
and gutter between Ninth Street and Tenth Street on both sides of street
and excepting curb and gutter on the south side of Ogden Street between
Tenth Street and the Alley between Tenth Street and Eleventh Street,
which is already installed); all of Bridger Street from Eighth Street
to Ninth Street; all of Clark Street from Eighth Street to the Alley
between Ninth Street and Tenth Street; all of Bonneville Street from
Seventh Street to Ninth Street; all of Garces Street from Seventh Street
to Ninth Street; all of Gass Street from Main Street to Eighth Street
(excepting curb and gutter on the south side of Gass Street between
Fourth Street and the Alley between Third Street and Fourth Street,
which is already installed); all of Hoover Street, from Main Street to
Seventh Street (excepting curb and gutter on the south side of Hoover
Street between Fourth Street and the alley between Third Street and
Fourth Street;) All of Coolidge Street from Main Street to Charleston
Boulevard; all of First Street from Garces Street to Coolidge Street;
all of Second Street from Garces Street to Coolidge Street; all of
Third Street from Garces Street to Coolidge Street; all of Fourth Street
from Hoover Street to Coolidge Street (excepting curb and gutter fronting
on north half of Lot 29 and all of Lots 30, 31 and 32 in Block 17, South
Addition, which is already installed;) All of Seventh Street from Garces
Street to Hoover Street; all of Eighth Street from State Street to Mesquite
Street and from Clark Street to Gass Street; all of State Street from Oak
Street to Eighth Street; all of Ninth Street from Mesquite Street to
Stewart Street and from Bridger Street to a point 150 feet south of Garces
Street; all of Tenth Street from Stewart Street to Ogden Street, (excepting
curb and gutter on the west side of Tenth Street, 150 feet south of Stewart
Street and 50 feet north of Ogden Street, which is already installed.)

Also to grade for and construct five feet of oil bound pavement three inches
thick, and concrete curbs and gutters on each side of the following streets and por-
tions of streets in the City of Las Vegas:

All of Carson Street from Eighth Street to Tenth Street; all of Fourth
Street from Garces Street to Hoover Street (excepting 225 feet of curb
and gutter which is already installed in front of Lots 22 to 27, in-
clusive, and lots 30 to 32, inclusive, in Block 16, South Addition);
all of Fifth Street from Garces Street to Charleston Boulevard (excepting
that portion of Fifth Street in front of Lots 25 to 32 inclusive, in
Block 19, South Addition, and excepting curb and gutter in front of lot
10 Block 27, South Addition); all of Ninth Street from Fremont Street to
Bridger Street.

Also to grade for and construct oil bound pavement three inches thick
from curb to curb on Charleston Boulevard from Seventh Street to a point east of
the Alley between Seventh Street and Eighth Street, and directly opposite the line
dividing the so-called Leroy Dutton Place and the Doctor William S. Park Place;
and to construct concrete curbs and gutters on the north side of Charleston Boule-
vard from Seventh Street to the alley between Seventh Street and Eighth Street;
and to construct concrete curbs and gutters on the south side of Charleston Boule-
vard from the center line of Seventh Street to a point 160 feet easterly therefrom;
and to construct concrete curbs and gutters on the north side of Charleston Boule-
vard opposite Block 32 South Addition; also to construct concrete curbs and gutters
on Stewart Street from Main Street to Second Street (excepting on the south side
of Stewart Street between Main Street and the Alley between Main Street and First
Street, where same are already installed);, and to construct concrete curb and
gutter on the south side of Stewart Street from Second Street to Fifth Street.

That the lots and parcels of land effected and to be assessed are par-
ticularly described as follows, with mention made to the particular improvement
for which each parcel is to be assessed:
ORDINANCE! NO. 241 Continued:

IN BUCK'S SUB-DIVISION, Las Vegas, Nevada:

All of Lots "J", "K" and "I", (full pavement, curbs and gutters;)
lots One (1) to Four (4), inclusive, and Lots Thirteen (13) to
Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block One (1), (full pavement, curbs
and gutters); lots Five (5) to Eight (8), inclusive, and Nine (9)
to Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block Eight (8) (full pavement,
curbs and gutters); lots One (1) to Four (4) inclusive, and Nine (9)
to Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block Nine (9) (full pavement, curbs
and gutters); an unnumbered lot on the northeast corner of Eighth
Street and Linden Avenue (full pavement, curbs and gutters); Lots
One (1) to Eight (8), inclusive, in Block Eighteen (18), (full pave-
ment, curbs and gutters); lots One (1) to Four (4), inclusive, and
Nine (9) to Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block Seventeen (17) (full
pavement, curbs and gutters); lots One (1) to Four (4), inclusive,
in Block Nineteen (19) (full pavement, curb and gutter); lots Five
(5) to Nine (9), inclusive, in Block Nineteen (19), (full paving
only); Lots Ten (10) and Eleven (11) and the south 100 feet of Lot
Twelve (12), in Block Nineteen (19) (full pavement, curb and gutter);
the north 150 feet of lot Twelve (12), in Block Nineteen (19) (fall
paving only); Lots One (1) to Four (4), inclusive, and Lots Thirteen
(13) to Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block Twenty (20) (full paving
only); lot One (l), in Block Twenty-two (22) (full paving only);
lots One (1) to Five (5), inclusive, in Block Twenty-one (21) (Five
(5) feet paving strip and curb and gutter); Lots Five (5) to Sixteen
(16), inclusive, in Block Fourteen (14) (Five (5) feet paving strip
and curb and gutter; lot "E" (Five (5) feet paving strip and curb
and gutter).		

GRANDVIEW ADDITION, Las Vegas, Nevada:

Lots One (1) to Eleven (11), inclusive, in Block One (1) (full pavement,
curb and gutter); Lots One (1) to Six (6), inclusive, in Block Three
(3), (full pavement, curb and gutter.)

FAIRVIEW TRACT, Las Vegas, Nevada:

Lots Three (3) to Eight (8), inclusive, and Thirteen (13) to Sixteen
(16), inclusive, in Block Nine (9), (full pavement, curbs and gutters);

Lots Five (5) to eight (8), inclusive, in Block Ten (10), (Full pave-
ment, curbs and gutters); Lots Nine (9) to eleven (11), inclusive, in
Block Eight (8), (full pavement only); lots Twelve (12) to Fourteen (14)
inclusive, in Block Eight (8), (full pavement, curbs and gutters); Lots One
(1) to Eight (8), inclusive, and Lots Thirteen (13) to Sixteen (16), in-
clusive, in Block Seven (7), (full pavement, curbs and gutters); Lots One
(1) to Four (4), inclusive in Block One (1), (full pavement only); Lots
Nine (9) to Twelve (12), inclusive, in Block One (1), (full pavement,
curbs and gutters).

CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Lots Twenty five (25) to Thirty two (32), inclusive, in Block One (1),

(curb and gutter only); lots One (1) to Eight (8), inclusive, and Twenty-
five (25) to Thirty two (32) inclusive, in Block Sixteen (16), (curb and
gutter only); lots one (1) to Eight (8), inclusive, and lots twenty-five
(25) to Thirty two (32), inclusive, in Block Seventeen (17), (curb and
gutter only); lots one (1) to eight (8), inclusive, and lots twenty-five
(25) to thirty-two (32) inclusive, in Block Thirty-two (32), (curb and
gutter only); lots One (1) to Eight (8), inclusive, and lots Twenty-five
(25) to Thirty-two (32) inclusive, in Block Thirty-three (33), (curb and
gutter only).

PARKVIEW ADDITION, Las Vegas, Nevada:

Lots Seventeen (17) to Twenty-four (24), inclusive, in Block One (1)

(curb and gutter only); Lots Nine (9) to Twenty-four (24) inclusive,
in Block Two (2), (curb and gutter only).

THAT CERTAIN UNNUMBERED BLOCK, adjoining Parkview Addition, and having 140 feet
frontage on the north side of Stewart Street between Main Street and the
Alley between Main Street and First Street (curb and gutter only).

THAT CERTAIN BLOCK OF GROUND, owned by the Union Pacific Railroad Company, having
124 feet frontage on the north side of Linden Avenue between Fifth Street
and the north boundary line of Buck's Sub-division (full pavement, curb and
gutter.)

SOUTH ADDITION, Las Vegas, Nevada:

Lots Seventeen (17) to Thirty-two (32), inclusive, in Block One (1),

(full pavement, curbs and gutters); Lots Seventeen (17) to Thirty-two
(32), inclusive, in Block Two (2), (full pavement, curbs and gutters);
lots Seventeen (17) to Thirty-two (32), inclusive, in Block Three (3),

(full pavement, curbs and gutters); Lots Twenty-five (25) to Thirty-two
(32), inclusive, in Block Four (4), (full pavement, curbs and gutters;)
lots One (1) to Thirty-two (32) inclusive, in Block Six (6), (full pave-
ment, curbs and gutters;) lots One (1) to thirty-two (32) inclusive, in
Block Seven (7). (full pavement, curbs and gutters;) lots One (1) to
thirty-two, (32), inclusive, in Block Eight (8), (full pavement, curbs
and gutters); lots One (1) to Eight (8), inclusive, and Lots Twenty-five
(25) to Thirty-two (32), inclusive, in Block Nine (9), (full pavement,
curbs and gutters); Lots One (1) to Thirty-two (32), inclusive, in Block
Eleven (11), (full pavement, curbs and gutters); lots One (l) to Thirty-
two (32), inclusive, in Block Twelve (12), (full pavement, curbs and gutters);
ORDINANCE NO. 241, Continued:

Lots One (1) to Thirty-two (32), inclusive, in Block Thirteen (13),

(full pavement, curbs and gutters); lots one (1) to eight (8), in-
clusive, and lots twenty-five (25) to Thirty-two (32), inclusive,
in Block Fourteen (14), (full pavement, curbs and gutters); Lots one

(1)	to Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block Fifteen (15), (full-pavement,
curbs and gutters); lots Seventeen (17) to Thirty-two (32), inclusive,
in Block Fifteen (15),(curb and gutter and five (5) feet strip of pav-
ing on Fourth Street and curb and gutter and full paving on Gass Street;
lots one (1) to Sixteen (16), inclusive in Block Sixteen (16), (full
pavement, curbs and gutters): lots Seventeen (17) to Twenty-four (24),
inclusive, in Block Sixteen (16), (curb and gutter and five (5) feet
strip of paving on Fourth Street and curb and gutter and full paving
on Hoover Street); lots twenty-five (25) to Twenty-seven (27), in-
clusive, in Block Sixteen (16), and Lots Thirty (30) to Thirty-two (32)
inclusive, in Block Sixteen (16), (Five (5) feet paving strip on Fourth
Street and full paving on Gass Street): Lots Twenty-eight (28) and
Twenty-nine (29), in Block Sixteen (16), (Five (5) feet paving strip
and curb and gutter on Fourth Street and full paving on Gass Street);
Lots One (1) to Twenty-eight (28), inclusive, and the south half of
lot Twenty nine (29) in Block-Seventeen (17), (full paving, curbs and
gutters); north half of Lot Twenty nine (29), and lots Thirty (30) to
Thirty two (32),inclusive, in Block Seventeen (17),(full paving only);
lots One (1) to Seven (7), inclusive, in Block Eighteen (18), and lots
Twenty-nine to Thirty two (32), inclusive, in Block Eighteen (18), (full
paving, curbs and gutters): lots One (1) to Eight (8), inclusive, in
Block Nineteen (19) (Five (5) feet paving strip and curbs and gutters);
lots Nine (9) to twenty four (24), inclusive, in Block Nineteen (19),
(curbs and gutters and five (5) feet paving strip on Fourth Street and
on Fifth Street and full paving on Gass Street); lots One (1) to Thirty
two (32) inclusive, in Block Twenty (20), (curb and gutter all around
the block, Five (5) feet paving strip on Fifth Street and full pavement
on Gass Street and Hoover Street); lots One (1) to Thirty one (31), in-
clusive, in Block Twenty one (21), (curbs and gutters all way around the
block, Five (5) feet paving strip on Fifth Street and full pavement on
Hoover Street, Fourth Street, Coolidge Street and Charleston Boulevard);
all of Block Twenty two (22) (full pavement, curbs and gutters); lots -
One (1) to Twenty-four (24), inclusive, in Block Twenty five (25),

(curbs and gutters and Five (5) feet paving strip on Fifth Street, and
curbs and gutters and full paving on Gass Street); lots One (1) to
Thirty two (32), inclusive, in Block Twenty six (26), (curbs and gutters
and Five (5) feet paving strip on Fifth Street and curbs and gutters
and full pavement on Gass Street and Hoover Street); lots One (1) to
Ten (10), inclusive, in Block Twenty seven (27), and lots Twenty six
(26) to Thirty two (32) inclusive, in Block Twenty seven (27), (curbs
and gutters and Five (5) feet paving strip on Fifth Street, and curb
and gutter and full paving on Hoover Street); lots Nine (9) to Twenty
nine (29), inclusive, in Block Thirty (30), (full pavement, curbs and
gutters); lots Thirty (30) to Thirty two (32), inclusive, in Block
Thirty (30), (full paving only); lots One (1) to Thirty two (32), in-
clusive, in Block Thirty one (31), (full pavement, curbs and gutters);
All of Block Thirty two (32), (curbs and gutters on Charleston Boule-
vard, and curbs and gutters and full pavement on Hoover Street); lots
Four (4) to Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block Thirty Three (33), and
an unnumbered lot in Block Thirty three (33), (full pavement, curbs
and gutters); lots One (1) to Thirteen (13), inclusive, in Block Thirty
four (34), and Lots Twenty five (25) to Thirty two (32), inclusive, in
Block Thirty four (34), (full pavement, curbs and gutters on Gass Street,
Seventh Street and Charleston Boulevard).

PARK PLACE, Las Vegas, Nevada:

Lots "C" and "D" (full pavement, curbs and gutters).

THAT PORTION OF THE WILLIAM S. PARK TRACT OF LAND, fronting on Charleston

Boulevard, and to a depth of approximately 368 feet, which said tract
is situate immediately east of Park Place, (curbs and gutters and full
pavement).

WARDIE ADDITION, Las Vegas, Nevada:

Lots Nine (9) to Thirty two (32), inclusive in Block Ten (10), (full
pavement, curbs and gutters on Eighth Street and on Bonneville Street);
lots One (1) to Thirty two (32), inclusive, in Block Eleven (11), (full
pavement and curbs and gutters on Bonneville Street and on Eighth
Street, and on Garces Street), lots One (1) to Twenty six (26), in-
clusive, in Block Twelve (12), (full pavement, curbs and gutters); all
of Block "B", (full pavement, curbs and gutters on Gass Street); lots
One (1) to Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block Fourteen (14), (full pave-
ment, curbs and gutters on Eighth Street and on Garces Street); lots
Twenty five (25) and Twenty six (26), in Block Fourteen (14), (full
pavement, curbs and gutters on Garces Street); lots Twenty seven (27)
to Thirty two (32), inclusive, in Block Fourteen (14), (full pavement,
curbs and gutters on Ninth Street and on Garces Street); lots One (1)
to Thirty two (32) inclusive, in Block Fifteen (15), (full pavement,
curbs and gutters); lots One (l) to Thirty two (32), inclusive, in
Block Sixteen (16), full pavement, curbs and gutters); lots Nine (9)
to Thirty two (32) inclusive, in Block Seventeen (17), (full pavement
curbs and gutters on Clark Street and on Ninth Street); lots One (1)
to Seven (7), inclusive, in Block Eighteen (18), (full pavement, curbs
and gutters on Bridger Street and on Ninth Street); all of Block "F",
ORDINANCE NO. 241 Continued:

(full pavement, curbs and gutters); Lots One (1) to Five (5), inclus-
ive, in Block Nineteen (19), (full pavement only): lots Six (6) to
Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block Nineteen (19), (full pavement, curbs
and gutters); lots One (1) to Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block Twenty

(20), (full pavement, curbs and gutters); lots One (1) to Six (6), in-
clusive, in Block Twenty one, (21), (full pavement, curbs and gutters
on Ninth Street).

PIONEER HEIGHTS, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Lots Eleven (11) to Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block Three (3), (curbs
and gutters and five (5) feet strip of paving ); lots Twenty five (25)
to Thirty two (32), inclusive, in Block Three (3), (full pavement and
curbs and gutters on Carson Street); lots One (1) and Two (2) in Block
Twenty nine (29), (curbs and gutters and Five (5) feet strip of paving);

Lots One (1) to Thirty two (32), inclusive, in Block Five (5), (curbs
and gutters and Five (5) feet strip of paving on Carson Street and on
Ninth Street, and full pavement and curbs and gutters on Bridger Street;)

Lots One (1) to Sixteen (16) inclusive, in Block Six (6), curbs and gut-
ters and Five (5) feet paving strip on Ninth Street, and on Carson Street);
Lots Seventeen (17) to Twenty four (24), inclusive, in Block Six (6),

(curbs and gutters and full paving on Carson Street); lots One (1) to
Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block Twelve (12), (full pavement, curbs and
gutters bn Ninth Street); lots One (1) to Seven (7), inclusive, in Block
Thirteen (13), and lots Seventeen (17), to Thirty two (32), inclusive,
in Block Thirteen (13),(full pavement, curbs and gutters on Bridger Street
and on Ninth Street); lots One (1) to Sixteen (16), inclusive, in Block
Fourteen (14), (full pavement, curbs and gutters on Ninth Street and on
Clark Street).

Section 2. That this district, area and improvements described in Section 1 hereof
shall be known as and called "Las Vegas 1938 Improvement District No. 4".

Section 3. That the costs and expenses of making such improvements as is described
in Section 1 of this Ordinance shall be paid as follows: Approximately fifty-five
per cent (55%) thereof shall be paid from funds raised by Special Assessment upon
the lots of land and premises herein described, according to benefits, upon the
taxable lots and abutting premises situate in the Special Assessment District
hereby created, and approximately forty-five per cent (45%) of the said costs and
expenses shall be paid from funds granted by the United States Government to the
City of Las Vegas for the purpose of aiding in the constructing of the said im-
provements.

Section 4. That the Ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas shall hereafter,
by ordinance, be empowered and authorized and directed to prepare a special assess-
ment roll, which shall include the lots and premises herein described, and the
owners, as provided for in the City Charter of the City of Las Vegas. After said
special assessment roll as heroin provided for shall have been prepared and sub-
mitted, it shall be reported to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
and thereafter it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk and numbered, and
notice thereof, as provided in the City Charter, shall be given to all persons
whose names appear thereon, and to all persons interested, of the time when said
Board of Commissioners and Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review the assess-
ment at which time the said Board of Commissioners shall hear any and all sugges-
tions and objections that may be filed against the said assessment, and shall at
that, or some adjourned meeting, correct the same or confirm it as reported or
corrected, or they may refer it back to the Ex-officio City Assessor for revision,
or annul it and direct a new assessment, and proceed as in the City Charter dir-
ected, until the same shall be confirmed by the Board of Commissioners; when said
assessment roll has been confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, the City Clerk
shall make an endorsement upon the said assessment roll showing the date of con-
firmation as provided in the Charter and shall thereupon deliver said roll, as
confirmed by the Board of Commissioners with his certificate of such confirmation
and of the date thereof, to the County Assessor, acting ex-officio as City Ass-
essor, and the said County Assessor, acting ex-officio as City Assessor, shall
thereupon, without extra compensation record the said assessment roll as in the
Charter provided, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such record-
ing. Whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the
contents of the same and when said roll is so endorsed and recorded, it shall be
prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all pro-
ceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of said assess-
ments and assessment roll, by the Board of Commissioners. After the said special
assessment roll has been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts levied
thereon, shall be due and payable and shall constitute and be a lien upon the
respective lots and parcels of land and improvements assessed, and shall be
charged against the persons and properties until paid.

Section 5. That if, after the expiration of fifty days from the date of the
recording of the said special assessment roll, as hereinbefore provided, there
remains unpaid any of the special assessments against any of the lots or pre-
mises hereinbefore mentioned, the Board of Commissioners, shall, within a
reasonable time, thereafter, pass an Ordinance directing the issuance of bonds
for the amount of the said taxes or assessments remaining unpaid by the said
property owner, at the expiration of the said fifty days from the date of the
confirmation and recording of the assessment roll, fixing the form of bond, de-
claring the amount remaining unpaid, denominations and interest, and lots or
parcels of land against which the said assessments remaining unpaid, in whole 
ORDINANCE NO. 241 Continued:

portions thereof, shall thereafter be paid as follows: In equal annual install-
ments, provided, however, that the first installment may be for a greater or
lesser amount than the remaining installments; each of said installments shall
bear interest from the end of said fifty days until due, at the same rate of
interest as shall be fixed by Ordinance; such installments and interest thereon
shall be and remain a lien upon the said lots and parcels of land and premises
until paid; said installments and the interest thereon may be collected in the
same manner as other delinquent assessments, and the Board of Commissioners in
the ordinance directing the issuance of said bonds may provide that the unpaid
assessments, and portions thereof, and the interest thereon, shall be placed on
the State and County Tax Roll and be collected in the same manner and at the
same time as other State and County general taxes are collected, and direct the
officers of the County to collect the same.

Section 6. That as soon as the said special assessment roll, as provided for in
Section 3 of this ordinance, shall have been confirmed and recorded, the several
amounts contained therein and levied on and against the properties therein, shall
be due and payable at once, and shall be paid to the County Treasurer and Ex-
officio Tax Receiver of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, Ex-officio Treasurer
and Tax Receiver of the City of Las Vegas, and be by that officer paid into and
credited to the Special Fund to be known as and called "Las Vegas 1938 Improvement
District No. 4" and all costs and expenses incurred in making said improvements,
as in this ordinance contained, shall be charged to and paid out of said fund.
Provided, however, that in the event it becomes necessary to draw on the General
Fund of the City of Las Vegas to defray any of the costs and expenses of making
any of said improvements, except as otherwise provided for by the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas, that the said General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of
funds from said "Las Vegas 1938 Improvement District No. 4" as soon as the fin-
ancial condition of same will permit. And provided further that where there shall
be lands belonging to the City, or public ground not taxable, abutting on such
improvements, or such improvements shall be made upon interior squares or spaces,
formed by the intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys, general bonds
of the City of Las Vegas may be issued under proper procedure taken therefor by
the Board of Commissioners to provide funds for the purpose of defraying such
portion of the expenses thereof as the Board of Commissioners shall determine to
be paid from the General Fund or from the proper Street Fund, or District Street
Fund, or partly from each, or to be stood and borne by the City of Las Vegas.

Section 7. This Ordinance shall be and become effective upon its publication
and final passage.

Section 8. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and dir-
ected to cause this Ordinance to be published in the Las Vegas Evening-Review
Journal, a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for a
period of once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first
reading.

This Ordinance was read aloud for the first time, proposed, considered and voted
upon this 19 day of August, 1958. Voting Ayes: Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and
His Honor, the Mayor, H. P. Marble. Voting Nays: None. Abs: Commissioners
Corradetti and Luce.

H. P. MARBLE Mayor
Of the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:

VIOLA BURNS City Clerk
and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas.

(City Seal)

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a recessed regular
meeting held on the 19th day of August, 1958, at which time it was proposed, con-
sidered and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper, published in the City of
Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately
following the first reading. And, it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for
a second time at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 7th day of September,
1958.

Voting Aye; Commissioners Krause, Luce, Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor, H.P.
Marble. Noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

Approved:

Attest:

H. P. MARBLE

VIOLA BURNS	Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

City Clerk
(City Seal)
ORDINANCE NO. 242 was not read for a second time.

ORDINANCE NO. 243

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS LICENSING, FOR PURPOSES OF

REGULATION AND REVENUE, EVERY KIND OF LAWFUL BUSINESS HEREINAFTER SPECIFIED, TRANSACTED
OR CARRIED ON WITHIN THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, STATE OF NEVADA;
FIXING THE RATES OF LICENSE TAX UPON THE SAME AND PROVIDING FOR THE COLLECTION OF SAID
LICENSE TAX, AND A PUNISHMENT FOR CARRYING ON OR CONDUCTING ANY SUCH BUSINESS WITHOUT A
LICENSE, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES NUMBERED 1, 2, 4, 13, 14, 35, 62, 74, 75, 81, 95, 102,
105, 108, 112, 117, 145, 184 and 192.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. The City Clerk must prepare and have printed blank licenses as herein
authorized to be issued.

Section 2. The City Clerk must affix his official seal to, number and sign all

licenses.

Section 3. The City Clerk must keep in his office a Register in which he must
keep account of all licenses issued and delivered by him.

Section 4. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation, club or
association to commence, carry on, engage in, or continue in, in the City of Las Vegas,

State of Nevada, any business, trade, occupation or employment, upon which a license tax is
imposed by the terms and provisions of this ordinance and for which a license tax is re-
quired to be procured by the terms and provisions of this ordinance, without first paying
such license tax and procuring such license as hereinafter provided. Said license shall
authorize the party obtaining the same to transact the business described in such license
in a particular locality in said city. Separate licenses must be obtained for each branch
establishment or separate house of business, and a license must be obtained for every class
and type of business in this ordinance specified, even though several classes or types of
business may be operated by the same person and at the same place of business. Except,
that this provision shall not apply to those classes or types of business hereunder which
pay a percentage license fee upon the volume of business transacted. All licenses, when
payable quarterly, must be taken out in quarters commending on the first day of January,
April, July and October of each year.

Section 5. The City Clerk must make diligent inquiry as to all persons in this
City liable to pay license as provided in this ordinance, and must require each person,
where the license tax depends upon the receipts or amount of business transacted, to state
under oath the probable amount of business which he, or the firm of which he is a member,
or for which he is agent or attorney, or the association or corporation of which he is pres-
ident, secretary or managing agent will do in the next succeeding period for which said
license may be issued, which said amount shall be computed according to the amount of busi-
ness done during the period next preceding the period for which said license may be issued,
unless an extension or enlargement of business is contemplated, and thereupon such person,
agent, president, secretary or other officer must procure a license from the City Clerk for
the term desired, and in the class of which such person is liable to pay; and in all cases
where an under-estimate has been made by the party applying, the party making such under-
estimate, of the company he represents, shall be required to pay for a license for the next
period for which licenses may be issued, double the sum otherwise required.

Section 6. Every person who, at a fixed place of business in the City of Las
Vegas, sells any goods, wares or merchandise, drugs or medicines, jewelry, or wares, or
precious metals, whether on commission or otherwise, or operates any restaurant, steam or
power laundry, garage, automobile service station, newspaper, job printing establishment,
funeral and undertaking establishment, theatre, moving picture show, or manufactures for
sale soda water or any soft drinks, or operates a shoe making, shoe repair or cobbling
shop, a photograph gallery or photo making shop, a blacksmith shop, machine shop, general
repair shop, motor repair shop, bicycle repair shop, clothes cleaning shop, tailoring
establishment, or operates a hospital or clinic, or conducts an auto court or auto courts,
or tourist camp or tourist camps, as defined hereunder, or operates a creamery, or a water
company,	furnishing service to sections of	the City	and having	gross monthly income	of	less

than $3,000.00 per month, must obtain from	the City	Clerk, for	each branch of his	business,

a license, and must pay quarterly therefor an amount of money to be determined by the
class in which said person is placed by the City Clerk; such business to be classified and
regulated by the amount of the average monthly sales made at the rates as follows:

(A)	Where the average monthly sales are Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000)

or less, at the rate of six (6)	mills on	each dollar of such average

monthly sales, provided that in	no event	shall such	quarterly license

tax be less than Six Dollars ($6.)

(B)	Where the average monthly sales are above Five Thousand Dollars
($5,000), at the rate of five (5) mills on each dollar of such aver-
age monthly sales, provided that in no event shall such quarterly
license tax be less than Thirty Dollars ($30) per quarter.

Section 7. Each person, firm or corporation engaged in the telephone business,
telegraph business, or in the business of furnishing and supplying heating or illuminating
gas to others through gas mains, or electrical current for power, lighting, heating or
domestic purposes, or supplies water for domestic purposes to others through water mains,
or operates any other public utility shall pay a quarterly license tax therefor according
to the following schedule per annum: Each telephone company $1,000.00; each gas company
$400.00; each water company $800.00; each electric light company $3,000.00. This provision
shall apply to all persons, firms and corporations conducting the above mentioned businesses
or any of them, whether under permission and regulation of the Public Service Commission
(Ordinance No. 243 Continued)

of the State of Nevada, or otherwise.

This section shall not apply to water companies having monthly gross sales of
less	than $3,000.00, which companies shall	pay tax under	Section	6	of	this	ordinance.

Section 8. The rates of license	tax for the businesses,	trades,	occupations and

employments hereinafter named are hereby fixed in and for the City of Las Vegas and the
same shall be paid by any person engaged in or carrying on the same in said City, as
follows:

(1)	For each hand laundry employing one or more persons, $2.50 per quarter.

(2)	For each insurance agent, or real estate broker, or both, $10.00 per quarter.

(3)	For each shooting gallery, $25.00 per	quarter.

(4)	For each brokerage establishment, $30	per quarter.

(5)	For every banker and bank with a capital of $100,000 or over, (Except National banks),

$30.00 per quarter.

For every banker or bank with a capital of less than $100,000 (except National Banks),
$15.00 per quarter.

(6)	For each skating rink, $20.00 per quarter.

(7)	For each pawn shop, $50.00 per quarter.

(8)	For each employment or intelligence office, $25.00 per quarter.

(10)	For each astrologer, palmist, seer, phrenologist, fortune teller, clairvoyant, or spir-
itualist, who demands and receives a fee for his or her service, $100.00 per day.

(9)	Every person who operates a wrecking yard, junk yard, or out-of-door yard or lot where
used furniture, plumbing or other second hand materials or merchandise are stored for
sale, shall pay a license fee of $50.00 per quarter. This section shall include

all out-of-door lots or yards upon which two or more used cars, not in condition to
operate under their own power, are permitted to remain for a period of thirty days or
longer.

(9A) Every person who operates a used car lot, containing only cars capable of being moved
under their own power, shall pay a license fee of $10.00 per quarter, provided,
that without paying such license fee, one such lot may be maintained by each person
or firm who holds a state license as a new or used car dealer. The word "car" as
used in this section shall mean any automobile or gasoline propelled vehicle.

(11)	For each merry-go-round or carousel, $5.00 per day.

(12)	Any proprietor, lessee or manager of any traveling show, traveling skating rink,
circus, hippodrome, menagerie, or carnival intending to exhibit in the open air or
under a tent or in any public hall, club room, assembly hall or theatre, where mov-
able scenery and theatrical appliances are used, any performance or exhibition in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall pay to the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas,
the sum $100.00 as a license fee for the privilege of showing and exhibiting such
traveling show, traveling skating rink, circus, hippodrome, menagerie or carnival
for each day; and upon payment therefor said City Clerk shall issue license for the
day or number of days so paid for.

Provided that nothing in this section contained shall be deemed or construed to re-
quire the holder of a theatre license to procure any additional license to conduct,
maintain or carry on any theatrical or vaudeville performance when such performance
is conducted at any such theatre so licensed.

(13)	For each patent medicine agency, $25.00 per quarter.

(14)	For each boot black stand permitted by Ordinance of the City, $3.00 per quarter.

(15)	For each lawyer, whether connected with or as a member of a firm, or practicing by
himself, $10.00 per quarter.

(16)	For each physician and/or surgeon, whether connected with a firm or hospital, or
practicing by himself, $10.00 per quarter.

(17)	For each dentist, whether connected with or as a member of a firm, or practicing by
himself, $10.00 per quarter.

(18)	For each hotel, lodging house or rooming house, $5 per quarter for from four to eight
guest rooms; from eight to eighteen guest rooms, $10.00 per quarter; from eighteen

to thirty guest rooms, $20.00 per quarter; from thirty to fifty guest rooms, $30.00
per quarter; from fifty to eighty guest rooms, $40 per quarter; above eighty guest
rooms, $50.00 per quarter.

Every person, firm or association or corporation engaged in the business of keeping
or conducting an apartment house in the City of Las Vegas, shall pay for and obtain
a quarterly license to carry on such business as per schedule hereinafter recited in
this subdivision, namely: Those who have four (4) apartments and not exceeding
eight apartments shall pay for such license the sum of $10.00 per quarter. And those
who have nineteen apartments and not exceeding thirty-eight apartments, shall pay for such
license the sum of $40.00 per quarter; those who have thirty-nine apartments and over
shall pay for such license the sum of $60.00 per quarter.

(19)	For each dray and express and warehouse business, or either, $7.50 per quarter for
the first rig, and five dollars ($5) per quarter for each additional rig, used in
such business; but warehouse businesses without rigs shall pay $7.50 per quarter.

(20) Every person, firm or corporation who operates a truck or fleet of trucks which shall
come into the City of Las Vegas to receive merchandise for delivery outside the city,
or which shall bring merchandise into the City of Las Vegas from outside, and make
deliveries of merchandise within the City, shall pay a quarterly license tax of $15.00
per quarter upon the first truck and $10.00 per quarter for each additional truck.

(21)	Every person operating a billiard hall or billiard room shall pay for the first bil-
liard table or pool table in any such establishment, $7.00 per quarter for the first
table and $4.00 per quarter for each additional billiard table or pool table.

(22)	Every person who shall operate a bowling alley within said City of Las Vegas, shall
pay the sum of $7.50 per quarter for the first alley and the sum of $5.00 per quarter
for each additional alley in said establishment.

(23)	For each traveling optometrist and/or oculist, who does not hold and exhibit an existing
license from the State of Nevada, to practice as such, $100.00 per day.
(Ordinance No. 243 Continued)

For each optometrist and/or oculist holding such license, $10.00 per quarter.

(24)	For each barber shop, $5.00 per quarter for the first barber chair operated and $3.00
per quarter for each additional barber chair operated.

(25)	For the business of dealing in second hand goods, wares or merchandise of any kind,
character or description where, as a part of such transaction, a contract or agree-
ment is made, or an undertaking, verbal, written or otherwise, had with the vendor to
re-sell to him the same goods, wares or merchandise or to sell other goods, wares or
merchandise in their place or stead, then and in case of such agreement, as aforesaid,
a license tax of $50.00 per quarter shall be paid.

(26)	Every person, firm or corporation who ships into and sells in the City of Las Vegas,
any bankrupt, assigned or damaged stock of goods, wares, merchandise, drugs, jewelry,
drygoods, boots and shoes, clothing, hardware, groceries, furniture or other stock
or merchandise, shall pay a license of $300.00 per quarter or fraction thereof.

(27)	For every traveling merchant, hawker, peddler or vendor, street faker or advertiser
who advertises goods, wares or merchandise of any kind by music, singing or dancing,
jugglery, tricks, sleight of hand, buffoonery, gymnastics or any spectacular display,
show or performance, or by speeches or oratory, or by any performance upon the streets
calculated to draw a crowd of people about those calling or advertising wares, as
aforesaid, shall pay a license in the sum of $25.00 per day, and shall also secure a
permit to occupy street space as required by other ordinances of the City.

(28)	For each sewing machine agent, $10.00 per quarter.

(29) For each vulcanizing business operated as a separate business, $5.00 per quarter.

(30) For each auctioneer, $125.00 per quarter or fraction thereof.

(31)	For each Architect. $10.00 per quarter.

(32)	For each assayer, $10.00 per quarter.

(33)	For each massage parlor, $10.00 per quarter.

(34)	For each trade college, trade school, business school, or business college, where in-
structions are given in any trade or occupation for which a fee is charged, $10.00
per quarter.

(35)	For each certified public accountant or independent public accountant, $40.00 per
annum. For the purpose of this ordinance an independent public accountant is defined
as a person who does bookkeeping or accounting work for two or more persons, firms

or corporations, or who prepares or assists in preparing income tax returns for two
or more persons, firms or corporations, other than himself.

(36)	For each chiropodist, $10.00 per quarter.

(37) For each drugless practitioner, provided, however, that this subdivision shall not
apply to persons who treat the sick through prayer or spiritual means, $10.00 per
quarter.

(38)	For each chiropractor $10.00 per quarter.

(39)	For each osteopath, $10.00 per quarter.

(40)	For each advertising business or advertising counsel, $10.00 per quarter.

(41)	For each collection agency or mercantile agency, $10.00 per quarter.

(42)	For each designer or decorator, $10.00 per quarter.

(43)	For each building contractor, $60.00 per annum, paid annually.

(44)	For each person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on the business
of paving or macadamizing contractor, $50.00 per quarter.

(45)	Any other contractor not specifically licensed by this or any other ordinance of the
City of Las Vegas, $60.00 per annum, paid annually.

(46) For each cabinet shop, carpenter shop or up-holstery shop, $5.00 per quarter.

(47) For each nursery where plants, flowers, ferns, trees or other plants are cultivated,
grown or propogated for the purpose of sale, $3.00 per quarter.

(48)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of a cold storage or
refrigeration plant for the purpose of storing fruits, vegetables, meats, fish,
eggs or dairy products, or any other merchandise, shall pay a quarterly license fee
of $1.00 for each 1,000 square feet of floor area, or fraction thereof, with a min-
imum quarterly tax of $10.00.

(49)	Every person, with a fixed place of business within the City of Las Vegas, who
engages in the business of renting or selling outdoor advertising space, whether
bill board or electrical signs, shall pay a quarterly license fee of three and one-
half cents ($.03½) per square yard of the front surface with a minimum quarterly
license of $12.50.

Every person who comes into the City of Las Vegas to lease or distribute electrical
signs or place them in use by any local business person, whether by lease, sale, or
conditional sale contract, shall pay a quarterly license fee therefor in the sum of
$5.00 for each sign so placed, provided that in no event shall the minimum quarterly
license fee be less than $20.00 per quarter. And such license tax shall be required
for each and every quarter as long as the particular sign or signs in question remain
the property of such distributor or until the title to such sign shall have completely
passed to the business person in said City of Las Vegas to whom the same has been
sold or leased or with whom the same has been placed.

(50)	For each locksmith, $6.00 per quarter, which license fee shall be paid in addition
to the license tax upon any other business operated by such person, if he operates
any other business.

(51)	For each person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of house moving a
quarterly license fee of $25.00 shall be paid, and in addition thereto, he shall
maintain on deposit with the City Clerk a bond in the penal sum of $1,000 executed
by a surety company authorized to do business in the State of Nevada for the then
current year, indemnifying the City against injury or damage to pavements or other
public property, and all other persons, firms or corporations, against injury or
damage to person or property occurring while any house is being moved into, along or
off any public street. In the event of a recovery by said City or any private person,
firm or corporation on said bond, the said bond or a similar substitute shall be

 restored immediately to said penal sum of $1,000.

(52)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of house wrecking or
salvaging, shall pay a quarterly license fee of $12.50 per quarter.

(53)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of a natatorium or
swimming pool or tank, where a fee or charge is made for the use thereof, or where
rooms, lockers or bathing suits are rented in connection therewith, shall pay an
annual license fee of $50.00.

(54)	Every automobile ticket agency or transportation agency, except when conducted by
the owner of the transportation agency line, shall pay a quarterly license fee of
$7.50 per quarter. And such license fee shall be paid for such business even though
(Ordinance No. 243 Continued)

the person conducting such business or paying such license fee may at the same time and
in the same place, operate another business.

(55)	For every public stenographer, $5 per quarter. For the purpose of this subdivision,
a public stenographer is defined to be a person who makes a business of typing

for the general public or for persons other than himself or his immediate permanent
employer.

(56)	For each insurance adjuster or insurance adjusting agency, $10.00 per quarter,
except that this subdivision shall not apply to regular insurance agents adjusting
losses for their own companies.

(57)	For each automobile reclaiming agency, $5.00 per quarter.

(58)	For each bail bond broker or bail bond brokerage business, $25.00 per quarter.

(59)	For each painting or decorating contractor, $50.00 per annum.

(60)	For each amusement park charging admission to the grounds, $5.00 per quarter.

(61)	For each private detective agency, bureau or business, $25.00 per quarter.

(62)	For each abstract and/or title company doing business, maintaining an agency, or
operating in the City of Las Vegas, $25.00 per quarter.

(63)	For each brick yard, pressed brick plant, or adobe or concrete block manufacturing
plant, $40.00 per annum.

(64)	For each marble and/or granite workers' shop, $5.00 per quarter.

(65)	For each planing mill allowed by law, $5.00 per quarter.

(66)	For each automobile painting and/or sign painting establishment, $25.00 per annum.

(67)	For each welding and/or iron works, $15.00 per quarter.

(63)	For each hair dressing or beauty parlor, or both, whether operated in connection
with a barber shop or separately, $20.00 per quarter.

(69)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of distributing adver-
tising samples, hand bills, dodgers or printed matter of any kind, shall pay a
quarterly license fee of $3.00 per quarter.

(70)	For each finance company, the sum of $20.00 per quarter. For the purpose of this
subdivision, a finance company is defined to be any person, firm or corporation
other than banks, who makes a business of loaning to others for profit and who holds
himself out to the general public as such.

(71)	Every person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on any business
not specifically licensed by this ordinance or any other ordinance of the City of
Las Vegas, shall pay a quarterly license fee of $25.00 per quarter.

For the purpose of this ordinance, an auto court or tourist camp is defined as a
place, other than a regular hotel or apartment house, where sleeping accommodations in
small buildings are rented to the general public, and whenever more than two cabins or
small buildings are situated in close proximity to each other and are owned or operated by
the same person and are rented to the general public, either by the day, week, month or
year, and whether to transients or permanent residents of the City of Las Vegas, the same
shall be considered to be a tourist camp or auto court.

Nothing in this ordinance contained shall be deemed or construed as applying to any
person engaged in any of the professions or occupations hereinbefore enumerated solely as
an employee of any other person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on
any such business in the City of Las Vegas, unless specifically so provided herein.



Section 9. The license tax imposed by this ordinance shall be deemed a debt due
to said City of Las Vegas, from and against any person who commences, carries on,
engages in or conducts, in said City, any business, occupation, trade or employment upon
which a license tax is herein imposed, or for the commencing, engaging in, carrying on
or conducting, for which a license is hereby required to be procured, without first having
paid said license tax and procured said license according to the terms and provisions
of this ordinance, and such person shall be liable in a civil action in the name of said
City of Las Vegas, Plaintiff, in any Court of competent jurisdiction, for the recovery
of the amount of license tax imposed by this ordinance, and for the costs of suit.

Section 10. The license tax imposed by this ordinance shall become due and payable,
and be paid without demand therefor, in lawful money of the United States of America
to the City Clerk.

Section 11. Every license fee required hereunder which is not paid within a period
of fifteen days from the time the same becomes due and payable is hereby declared to
be delinquent and the City Clerk shall thereupon add to said license fee and collect,
before issuing such license, a penalty of ten per cent of such license fee so delinquent
(but not in any case less than fifty cents) and such penalty may also be recovered
in any civil action brought in the name of the City of Las Vegas for the recovery of
the amount of license tax imposed by this ordinance. Provided, however, that the City
Clerk during each current quarter, at least ten days before the next succeeding quarter,
shall deposit in the United States Post Office at Las Vegas, Nevada, postage prepaid
thereon, a written or printed notice directed to each person appearing upon the license
tax roll for the current quarter calling attention to the fact that the license fee for
the next succeeding quarter will be due at the time provided in this ordinance and of
the amount thereof, if readily ascertainable, and that the penalty herein provided will
be exacted unless paid within the time required by this ordinance. Said City Clerk shall
also within ten days after the first day of such succeeding quarter mail a written or
printed notice to each person appearing upon the license tax roll for said preceding
quarter, who has not paid such license fee, notifying them that unless said license fee
is paid within fifteen days after the first day of such quarter such penalty will be col-
lected in addition to the license fee. Proof of actual receipt of any such notice shall
be in no case required.

Section 12. Every person, having a license under the provisions of this ordinance
and carrying on a business at a fixed place of business shall keep such license posted
and exhibited while in force, in some conspicuous place in said place of business. Every
person having such license and not having a fixed place of business shall carry such
license with him at all times while carrying on the business for which the same is granted.
(Ordinance No. 243 Continued)

Section 13. All licenses granted under this ordinance, or any section thereof, are
granted and accepted by all parties receiving said licenses with the express understanding
that the Board of City Commissioners may revoke the same at any time if any of the
conditions of the license or terms of this ordinance have been violated, or if the license
was obtained by fraudulent representations, or the holder of such license is an unfit
person to be trusted with the privileges granted by said license; provided, however,
that no license shall be revoked without giving the holder thereof an opportunity to
appear before the Board in his own behalf. On revocation of the license no part of the
money paid therefor shall be returned, but such license fee shall be forfeited to the City.

Section 14. Ordinances 1, 2, 4, 13, 14, 35, 62, 74, 75, 81, 95, 102, 105, 108, 112,
117, 145, 184 and 192 are hereby expressly repealed.

Section 15. Nothing in this ordinance contained shall be construed so as to repeal,
amend or affect in any wise those other ordinances of the City of Las Vegas regulating and
licensing the sale of intoxicating liquor, and regulating and licensing the operation
of gambling games and devices, including slot machines and vending machines in the City
of Las Vegas.

Section 16. Any person violating any of the terms or provisions of this ordinance
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by
a fine not to exceed	three	hundred dollars ($300) or by imprisonment in the	City	jail	for

a term not to exceed	ninety days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 17. By reason of the fact that it appears from a recent decision of the
Supreme Court of the	State	of Nevada and from a recent meeting of the Nevada Tax	Com-
mission, that the tax levy	of the City of Las Vegas for the year 1938 is to	be materially

reduced, by the said Tax Commission and that the said City of Las Vegas will not have
available the necessary money to carry on its governmental functions and render the public
service outlined, required and necessary for the balance of the year and for the future,
and that said City of Las Vegas is now without sufficient funds for said purposes, an
emergency is hereby declared to exist and this ordinance is hereby declared to be and is
proposed, adopted and passed as an emergency ordinance, and the same shall take effect
and be in force immediately upon its passage and all license fees herein mentioned for the
last quarter of the year 1938 shall be paid to the City Clerk under the rates and in the
amounts specified in this ordinance.

Section 18. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published
in the Las Vegas Review, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a
period of two weeks.

H. P. Marble
Mayor

ATTEST:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and, by and with
the unanimous consent of the whole board of Commissioners, was adopted and passed as an
emergency ordinance this 26th day of September, A.D., 1938, by the following vote: Com-
missioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor, the Mayor, H. P. Marble,
voting aye. Voting No, none.

Viola Burns
CITY CLERK.

(See Page 109 for Affidavit of Publication of Ordinance No. 243)

ORDINANCE NO. 244

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS LICENSING, FOR PURPOSES OF REGULATION
AND REVENUE EVERY KIND OF LAWFUL BUSINESS HEREINAFTER SPECIFIED, TRANSACTED
OR CARRIED ON WITHIN THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, STATE
OF NEVADA: FIXING THE RATES OF LICENSE TAX UPON THE SAME AND PROVIDING FOR
THE COLLECTION OF SAID LICENSE TAX, AND A PUNISHMENT FOR CARRYING ON OR CON-
DUCTING ANY SUCH BUSINESS WITHOUT A LICENSE, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES NUMBERED

1,	2, 4, 13, 14, 35, 48, 62, 74, 75, 81, 95, 102, 105, 108, 112, 117, 145,

184, 192 and 243.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. The City Clerk must prepare and have printed blank licenses as herein
authorized to be issued.

Section 2. The City Clerk must affix his official seal to, number and sign all licen-
ses.

Section 3. The City Clerk must keep in his office a Register in which he must keep
account of all licenses issued and delivered by him.

Section 4. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation, club or assoc-
iation to commence, carry on, engage in, or continue in, in the City of Las Vegas, State
of Nevada, any business, trade, occupation or employment, upon which a license tax is
imposed by the terms and provisions of this ordinance and for which a license tax is re-
quired to be procured by the terms and provisions of this ordinance, without first paying
such license tax and procuring such license as hereinafter provided. Said license shall
authorize the party obtaining the same to transact the business described in such license
Amended Repealed

NO. PAGE TITLE	By_____ By_________

198

199

An Ordinance regulating the distribution
of Beer, wine or other beverages which
are now or may hereafter be authorized
by the laws of the United States to be
sold or distributed; regulating places
where and conditions under which such liquors
or beverages may be sold or otherwise
distributed; providing for the issuance
of permits and licenses and the imposing
of taxes; and repealing all ordinances or
parts of ordinances in conflict therewith

An ordinance to amend Section LXXXXIV
of

(Ordinance No. 244 Continued)

in a particular locality in said city. Separate licenses must be obtained for each branch
establishment or separate house of business, and a license must be obtained for every
class and type of business in this ordinance specified, even though several classes or
types of business may be operated by the same person and at the same place of business,
except that this provision shall not apply to those classes or types of business hereunder
which shall fall within and pay license under Section Six (6) of this Ordinance.

All licenses, when payable quarterly, must be taken out in quarterly periods commencing
on the first day of January, April, July, and October of each year; and when application
for license is made subsequent to any of the above dates, the license which issues there-
on shall be issued for the then current quarterly period unless some other and different
quarterly period is particularly mentioned in said application. No license fee for less
than a full quarterly period shall be accepted by the City Clerk upon any application.

All licenses, when payable annually, must be taken out for the calendar year commen-
cing January first, and when application for an annual license is made subsequent to
January first of any year, the license which issues thereon shall be issued for the then
current, calendar year unless some other and different year is particularly mentioned
in said application. No license fee for less than a full year shall be accepted by the
City Clerk upon any application for an annual license.

Section 5. The City Clerk must make diligent inquiry as to all persons in this City
liable to pay license as provided in this ordinance, and must require each person, where
the license tax depends upon the receipts or amount of business transacted, to state
under oath the probable amount of business which he, or the firm of which he is a
member, or for which he is agent or attorney, or the association or corporation of which
he is president, secretary or managing agent will do in the next succeeding period for
which said license may be issued, which said amount shall be computed according to the
amount of business done during the period next preceding the period for which said
license may be issued, unless an extension or enlargement of business is contemplated,
and thereupon such person, agent, president, secretary or other officer must procure a
license from the City Clerk for the term desired, and in the class of which such person
is liable to pay; and in all cases where an underestimate has been made by the party
applying, the party making such under-estimate, or the company he represents, shall be
required to pay for a license for the next period for which licenses may be issued,
double the sum otherwise required.

Section 6. Every person who, at a fixed place of business in the City of Las Vegas,
sells any goods, wares or merchandise, drugs or medicines, jewelry, or wares, or precious
metals, whether on commission or otherwise, or operates any restaurant, steam or power
laundry, garage, automobile service station, automobile sales agency, newspaper, job
printing establishment, funeral and undertaking establishment, theatre, moving picture
show, or manufactures for sale soda water or any soft drinks, or operates a shoe making,
shoe repair or cobbling shop, a photograph gallery or photo making shop, a blacksmith
shop, machine shop, general repair shop, motor repair shop, bicycle repair shop, clothes
cleaning shop, tailoring establishment, or operates a hospital or clinic, or operates a
creamery, or a water company, furnishing service to sections of the City and having gross
monthly income of less than $3,000.00 per month must obtain from the City Clerk for each
branch of his business, a license, and must pay quarterly therefor an amount of money to
be determined by the class in which said person is placed by the City Clerk; such busi-
ness to be classified and regulated by the amount of the average monthly sales made at
the rates as follows:

(A)	Where the average monthly sales are under the sum of One Thousand Dollars,
the sum of Five Dollars per quarter.

(B)	Where the average monthly sales are One Thousand Dollars and over, but are
under Two Thousand Dollars, the sum of Nine Dollars per quarter.

(C)	Where the average monthly sales are Two Thousand Dollars and over, but are under
Three Thousand Dollars, the sum of Fifteen Dollars per quarter.

(D)	Where the average monthly sales are Three Thousand Dollars and over, but are

under Four	Thousand Dollars,	the sum	of Twenty-one Dollars per quarter.

(E)	Where the average	monthly	sales are Four Thousand	Dollars and	over,	tut	are

under Five	Thousand Dollars,	the sum	of Twenty-seven Dollars	per quarter.

(F)	Where the average	monthly	sales are Five Thousand	Dollars and	over,	but	are

under Seventy-five Hundred Dollars, the sum of Thirty-three Dollars per quarter.

(G)	Where the average monthly sales are Seventy-five Hundred Dollars and over, but
are under Fifteen Thousand Dollars, the sum of Thirty-nine Dollars per quarter.

(H)	Where the average monthly sales are Fifteen Thousand Dollars and over, but are
under Twenty-two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars, the sum of $45.00 per quarter.

(I)	Where the average monthly sales are Twenty-two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars
and over, but are under Thirty Thousand Dollars, the sum of Fifty Dollars per quarter.

(J)	Where the average monthly sales are Thirty Thousand Dollars and over, but are
under Forty Thousand Dollars, the sum of Sixty Dollars per quarter.

(K)	Where the average monthly sales are Forty Thousand Dollars and over, the sum
of Seventy-five Dollars per quarter.

Any person, firm or corporation operating, conducting and carrying on several dif-
ferent classes or types of business at a fixed place of business in the City of Las
Vegas, any of which may fall within the classification mentioned in this section, and
some of which may fall within the classification mentioned in Section Eight of this
ordinance, may have and hereby is given the option of paying license fee upon his total
volume of business done in all said types of business at the rates mentioned in this
section, or he may keep separate account of the volume of business done on the type or
(Ordinance No. 244 Continued)

types of business which fall within the classification mentioned in this section and pay his
license thereon according to the rates provided therefor in this section, and may treat
those types of business which fall within Section Eight of this ordinance as a separate
business or businesses and pay his license upon each such type of business according to
the provisions of Section Eight of this ordinance, without regard to the volume of business
done under such types of business upon which license shall be so paid according to the
rates mentioned in Section Eight of this ordinance.

Section 7. Each person, firm or corporation engaged in the telephone business, or
in the business of furnishing and supplying heating or illuminating gas to others through
gas mains, or electrical current for power, lighting, heating or domestic purposes, or
supplies water for domestic purposes to others through water mains, or operates any other
public utility shall pay a quarterly license tax therefor according to the following
schedule per annum: Each telephone company, $500.00: each gas company, $200.00; each
water company $400.00; each electric light company, $1500.00. This provision shall apply
to all persons, firms and corporations conducting the above mentioned businesses or any of
them, whether under permission and regulation of the Public Service Commission of the
State of Nevada, or otherwise.

This section shall not apply to water companies having monthly gross sales of less
than $3,000.00, which companies shall pay tax under Section 6 of this ordinance.

Section 8. The rates of license tax for businesses, trades, occupations and employ-
ments hereinafter named are hereby fixed in and for the City of Las Vegas and the same
shall be paid by any person engaged in or carrying on the same in said City, as follows:

(1) For each hand laundry employing one or more persons, $2.50 per quarter.

(2)	For each insurance agent, or real estate broker, or both, $10.00 per quarter.

(3)	For each shooting gallery, $25.00 per quarter.

(4)	For each brokerage establishment, $30.00 per quarter.

(5)	For every banker and bank with a capital of $100,000 or over (except National
banks), $30.00 per quarter.

For every banker or bank with a capital of less than $100,000 (except National
banks), $15.00 per quarter.

(6)	For each skating rink, $20.00 per quarter.

(7)	For each pawn shop, $50.00 per quarter.

(8)	For each employment or intelligence office, $25.00 per quarter.

(9)	Every person who operates a wrecking yard, junk yard, or out-of-door yard or

lot where used furniture, plumbing or other second-hand materials or merchandise are stored
for sale, shall pay a license fee of $25.00 per quarter. This section shall include all
out-of-door lots or yards upon which two or more used cars not in condition to operate
under their own power are permitted to remain for a period of thirty days or longer.

(10)	Every person who operates a used car lot, containing only cars capable of being
moved under their own power, shall pay a license fee of $10.00 per quarter, provided,
that without paying such license fee, one such lot may be maintained by each person or
firm who holds a State license as a new or used car dealer. The word "car" as used in
this section shall mean any automobile or gasoline propelled vehicle.

(11)	For each astrologer, palmist, seer, phrenologist, fortune teller, clairvoyant,
or spiritualist, who demands and receives a fee for his or her services, $100.00 per day.

(12)	For each merry-go-round or carrousel, $5.00 per day.

(13)	Any proprietor, lessee or manager of any traveling show, traveling skating rink,
circus, hippodrome, menagerie, or carnival intending to exhibit in the open air or under

a tent or in any public hall, club room, assembly hall or theatre, where movable scenery
and theatrical appliances are used, any performance or exhibition in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, shall pay to the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas, the sum of $100.00
as a license fee for the privilege of showing and exhibiting such traveling show, travel-
ing skating rink, circus, hippodrome, menagerie or carnival for each day; and upon payment
therefor said City Clerk shall issue license for the day or number of days so paid for.

Provided that nothing in this section contained shall be deemed or construed to re-
quire the holder of a theatre license to procure any additional license to conduct, main-
tain or carry on any theatrical or vaudeville performance when such performance is conduc-
ted at any such theatre so licensed.

(14)	For each patent medicine agency, $25.00 per quarter.

(15)	For each boot black stand permitted by Ordinance of the City, $3.00 per quarter.

(16)	For each lawyer, whether connected with or as a member of a firm, or practicing
by himself, $10.00 per quarter.

(17)	For each physician and/or surgeon, whether connected with a firm or hospital,
or practicing by himself, $10.00 per quarter.

(18)	For each dentist whether connected with or as a member of a firm, or practicing
by himself, $10.00 per quarter.

(19)	For each hotel, lodging house, rooming house, auto court or tourist camp as
defined hereunder, $5.00 per quarter for from four to eight guest rooms; from eight to
eighteen guest rooms, $10.00 per quarter; from eighteen to thirty guest rooms, $20.00 per
quarter; from thirty to fifty guest rooms, $30.00 per quarter; from fifty to eighty
guest rooms, $40.00 per quarter; above eighty guest rooms, $50.00 per quarter.

Every person, firm or association or corporation engaged in the business of keeping
or conducting an apartment house in the City of Las Vegas, shall pay for and obtain a
quarterly license to carry on such business as per schedule hereinafter recited in this
subdivision, namely: Those who have four (4) apartments and not exceeding eight (8)
apartments shall pay for such license the sum of $5.00 per quarter. And those who have
nine apartments and not exceeding eighteen apartments, shall pay for such license the sum
(Ordinance No. 244 Continued)

of $15.00 per quarter; and those who have nineteen apartments and not exceeding thirty-
eight apartments, shall pay fop such license the sum of $30.00 per quarter; those
who have thirty-nine apartments and over shall pay for such license the sum of $60.00
per quarter.

(20)	For each dray and express and warehouse business, or either, $5.00 per quarter
for the first rig, and $2.50 per quarter for each additional rig, used in such business;
but warehouse businesses without rigs shall pay $5.00 per quarter.

(21)	Every person, firm or corporation who, for hire, operates a truck or fleet
of trucks which shall come into the City of Las Vegas to receive merchandise for deliv-
ery outside the city, or which shall bring merchandise into the City of Las Vegas from
outside, and make deliveries of merchandise within the City, shall pay a quarterly license
tax of $10.00 per quarter upon the first truck and $5.00 per quarter for each additional
truck. And the above rates shall likewise apply to and be paid by any person, firm or
corporation having no fixed place of business within the City of Las Vegas but who comes
into the City from outside, regularly, to transact business within the City by receiving
or picking up chattels and personal property upon which repairs, personal service or
work of any kind may be done for hire outside the City, and again delivering the same

to the owner within the City.

(22)	Every person operating a billiard hall or billiard room, or pool hall or
pool room, shall pay for the first billiard table or pool table in any such establishment,
$5.00 per quarter for the first table and $3.00 per quarter for each additional billiard
table or pool table.

(23)	Every person who shall operate a bowling alley within said City of Las Vegas,
shall pay the sum of $7.50 per quarter for the first alley and the sum of $5.00 per
quarter for each additional alley in said establishment.

(24)	For each traveling optometrist and/or oculist, who does not hold and exhibit
an existing license from the State of Nevada, to practice as such, $100.00 per day.

For each optometrist and/or oculist holding such license, $10.00 per quarter.

(25)	For each barber shop $5.00 per quarter for the first barber chair operated,
and $1.00 per quarter for each additional barber chair operated.

(26)	For the business of dealing in second hand goods, wares or merchandise of
any kind, character or description where, as a part of such transaction, a contract or
agreement is made, or an undertaking, verbal, written or otherwise, had with the vendor
to re-sell to him the same goods, wares or merchandise or to sell other goods, wares

or merchandise, in their place or stead, then and in case of such agreement, as aforesaid,
a license tax of $50.00 per quarter shall be paid.

(27)	Every person, firm or corporation who ships into and sells in the City of
Las Vegas, any bankrupt, assigned or damaged stock of goods, wares, merchandise, drugs,
jewelry, drygoods, boots and shoes, clothing, hardware, groceries, furniture or other
stock or merchandise, shall pay a license of $300.00 per quarter or fraction thereof.

(28)	For every traveling merchant, hawker, peddler or vendor, street faker or
advertiser who advertises goods, wares or merchandise of any kind by music, singing or
dancing, jugglery, tricks, sleight of hand, buffoonery, gymnastics or any spectacular
display, show or performance, or by speeches or oratory, or by any performance upon the
streets calculated to draw a crowd of people about them calling or advertising wares,
as aforesaid, shall pay a license in the sum of $25.00 per day, and shall also secure a
permit to occupy street space as required by other ordinances of the City.

(29)	For each sewing machine agent, $10.00 per quarter.

(30)	For each vulcanizing business operated as a separate business, $5.00 per
quarter.

(31)	For each auctioneer, $125.00 per quarter or fraction thereof.

(32)	For each Architect, $10.00 per quarter.

(33)	For each Assayer, $5.00 per quarter.

(34)	For each massage parlor, $10.00 per quarter.

(35)	For each trade college, trade school, business school, or business college,
where instructions are given in any trade or occupation for which a fee is charged, $10.00
per quarter.

(36) For each certified public accountant or independent public accountant, $40.00
per annum. For the purpose of this ordinance an independent public accountant is defined
as a person who does bookkeeping or accounting work for two or more persons, firms or
corporations, or who prepares or assists in preparing income tax returns for two or more
persons, firms or corporations, other than himself.

(37)	For each chiropodist, $10.00 per quarter.

(38)	For each drugless practitioner, provided, however, that this subdivision
shall not apply to persons who treat the sick through prayer or spiritual means, $10.00
per quarter.

(39)	For each chiropractor, $10.00 per quarter.

(40)	For each osteopath, $10.00 per quarter.

(41)	For each advertising business or advertising counsel, $10.00 per quarter.

(42)	For each collection agency or mercantile agency, $10.00 per quarter.
(Ordinance No. 244 Continued)

(43)	For each designer or decorator, $10.00 per quarter.

(44)	For each building contractor, $60.00 per annum, paid annually.

(45)	For each person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on the
business of paving or macadamizing contractor, $50.00 per quarter.

(46) For each cabinet shop, carpenter shop or upholstery shop, $5.00 per quarter.

(47) Any other contractor not specifically licensed by this or any other ordin-
ance of the City of Las Vegas, $60.00 per annum, paid annually.

(48)	For each nursery where plants, flowers, ferns, trees or other plants are
cultivated, grown or propagated for the purpose of sale, $3.00 per quarter.

(49)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of a cold stor-
age or refrigeration plant for the purpose of storing fruits, vegetables, meats, fish,
eggs or dairy products, or any other merchandise, shall pay a quarterly license fee of
$1.00 for each 1,000 square feet of floor area, or fraction thereof, with a minimum
quarterly tax of $10.00.

(50)	Every person with a fixed place of business within the City of Las Vegas, who
engages in the business of renting or selling outdoor advertising space, whether bill board
or electrical signs, shall pay a quarterly license fee of three and one-half cents
($.03½) per square yard of front surface with a minimum quarterly license of $12.50.

Every person who comes into the City of Las Vegas to lease or distribute electrical
signs or place them in use by any local business person, whether by lease, sale, or
conditional sale contract, shall pay a quarterly license fee therefor in the sum of
$20.00.

(51) For each locksmith, $6.00 per quarter, which license fee shall be paid in
addition to the license tax upon any other business operated by such person, if he
operates any other business.

(52)	For each person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of house
moving a quarterly license fee of $25.00 shall be paid, and in addition thereto, he shall
maintain on deposit with the City Clerk a bond in the penal sum of $1,000 executed by

a surety company authorized to do business in the State of Nevada for the then current
year, indemnifying the City against injury or damage to pavements or other public
property, and all other persons, firms or corporations, against injury or damage to per-
son or property occurring while any house is being moved into, along or off any public
street. In the event of a recovery by said City or any private person, firm or cor-
poration on said bond, the said bond or a similar substitute shall be restored immedi-
ately to said penal sum of $1,000.

(53)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of house
wrecking or salvaging, shall pay a quarterly license fee of $12.50 per quarter.

(54)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of a natatorium
or swimming pool or tank, where a fee or charge is made for the use thereof, or where
rooms, lockers or bathing suits are rented in connection therewith, shall pay an annual
license fee of $25.00.

(55)	Every automobile ticket agency or transportation agency, except when con-
ducted by the owner of the transportation agency line, shall pay a quarterly license
fee of $7.50 per quarter. And such license fee shall be paid for such business even
though the person conducting such business or paying such license fee may at the same
time and in the same place, operate another business.

(56)	For	every public stenographer, $5.00 per quarter.	For the	purpose of	this

subdivision, a public stenographer is defined to be a person	who makes	a business	of typing

for the general public or for persons other than himself or his immediate permanent
employer.

(57)	For each insurance adjuster or insurance adjusting agency, $10.00 per quarter,
except that this subdivision shall not apply to regular insurance agents adjusting
losses for their own companies.

(58)	For	each automobile reclaiming agency, $5.00 per	quarter.

(59)	For	each bail bond broker or bail bond brokerage	business,	$25.00 per	quarter.

(60)	For each painting or decorating contractor, $50.00 per annum.

(61)	For each amusement park charging admission to the grounds, $5.00 per quarter.

(62) For each private detective agency, bureau or business, $25.00 per quarter.

(63) For each abstract and/or title company doing business, maintaining an agency,
or operating in the City of Las Vegas, $25.00 per quarter.

(64)	For each brick yard, pressed brick plant, or adobe or concrete block manu-
facturing plant, $40.00 per annum.

(65)	For each marble and/or granite workers' shop, $5.00 per quarter.

(66)	For each planing mill allowed by law, $5.00 per quarter.

(67)	For each automobile painting and/or sign painting establishment, $25.00 per

annum.
(Ordinance No. 244 Continued)

(68)	For each welding and/or iron works, $10.00 per quarter.

(69)	For each hair dressing or beauty parlor, or both, whether operated in con-
nection with a barber shop or separately, $10.00 per quarter.

(70)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of distributing
advertising samples, hand bills, dodgers or printed matter of any kind, shall pay a
quarterly license fee of $3.00 per quarter.

(71)	For each finance company, the sum of $40.00 per annum. For the purpose of
this subdivision, a finance company is defined to be any person, firm or corporation
other than banks, who makes a business of loaning to others for profit and who holds
himself out to the general public as such.

(71½) Every person, firm or corporation selling or distributing gasoline, motor
fuel oil of any kind, or lubricating oil of any kind, within the City of Las Vegas, not
for use as motor fuel for motor vehicles upon the highways of this State, or not to be
exported from this State or sold to the government of the United States for official use
of such government, shall pay a license fee of $30.00 per quarter. And no such person,
firm, corporation or dealer in such gasoline, motor fuel oil or lubricating oil shall be
required to include in his volume of business, the amount of any such gasoline, motor
fuel oil or lubricating oil sales under any license fee paid under the provisions of
Section Six of this ordinance.

(72)	Every person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on any
business not specifically licensed by this ordinance or any other ordinance of the City
of Las Vegas, shall pay a quarterly license fee of $25.00 per quarter.

For the purpose of this ordinance, an auto court or tourist camp is defined as a
place, other than a regular hotel or apartment house, where sleeping accommodations
in small buildings are rented to the general public, and whenever more than three cabins
or small buildings are situated in close proximity to each other and are owned or oper-
ated by the same person and are rented to the general public, either by the day, week,
month or year, and whether to transients or permanent residents of the City of Las Vegas,
the same shall be considered to be a tourist camp or auto court.

Nothing in this ordinance contained shall be deemed or construed as applying to
any person engaged in any of the professions or occupations hereinbefore enumerated
solely as an employee of any other person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or
carrying on any such business in the City of Las Vegas, unless specifically so provided
herein.

Section 9. The license tax imposed by this ordinance shall be deemed a debt due
to said City of Las Vegas from and against any person who commences, carried on, engages
in or conducts, in said City, any business, occupation, trade or employment upon which
a license tax is herein imposed, or for the commending, engaging in, carrying on or
conducting, any business, occupation, trade or employment, for which a license is hereby
required to be produced, without first having paid said license tax and procured said
license according to the terms and provisions of this ordinance, and such person shall be
liable in a civil action in the name of said City of Las Vegas, Plaintiff, in any Court
of competent jurisdiction, for the recovery of the amount of license tax imposed by this
ordinance, and for the costs of suit.

Section 10. The license tax imposed by this ordinance shall become due and payable,
and be paid without demand therefor, in lawful money of the United States of America
to the City Clerk.

Section 11. Every license fee required hereunder which is not paid within a period
of fifteen days from the time the same becomes due and payable is hereby declared to be
delinquent and the City Clerk shall thereupon add to said license fee and collect, before
issuing such license, a penalty of ten per cent of such license fee so delinquent (but
not in any case less than fifty cents) and such penalty may also be recovered in any
civil action brought in the name of the City of Las Vegas for the recovery of the amount
of license tax imposed by this ordinance. Provided, however, that the City Clerk during
each current quarter, at least ten days before the next succeeding quarter, shall deposit
in the United States Post Office at Las Vegas, Nevada, postage prepaid thereon, a written
or printed notice directed to each person appearing upon the license tax roll for the
current quarter calling attention to the fact that the license fee for the next succeeding
quarter will be due at the time provided in this ordinance and of the amount thereof, if
readily ascertainable, and that the penalty herein provided will be exacted unless paid
within the time required by this ordinance. Said City Clerk shall also within ten days
after the first day of such succeeding quarter mail a written or printed notice to each
person appearing upon the license tax roll for said preceding quarter, who has not paid
such license fee, notifying them that unless said license fee is paid within fifteen days
after the first day of such quarter, such penalty will be collected in addition to the
license fee. Proof of actual receipt of any such notice shall be in no case required.

Section 12. Every person, having a license under the provisions of this ordinance
and carrying on a business at a fixed place of business, shall keep such license posted
and exhibited while in force, in some conspicuous place in said place of business. Every
person having such license and not having a fixed place of business shall carry such
license with him at all times while carrying on the business for which the same is granted.

Section 13. All licenses granted under this ordinance, or any section thereof, are
granted and accepted by all parties receiving said license with the express understanding
that the Board of City Commissioners may revoke the same at any time if any of the condit-
ions of the license or terms of this ordinance have been violated, or if the license was
obtained by fraudulent representations, or the holder of such license is an unfit person
to be trusted with the privileges granted by said license, provided, however, that no
license shall be revoked without giving the holder thereof an opportunity to appear before
the Board in his own behalf. On revocation of the license no part of the money paid there-
for shall be returned, but such license fee shall be forfeited to the City.

Any person, firm or corporation who has paid or shall hereafter pay any license fee
or fees under Ordinance No. 243 of the City of Las Vegas for the last quarter of the
(Ordinance No. 244 Continued)

year 1938, and such license fee in any case shall be greater in amount than that required
by the provisions of this ordinance for the same business, shall be entitled to a credit
of such excess of any license fee to be paid by him under the terms of this ordinance
and the City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to allow such credit upon any license
fee hereafter to become due under the terms of this ordinance.

Section 14. The rates of license fees provided for in this ordinance shall apply
to all businesses carried on in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, from and
after the first day of January, A.D., 1939; and Ordinances numbered 1,2,4, 13, 14, 35,

48, 62, 74, 75, 81, 95, 102, 105, 108, 112, 117, 145, 184, 192, and 243 are hereby express-
ly repealed, except that Ordinance No. 243 shall apply to all license fees due unto the
said City of Las Vegas for the months of October, November and December, A. D., 1938.

Section 15. Nothing in this ordinance contained shall be construed so as to
repeal, amend or affect in any wise those other ordinances of the City of Las Vegas regul-
ating and licensing the sale of intoxicating liquor, and regulating and licensing the
operation of gambling games and devices, including slot machines and vending machines in
the City of Las Vegas.

Section 16. Any person violating any of the terms or provisions of this ordin-
ance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be
punished by a fine not to exceed three hundred dollars ($300) or by imprisonment in the
City Jail for a term of not to exceed ninety days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 17. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance pub-
lished in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada for a period of two weeks, that is to say,
once each week for a period of two weeks.

H. P. Marble________

MAYOR.

ATTEST:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted
this 29th day of November, A.D., 1938, by the following vote: Commissioners Luce, Krause
and Corradetti, and His Honor, the Mayor, H. P. Marble, voting Aye. Voting No, Commis-
sioner Ronnow. Absent, Commissioner, None.

Viola Burns_________

CITY CLERK.

(CITY SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of
the LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Nov. 30th,

1938 to Dec. 7th, 1938 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: November 30th- Dec 7th. That said newspaper was regularly issued and cir-
culated on each of the dates above named.	Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th day of December, 1938.

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada

My Commission Expires Jan. 12, 1939.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting
held on the 29th day of November, 1938, at which time it was proposed, considered and
voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week
for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And, it was thereafter
read aloud to the Board for a second time at a recessed regular meeting of the Board
held on the 14th day of December, 1938.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor H. P. Marble;
Commissioner Ronnow voting No. Absent: Commissioner Corradetti.

Approved:

H. P. Marble______

Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Attest:	Viola Burns

City Clerk

City Seal
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION (See pg. 102)

(OF Ordinance No. 243)

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks from Sept 27th
1938 to October 4th 1938 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: Sept 27th- Oct 4th That said newspaper was regularly issued and circul-
ated on each of the dates above named.

Signes Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1rth
day of October 1938

A. E. Cahlan_________

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada

My Commission Expires Jan 12 1939

ORDINANCE NO. 245.

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 8 AND SECTION 12, OF ORDINANCE NO. 165 OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT GAMING AND OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A LICENSE THEREFOR, REGULATING THE SAME,

FIXING THE AMOUNT OF SUCH LICENSE, PROVIDING, A PENALTY THEREFOR, REPEALING ORDINANCES
NOS. 77, 82, 88, 103 and 115, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 8 of Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amend-
ed to read as follows:

Card games, that is stud poker and draw poker, bridge, whist, solo and panginue
for money shall be licensed independent of other games mentioned in this Ordinance, at
the rate of Five Dollars ($5.00) per month, payable one quarter year in advance. A
license fee of Ten Dollars ($10.00) per month, payable for one quarter year in advance,
shall be paid for each game or device license issued excepting those games as otherwise
provided for herein and except slot machines, and for each money slot machine, except
penny slot machines, Eight Dollars ($8.00) per quarter for each quarterly period herein
mentioned, payable for one quarter year in advance, for each handle on said slot machine,
and Fifty Dollars ($50.00) per quarter for each penny slot machine for each quarterly
period herein mentioned, payable for one quarter year in advance for each handle on said
penny slot machine. The game of keno or bank keno as now played in the City of Las Vegas,
shall be classified as falling within the provision above mentioned for games and devices
requiring a license of Ten Dollars ($10.00) per month payable quarterly, and in addition
thereto shall pay a license fee or charge of One Dollar and Fifty Cents ($1.50) per chair
for each chair used in the conduct of said game. Horse race betting or horse race book-
ing as now played and carried on in said City of Las Vegas, shall also fall within the
above classification for games and devices requiring a license fee of Ten Dollars ($10.00)
per month, payable quarterly in advance. The licenses above mentioned shall entitle the
holder or holders, or his or their employee or employees, to carry on, conduct, and operate
the specific slot machine, game or device for which said license is issued in the partic-
ular room and premises described therein, but not for any other slot machine, game or
device in any other place than the room and premises so described, for a period of one
quarter of a year next succeeding the date of issuance of said license; provided that
no license shall be granted for any portion of any quarter for a less amount than the full
quarterly license; and	the end	of said quarter shall be	the last days of March, June,

September and December	of each	year;	provided further,	that the licensee shall be entitled

to carry on, conduct and operate two or more slot machines, games or devices mentioned
in section one of Ordinance No. 165 in the same room, by paying the license fee herein
provided for, for each	slot machine,	game or device and	otherwise complying with the terms

of this section. Each	license	shall	specify upon the face thereof the name of the licensee,

and a particular description of the particular room or premises in which the licensee
intends to carry on, conduct or operate any one slot machine, game or device mentioned in
section one of Ordinance No. 165 and shall specify the particular type of slot machine,
or the particular game, or the particular device, by name; any license issued under the
provisions of this ordinance shall not be transferable by the licensee to any other person,
firm, association or corporation, and shall be valid only for the particular room and
premises described therein, and the specified slot machine, game or device for which it
is issued. No license money paid under this ordinance shall be refunded, whether the
slot machine, game or device for which any license was issued has voluntarily ceased or
has been revoked under the provisions of this ordinance herein provided, or for any other
reason. The license fees herein provided shall be in addition to those collected by the
Sheriff of Clark County, or any other lawful authority.

Section 2. Section 12 of Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
amended to read as follows:

No card game, gambling game or device and no slot machine or gambling game or device of
any kind shall be conducted or permitted to operate in any open space, vestibule or
doorway within the City of Las Vegas, but all such gambling games and devices of every
nature shall be operated and conducted completely within the four walls of a building or
room and all slot machines must be at least four feet distant from any outside entrance
to the room where said machines are operated. And no gambling game, device, or slot
machine, so licensed, shall be dealt, played, operated, carried on, or exposed for play
behind locked doors.
(Ordinance No. 245 Continued)

Section 3. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published
in The Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, for a period of TWO (2) weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period
of two (2) weeks.

H. P. Marble_______

Mayor

Attest:

Viola Burns.

City Clerk.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted
this 13 day of January, A.D., 1939, by the following vote:

Ronnow, Luce, and Krause, Corradetti and His Honor, the Mayor, H. P. Marble, voting

aye.

Voting no, None.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed regular
meeting of the Board on the 13th day of January 1939, at which time it was proposed,
considered and voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las
Vegas Age, for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following
its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time,
adopted, approved and finally passed at a recessed regular meeting of the Board held on
the 16 day of Feb. 1939.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause, Corradetti, and His Honor the Mayor
H. P. Marble;

Voting No: None
Absent: None

_____H. P. Marble______________

Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA :

 ss

COUNTY OF CLARK :

J.	W. Squires being duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Managing Editor of

Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ord. #245 was pub-
lished in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Jan. 27th to Feb. 3, 1939
inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Jan. 27
and Feb. 3, 1939. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named. That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $53.10.

Signed J. W. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day of Feb. 1939.

C. D. Breeze_____

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires June 7, 1939.

ORDINANCE NO. 246

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 4, SECTION 16, AS AMENDED OF ORDINANCE NO. 203, OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE DISTRIBUTION AND CONTROL OF INTOX-
ICATING AND ALCOHOLIC LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES: REGULATING PLACES WHERE AND UNDER WHAT
CONDITIONS SAID INTOXICATING AND ALCOHOLIC LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES MAY BE KEPT SOLD, GIVEN
AWAY OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED: PROVIDING FOR PERMITS AND LICENSES: PROVIDING PENALTIES
FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE: AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES
IN CONFLICT HEREWITH", AND TO FURTHER AMEND SAID ORDINANCE NO. 203 BY ADDING THERETO A
NEW SECTION TO BE KNOWN AS SECTION 18 (a).

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. Section 4 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended
to read as follows:

Taverns may be maintained only in that portion of the City of Las Vegas known as
the Commercial District and described as follows: "All frontage on Fremont Street to the
east City Limits to a depth not exceeding 150 feet; all frontage on Fifth Street from the
South City limits to the north City Limits to a dept not exceeding 150 feet; all lots
fronting on First Street from Bridger Street to Stewart Street; all lots fronting on
Second Street from Stewart Street to Clark Street; all lots fronting on Third Street
(Ordinance No. 246 Continued)

from Stewart Street to Bridger Street; all lots fronting on Fourth Street from Stewart
Street to Bridger Street; all lots fronting on Main Street from Carson Street to Clark
Avenue, extended; all lots fronting on Clark Avenue and Wilson Avenue in the Original
Townsite, and that portion of the Industrial District covering all frontage on Main
Street from Carson Street to Charleston Blvd."

SECTION 2. Section 16 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas (as amended)
is hereby further amended to read as follows:

The rates for licenses provided for in this Ordinance shall be, and the same
are fixed and established, and the same shall be paid in advance by all persons receiving
such licenses respectively, as follows:

(1-a) For a wholesale liquor license, which shall include the right to wholesale
alcoholic liquors and beverages of all kinds, the sum of $75.00 per quarter.

(1-b) For an importer's license the sum of $50.00 per quarter. An importer's
license shall authorize the holder thereof to be the first person in possession of wines,
beers or other alcoholic liquors within the City of Las Vegas after completion of the act
of the importation of such wines, beers or other alcoholic liquors from without the
state and which have been brewed, fermented or produced outside the state.

It shall not authorize the sale of any type of wines, beers, or other alcoholic
liquors.

In order to make such sales the licensee must first secure the appropriate
license or licenses applicable to the class or classes of business in which he is engaged.

(1-c) For a wholesale beverage license the sum of $37.50 per quarter.

(2)	For	a	tavern liquor license the sum of $250.00 per quarter.

(3)	For	a	club liquor license, the sum of $75.00, per quarter.

(4)	For	a	restaurant beverage license, the sum of $180.00 per quarter.

(5)	For a cabaret license, selling beverages only, the sum of $125.00 per quarter.

(6)	For	a	cabaret liquor license, the sum of $300.00 per quarter.

(7)	For	a	retail liquor establishment to be maintained only in the	zone designated

in Section 4 of Ordinance No. 203, as amended, which is Section 1 of this Ordinance, or

a drug store, for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in the original containers, as
received from the distiller or wholesaler, not to be consumed on the premises, in quan-
tities not exceeding four and nine-tenths (4.9) gallons to the same person and for the
same person's use at any one time, the sum of $162.50 per quarter; provided, however, that
under this license, and without additional payment therefor, the licensee shall be per-
mitted to serve alcoholic beverages containing not more than five and one-half per cent
(5½%) of alcohol by weight, to be consumed upon the premises.

(8)	For a retail beverage license for the sale of beverages containing not more
than five and one-half per cent (5½%) of alcohol by weight, the sum of $37.50 per quarter.

(9) For a cocktail room, or a room adjacent to or in close proximity to a tavern,
where alcoholic liquors containing more than five and one-half per cent (5½%) of alcohol
by weight, are served to the general public from such tavern and where music or other
entertainment is furnished for the pleasure of its guests, the sum of $25.00 per quarter.

SECTION 3. A new section is hereby added to Ordinance No. 203 of the City of
Las Vegas, to be known as Section 18 (a), and reading as follows:

It shall be unlawful for any permittee or licensee to employ any minor person to
sell or handle any intoxicating or alcoholic liquor of any kind or to permit any minor
person to handle such liquor in his place of business in any way, regardless of whether
such place of business may be a duly licensed restaurant, eating establishment of any
kind, drug store or otherwise, and whenever such practice is permitted, the license of
such permittee or licensee will be revoked.

SECTION 4. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published
in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, for a period of two (2) weeks, that is to say, once a week for a period of two

(2)	weeks.

H. P. Marble_________

Mayor

ATTEST:

Viola Burns	(City Seal)

CITY CLERK

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted
this 4th day of February A.D. 1939, by the following vote:

Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor H. P.
Marble voting Aye.

Voting No, none.

Absent, None.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board held on the 4th day of February, 1939, at which time it was proposed, con-
sidered and voted upon, unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Age,
a weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for
two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading, and it was thereafter
read aloud, to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at a
regular meeting of the Board held on the 4th day of March, 1939.
(Ordinance No. 246 Continued)

Voting Aye: Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the
Mayor H. P. Marble.

Voting No, none.

Absent None.

H. P. Marble_________________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

J. W. Squires being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Managing Editor
of LAS VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ord. #246
was published in said newspaper for a period of 2 weeks from February 10 to February 17,

1939 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

Feb. 10 and Feb. 17, 1939. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each
of the dates above named. That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was
$39.80.

Signed J. W. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28 day of February, 1939.

(Notary Seal)	_____Joe Hufford_______________

Notary Public in and for
Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires May 8, 1939.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
ORDINANCE NO. 247

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT THE WASTE OF WATER: REFINING WASTE OF WATER: REGULATING
THE USE THERE OF: AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE: AND REPEAL-
ING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is threatened with a water shortage on account of the
diminishing supply flowing from the artesian wells in said City and on account of the pre-
sent waste thereof by the inhabitants of said City, and

WHEREAS, the capacity of the sewer system of the City is overtaxed by reason of water
wasting into the sewers without being put to a full beneficial use; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners deem it expedient and necessary for the protection
of health, comfort, safety, life welfare and property of the inhabitants of said City to
regulate the use of water therein and to prevent the waste thereof, NOW, THEREFORE,

Section 1. Waste of water in the City of Las Vegas is hereby prohibited and declared un-
lawful.

Section 2. Any one of the following acts shall constitute waste of water, as the term is
used in this ordinance.

(a)	Permitting a hydrant, tap, cock or valve connected with any water system belonging to

any public utility, to leak onto the ground or into any sink, bowl, toilet or tub connected
with a sewer or cesspool, or permitting water to drain from a person's premises	any

street, alley, or road, after the person permitting the same has been notified to remedy
such leak or to prevent such draining by any public officer, or an agent of any public
utility, as hereinafter defined ;

(b)	Using water from any water system belonging to any public utility for the purpose of
cooling any refrigerator, refrigerating machine, ice plant, ice machine, cooler, cooling
plant, cooling system, air conditioning machine or apparatus, engine or motor, where said
water, after being so used, is permitted to flow into a sewer or cesspool or onto the
ground, provided, however, that the use of water for such cooling purposes is not pro-
hibited where, after being so used, it is collected, recooled and re-used, and is not
permitted to flow into a sewer, cesspool, or onto the ground;
(c) Permitting water from any water system belonging to any public utility to flow from any
hose, tap, valve, hydrant, pipe or cock directly into any sewer or cesspool for thirty
minutes or longer without first putting such water to a beneficial use, and each thirty
minutes such water is permitted to so flow shall constitute a separate offence.

(d) Permitting water to leak from any water main in a water system belonging to any public
utility for an unreasonable length of time.

Section 3. The term "public utility" as herein used shall mean and embrace all corporations,
companies, individuals, associations, their lessees, trustees or receivers, that now of may
hereafter own, operate, or control any plant or equipment or any part of a plant or equip-
ment within the City of Las Vegas for the production, delivery or furnishing for or to other
persons, firms, associations or corporations, partly or wholly from an artesian well or
wells, water for business, manufacturing, agricultural, domestic or household use.

Section 4. Any violation of this ordinance or any of the provisions thereof shall consti-
tute a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not to exceed fifty ($50.00) Dollars
or by imprisonment in the City jail of Las Vegas for a period of not to exceed twenty-five
(25) days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 5. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are hereby
repealed.

Section 6. This ordinance is declared and passed as an emergency ordinance and shall take
effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 7. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal a daily newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas for a period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a recessed
regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the 17th
day of July 1939, and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon the second reading oh the
said last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and
Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Approved this 17th day of July, 1939.

John L. Russell
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk

(Seal)

Published 7-18 and 25-1939

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman Of the
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily, newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the attached was con-
tinuously published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks, from July 18th 1939 to
July 25th, 1939 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit: July 18th and 25th. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each
of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th

day of July, 1939.	A.E. Cahlan,

Notary Public in and for Clark County
Nevada.

My Commission Expires Jan 12 1943
(Notarial seal)
ORDINANCE NO 248 NOT READ A SECOND TIME
ORDINANCE NO. 249

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 8 OF ORDINANCE NO. 244 of THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, ENTITLED:	"AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS LICENSING, FOR PURPOSES

OF REGULATION AND REVENUE EVERY KIND OF LAWFUL BUSINESS HEREINAFTER SPECIFIED,
TRANSACTED OR CARRIED ON WITHIN THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

STATE OF NEVADA: FIXING THE RATES OF LICENSE TAX UPON THE SAME AND PROVIDING
FOR THE COLLECTION OF SAID LICENSE TAX, AND A PUNISHMENT FOR CARRYING ON OR CON-
DUCTING ANY SUCH BUSINESS WITHOUT A LICENSE, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES NUMBERED
1, 2, 4, 13, 14, 35, 48, 62, 74, 75, 81, 95, 102, 105, 108, 112, 117, 145, 184,

192 and 243."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 8 of Ordinance No. 244 of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby amended to read as follows:

The rates of license tax for businesses, trades, occupations and employ-
ments hereinafter named are hereby fixed in and for the City of Las Vegas and the
same shall be paid by any person engaged in or carrying on the same in said City,
as follows:

(1)	For each hand laundry employing one or more persons, $2.50 per quarter.

(2)	For each insurance agent, or real estate broker, or both, $10.00 per

quarter.

(3)	For each chooting gallery, $25.00 per quarter.

(4)	For each brokerage establishment, $30.00 per quarter.

(5)	For every banker and bank with a capital of $100,000 or over (except
National Banks), $30.00 per quarter. For every banker or bank with a capital of less
than $100,000 (except National Banks), $15.00 per quarter.

(6)	For each skating rink, $20.00 per quarter.

(7)	For each pawn shop, $50.00 per quarter.

(8) For each employment or intelligence office, $25.00 per quarter.

(9)	Every person who operates a wrecking yard, junk yard, or out-of-door
yard or lot where used furniture, plumbing or other second hand materials or mer-
chandise are stored for sale, shall pay a license fee of $25.00 per quarter. This
section shall include all out-of-door lots or yards upon which two or more used
cars not incondition to operate under their own power are permitted to remain for a
period of thirty days or longer.

(10)	Every person who operates a used car lot, containing only cars
capable of being moved under their own power, shall pay a license fee of $10.00
per quarter, provided, that without paying such license fee, one such lot may be
maintained by each person or firm who holds a State license as a new or used car
dealer. The word "car" as used in this section shall mean any automobile or gasoline
propelled vehicle.

(11)	For each astrologer, palmist, seer, phrenologist, fortune teller,
clairvoyant, or spiritualist, who demands and receives a fee for his or her services,
$100.00 per day.

(12)	For each merry-go-round or carrousel, $5.00 per day.

(13)	Any proprietor, lessee or manager of any traveling show, traveling
skating rink, circus, hippodrome, menagerie, or carnival intending to exhibit in
the open air or under a tent or in any public hall, club room, assembly hall or
theatre, where movable scenery and theatrical applicances are used, any performance
or exhibition in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall pay to the City Clerk of the
said City of Las Vegas, the sum of $100.00 as a license fee for the privilege of
showing and exhibiting such traveling show, traveling skating rink, circus, hippo-
drome, menagerie or carnival for each day; and upon payment therefor said City Clerk
shall issue license for the day or number of days so paid for.

Provided that nothing in this section contained shall be deemed or construed
to require the holder of a theatre license to procure any additional license to con-
duct, maintain or carry on any theatrical or vaudeville performance when such per-
formance is conducted at any such theatre so licensed.

(14) For each patent medicine agency, $25.00 per quarter.

(15) For each lawyer, whether connected with or as a member of a firm, or
practicing by himself, $10.00 per quarter.

(16)	For each physician and/or surgeon, whether connected with a firm or
hospital, or practicing by himself, $10.00 per quarter.

(17)	For each dentist whether connected with or as a member of a firm, or
practicing by. himself, $10.00 per quarter.

(18)	For each hotel, lodging house, rooming house, auto court or tourist
camp, as defined hereunder, $5.00 per quarter for from four to eight guest rooms;
from eight to eighteen guest rooms, $10.00 per quarter; from eighteen to thirty guest
rooms, $20.00 per quarter; from thirty to fifty guess rooms, $30.00 per quarter; from
fifty to eighty guest rooms $40.00 per quarter; above eighty guest rooms, $50.00 per

quarter.		

Every person, firm or association or corporation engaged in the business

of keeping or conducting an apartment house in the City of Las Vegas, shall pay for
and obtain a quarterly license to carry on such business as per schedule hereinafter
recited in this subdivision, namely: Those who have four (4) apartments and not
exceeding eight (8) apartments shall pay for such license the sum of $5.00 per quarter
And those who have nine apartments and not exceeding eighteen apartments, shall pay
for such license the sum of $15.00 per quarter; and those who have nineteen apart-
ments and not exceeding thirty-eight apartments, shall pay for such license the sum
of $30.00 per quarter; those who have thirty-nine apartments and over shall pay for

such license the sum of $60.00 per quarter.		

For the purpose of this ordinance, an auto court or tourist camp is defined

as a place, other than a regular hotel or apartment house, where sleeping accommo-
dations in small buildings are rented to the general public, and whenever more than
three cabins or small buildings are situated in close proximity to each other and
are owned or operated by the same person and are rented to the general public, either
by the day week, month or year, and whether to transients or permanent residents
of the City of Las Vegas, the same shall be considered to be a tourist camp or auto

court.
(19)	For each dray and express and warehouse business, or either, $5.00
per quarter for the first rig, and $2.50 per quarter for each additional rig, used in
such business; but warehouse businesses without rigs shall pay $5.00 per quarter.

(20)	Every person, firm or corporation who, for hire, operates a
truck or fleet of trucks which shall come into the City of Las Vegas to receive mer-
chandise for delivery outside the city, or which shall bring merchandise into the
City of Las Vegas from outside, and make deliveries of merchandise within the City,
shall pay an annual license fee of $20.00 for each truck so operated. The annual
period referred to shall be from January 1st of each year to and including December
31st. of the same year, and if application for license shall be made at any time after
the first day of January in any given year, the full annual license fee of $20.00
shall be required and paid and the license so issued shall terminate on December 31st
of the same year, regardless of the time of the year when such application is made.

This sub-section is not intended to apply, however, to trucks engaged
in inter-state commerce.

And the above provision as to license fee to be paid shall likewise
apply to and be paid by any person, firm or corporation having no fixed place of busi-
ness within the City of Las Vegas but who comes into the City from outside, regularly,
to transact business within the City by receiving or picking up chattels and personal
property upon which repairs, personal service or work of any kind may be done for hire
outside the City, and again delivering the same to the owner within the City.

(21)	Every person operating a billiard hall or billiard room, or
pool hall or pool room, shall pay for the first billiard table or pool table in
any such establishment, $5.00 per quarter for the first table and $3.00 per quarter
for each additional billiard table or pool table.

(22)	Every person who shall operate a bowling alley within said City
of Las Vegas, shall pay the sum of $7.50 per quarter for the first alley and the sum
of $5.00 per quarter for each additional alley in said establishment.

(23)	For each traveling optometrist and/or oculist, who does not
hold and exhibit an existing license from the State of Nevada, to practice as such,
$100.00 per day.

For each optometrist and/or oculist holding such license, $10.00 per

quarter.

(24) For each barber shop $5.00 per quarter for the first barber chair
operated, and $1.00 per quarter for each additional barber chair operated.

(25)	For the business of dealing in second hand goods, wares or
merchandise of any kind, character or description where, as a part of such tran-
saction, a contract or agreement is made, or an undertaking, verbal, written or
otherwise, had with the vendor to re-sell to him the same goods, wares or merchandise,
or to sell other goods, wares or merchandise, in their place or stead, then and in
case of such agreement, as aforesaid, a license tax of $50.00 per quarter shall be
paid.

(26)	Every person, firm or corporation who ships into and sells in
the City of Las Vegas, any bankrupt, assigned or damaged stock of goods, wares,
merchandise, drugs, jewelry, drygoods, boots and shoes, clothing, hardware, groceries,
furniture or other stock or merchandise, shall pay a license of $300100 per quarter
or fraction thereof.

(27)	For every traveling merchant, hawker, peddler or vendor,
street faker or advertiser, who advertises goods, wares or merchandise of any kind
by music, singing or dancing, jugglery, tricks, sleight of hand, buffoonery, gym-
nastics or any spectacular display, show or performance, or by speeches or oratory,
or by any performance upon the streets calculated to draw a crowd of people about
them calling or advertising wares, as aforesaid, shall pay a license in the sum of
$25.00 per day, and shall also secure a permit to occupy street space as required
by other ordinances of the City.

(28)	For each sewing machine agent, $10.00 per quarter.

(29)	For each vulcanizing business operated as a separate busi-
ness, $5.00 per quarter.

(30)	For each auctioneer, $125.00 per quarter or fraction thereof.

(31)	For each Architect, $10.00 per quarter.

(32)	For each Assayer, $5.00 per quarter.

(33) For each massage parlor, $10.00 per quarter.

(34)	For each trade college, trade school, business school or business
college, where instructions are given in any trade or occupation for which a fee is
charged, $10.00 per quarter.

(35)	For each certified public accountant or independent public
accountant, $40.00 per annum. For the purpose of this ordinance an independent
public accountant is defined as a person who does bookkeeping or accounting work
for two or more persons, firms or corporations, or who prepares or assists in pre-
paring income tax returns for two or more persons, firms or corporations, other than
himself.

(36)	For each chiropodist, $10.00 per quarter.

(37) For each drugless practitioner, provided, however, that this
subdivision shall- not apply to persons who treat the sick through prayer or spirit-
ual means, $10.00 per quarter.

(38) For each chiropractor, $10.00 per quarter.

(39)	For each osteopath, $10.00 per quarter.

(40)	For each advertising business or advertising counsel, $10.00

per quarter.

(41)	For each collection agency or mercantile agency, $10.00 per

quarter.

(42)	For each designer or decorator, $10.00 per quarter.

(43)	For each building contractor, $60.00 per annum, paid annually.

(44)	For each person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or
carrying on the business of paving or macadamizing contractor, $50.00 per quarter.

(45)	For each cabinet shop, carpenter shop or upholstery shop, $5.00

per quarter.
(46)	Any other contractor not specifically licensed by this or any other
ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, $60.00 per annum, paid annually.

(47)	For each nursery where plants, flowers, ferns, trees or other plants
are cultivated, grown or propagated for the purpose of sale, $3.00 per quarter.

(48)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of

a cold storage or refrigeration plant for the purpose of storing fruits, vegetables,
meats, fish, eggs or dairy products, or any other merchandise, shall pay a quarterly
license fee of $1.00 for each 1,000 square feet of floor area, or fraction thereof,
with a minimum quarterly tax of $10.00.

(49)	Every person with a fixed place of business within the City of Las
Vegas, who engages in the business of renting or selling outdoor advertising space,
whether bill board or electrical signs, shall pay a quarterly license fee of three
and one-half cents ($.03½) per square yard of front surface with a minimum quarterly
license of $12.50.

Every person who comes into the City of Las Vegas to lease or distribute
electrical signs or place them in use by any local business person, whether by lease,
sale or conditional sale contract, shall pay a quarterly license fee therefor in the
sum of $20.00.

(50)	For each locksmith, $6.00 per quarter, which license fee shall be
paid in addition to the license tax upon any other business operated by such person,
if he operates any other business.

(51)	For each person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of
house moving a quarterly license fee of $25.00 shall be paid, and in addition there-
to, he shall maintain on deposit with the City Clerk a bond in the penal sum of
$1,000 executed by a surety company authorized to do business in the State of Nevada
for the then current year, indemnifying the City against injury or damage to pave-
ments or other public property, and all other persons, firms or corporations, against
injury or damage to person or property occurring while any house is being moved into,
along or off any public street. In the event of a recovery by said City or any
private person, firm or corporation on said bond, the said bond or a similar substi-
tute shall be restored immediately to said penal sum of $1,000.

(52)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of house
wrecking or salvaging, shall pay a quarterly license fee of $12.50 per quarter.

(53)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of a
natatorium or swimming pool or tank, where a fee or charge is made for the use there-
of, or where rooms, lockers or bathing suits are rented in connection therewith,
shall pay an annual license fee of $25.00.

(54) Every automobile ticket agency or transportation agency, except
when conducted by the owner of the transportation agency line, shall pay a quarterly
license fee, of $7.50 per quarter. And such license fee shall be paid for such
business even though the person conducting such business or paying such license

fee may at the same time and in the same place, operate another business.

(55)	For every public stenographer, $5.00 per quarter. For the purpose
of this subdivision, a public stenographer is defined to be a person who makes a
business of typing for the general public or for persons other than himself or
his immediate permanent employer.

(56)	For each insurance adjuster or insurance adjusting agency, $10.00
per quarter, except that this subdivision shall not apply to regular insurance
agents adjusting losses for their own companies.

(57) For each automobile reclaiming agency, $5.00 per quarter.

(58) For each bail bond broker or bail bond brokerage business, $25.00
per quarter.

(59)	For each painting or decorating contractor, $50.00 per annum.

(60)	For each amusement park charging admission to the grounds, $5.00
per quarter.

(61)	For each private detective agency, bureau or business, $25.00 per

quarter.

(62)	For each abstract and/or title company doing business, maintaining
an agency, or operating in the City of Las Vegas, $25.00 per quarter.

(63)	For each brick yard, pressed brick plant, or adobe or concrete block
manufacturing plant, $40.00 per annum.

(64)	For each marble and/or granite workers' shop, $5.00 per quarter.

(65)	For each planing mill allowed by law, $5.00 per quarter.

(66)	For each automobile painting and/or sign painting establishment,
$25.00 per annum.

(67)	For each welding and/or iron works, $10.00 per quarter.

(68)	For each hair dressing or beauty parlor, or both, whether operated
in connection with a barber shop or separately, $10.00 per quarter.

(69)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of dis-
tributing advertising, samples, hand bills, dodgers or printed matter of any kind,
shall pay a quarterly license fee of $3.00 per quarter.

(70)	For each finance company, the sum of $40.00 per annum. For the pur-
pose of this subdivision, a finance company is defined to be any person, firm or cor-
poration other than banks, who makes a business of loaning to others for profit

and who holds himself out to the general public as such.

(71)	Every person, firm or corporation selling or distributing gasoline,
motor fuel oil of any kind, or lubricating oil of any kind, within the City of Las
Vegas, not for use as motor fuel for motor vehicles upon the highways of this State,
or not to be exported from this State or sold to the government of the United States
for official use of such government, shall pay a license fee of $30.00 per quarter.
And no such person, firm, corporation or dealer in such gasoline, motor fuel oil or
lubricating oil shall be required to include in his volume of business, the amount
of any such gasoline, motor fuel oil or lubricating oil sales under any license fee
paid under the provisions of Section Six of this ordinance.

(72)	Every person, firm or corporation renting riding horses shall pay a
quarterly license fee of $10.00 per quarter.

(73)	Every person, firm or corporation operating a trailer camp shall pay
a quarterly license fee of $5.00 per quarter.

(74)	For each boot black stand permitted by Ordinance of the City, $3.00

per quarter.
(7) Every person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on any busi-
ness not specifically licensed by this ordinance or any other ordinance of the City
of Las Vegas, shall pay a quarterly license fee of $25.00 per quarter.

Nothing in this ordinance contained shall be deemed br construed as
applying to any person engaged in any of the professions or occupations hereinabove
enumerated solely as an employee of any other person, firm or corporation conducting,
managing or carrying on any such business in the City of Las Vegas, unless specific-
ally so provided herein.

Section 2. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordi-
nance published in the LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW JOURNAL, a DAILY newspaper printed
and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks,
that is to say, once each week for a period of two weeks.

ATTEST:	JOHN L. RUSSELL,

MAYOR.

VIOLA BURNS
CITY CLERK.

(SEAL)

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full,
and adopted this 28th day of November, A.D., 1939, by the following vote:

Commissioners Joe S. Ronnow, Herb Krause, Al Corradetti and

____________________, and His Honor, the Mayor, John L. Russell, voting aye.

Voting No, none. Abesnt, Commissioner C.V.T. Gilbert.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a
recessed regular meeting held on the 28th day of November, 1939, at which time it
was proposed, considered and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and there after
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas, once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately following
its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board a second time at
a recessed meeting of the Board held on the 28th day of December, 1939.

Voting aye: Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Kraus, Corradetti, and
His Honor the Mayor John L. Russell.

Noes: None
Absent:_____

Approved:

ATTEST:	JOHN L. RUSSELL

VIOLA BURNS	Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

City Clerk

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK ( ss

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks from
November 29th 1939 to December 6th 1939 inclusive, being the issues of said news-
paper for the following dates, to-wit: November 29th- December 6th. That said
newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 11th day of December, 1939.

A. E. CAHLAN

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada
My Commission Expires
Jan 12 1943
(SEAL)

ORDINANCE NO. 250

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE SALE OF MILK, CREAM AND OTHER DAIRY PRODUCTS IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS: DEFINING STANDARDS FOR MILK AND CREAM: PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF
PERMITS FOR THE SALE OF MILK AND CREAM, AND THE REVOCATION OF SUCH PERMITS: PROVIDING
FOR THE CREATION OF A MILK ORDINANCE COMMITTEE: PROVIDING FOR TEE APPOINTMENT OF A
DAIRY AND MILK INSPECTOR: AUTHORIZING THE CITY COMMISSIONERS TO PROMULGATE RULES AND
REGULATIONS FOR THE ENFORCEMENT OF THIS ORDINANCE: PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIO-
LATION OF THIS ORDINANCE: REPEALING ORDINANCE NUMBER 200 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
ENTITLED, " AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE SALE OF MILK, CREAM AND OTHER DAIRY PRODUCTS
IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS: DEFINING STANDARDS FOR MILK AND CREA: PROVIDING FOR THE IS-
SUANCE OF PERMITS FOR THE SALE OF MILK AND CREAM, AND THE REVOCATION OF SUCH PERMITS;
AUTHORIZING THE CITY COMMISSIONERS TO PROMULGATE RULES AND REGULATIONS FOR THE EN-
FORCEMENT OF THIS ORDINANCE: PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF: AND RE-
PEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH;" AND REPEALING
ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT WITH THIS ORDINANCE.
The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. DEFINITION OF TERMS: That for the purpose of this Ordinance
the standard of milk, cream, buttermilk, skimmed milk and pasteurized milk, and ice
cream, sold or offered for sale, in the City of Las Vegas, whether in retail or whole-
sale quantities, is hereby defined as follows:

(а)	Milk in its natural state is the fresh, clean, lacteal secretion ob-
tained by the complete milking of one or more cows, or other recognized milk produc-
ing animals, properly fed and kept in a healthy condition and free from clinical symptoms
 of any infectious or communicable disease as determined by physical examination
at least once each year; and free from tuberculosis, mastitis and Bang's disease;
excluding such secretion for a period of fifteen (15) days before calving and for

a period of five (5) days after calving; containing not less than 3.50 per cent milk
fat, and a total of milk solids of not less than 12 per cent; and produced under con-
ditions that comply with the sanitary requirements established by the Las Vegas City
Milk Ordinance Committee.

COWS. TUBERCULOSIS AND OTHER DISEASES. (1) A physical examination,
tuberculin and Bang's disease test of all cows shall be made before any milk there-
from is sold, and at least once every twelve months thereafter by a duly licensed
veterinarian approved by the Sanitary Inspector or by the state livestock sanitary
authority, and said tests shall be made in accordance with the rules now or here-
after in effect adopted by the Board of Health of the City of Las Vegas. Any and
all raw milk sold as such in the City of Las Vegas shall be produced from State
Accredited Bang's disease-free herds.

A. certificate signed by the veterinarian and filed with the Sanitary
Inspector shall be the only valid evidence of the above tests. Every diseased ani-
mal shall be removed from the herd at once and no milk from diseased cows shall
be offered for sale. All reacting animals shall be isolated at once and immediately
excluded from the premises. All animals failing to pass the T.B. or Bang's disease
tests shall be branded with the letters "T" or "TB" or "B" on the shoulder, hip
or jaw, and removed at once and slaughtered under the direction of the Sanitary
Inspector. Each letter in the brand shall be not less than two inches high and one
and one-half inches wide. Further; herds where reactors are found shall be re-
tested each thirty (30) days, until two (2) consecutive clean tests have been made.

DAIRY BARNS (2) Lighting. Such sections of all dairy barns where cows
are kept or milked shall have at least three square feet of window space for each
stanchion.

(3)	AIR SPACE. Such sections of all dairy bams where cows are kept or
milked shall have at least four hundred (400) cubic feet of air space per stanchion,
and shall be well ventilated.

(4)	FLOORS. The floors and gutters of such parts of all dairy barns in
which cows are kept or milked shall be constructed of concrete or other equally
impervious and easily cleaned material approved by the Sanitary Inspector and shall
be graced to drain properly, and shall be kept clean and in good repair. No horses,
pigs, fowls, etc., shall be permitted in parts of the barn used for dairy purposes.

(5) WALLS AND CEILINGS. The walls and ceilings of all dairy barns shall
be whitewashed once each year or painted once every two years, or finished in a
manner approved by the Sanitary Inspector, and shall be kept clean and in good re-
pair. In case there is a second story above that part of the barn in which cows are
kept or milked, the ceiling shall be tight.

(6)	COW YARD. All cow yards shall be graded and drained as well as prac-
ticable and kept Clean.

(7)	MANURE DISPOSAL. All manure shall be removed and stored or disposed
of in such manner as best to prevent the breeding of flies therein.

(8)	MILK HOUSE OR ROOM. CONSTRUCTION. There shall be provided a separ-
ate milk house or milk room for the handling and storage of milk and the washing
and sterilization of milk apparatus and utensils, provided with a tight floor
constructed of concrete or other impervious material and graded to provide proper
drainage. The walls and ceilings of the milk house or room shall be of such con-
struction as to permit easy cleaning and shall be painted at least once each year
or finished in a manner approved by the Sanitary Inspector. The milk house or room
shall be well lighted and ventilated and all openings effectively screened to prevent
the entrance of flies, and shall be used for no other purpose than the handling

and storage of milk or milk products and other operations incident thereto. The
cleaning and other operations shall be so located and conducted as to prevent any
contamination one to the other. The milk room shall not open directly into the
barn or into any room used for sleeping or domestic purposes.

(9) CLEANLINESS AND FLIES: The floors, walls, ceilings and equipment
of the milk house or room shall be kept clean at all times. All means necessary for
the elimination of flies shall be used.

(10)	TOILET. Every dairy farm shall be provided with one or more sanitary
toilets conveniently located and properly constructed, and operated and maintained

so that the waste is inaccessible to flies and does not polute the surface soil or
contaminate any water supply.

(11)	WATER SUPPLY. The water supply shall be easily accessible, adequate,
and of a safe sanitary quality.

(12)	UTENSILS. CONSTRUCTION. All containers or utensils used in the
handling of storage of milk or milk products must be made of non-absorbent material
and of such construction as to be easily cleaned, and must be in good repair. Joints
and seams shall be soldered flush. All milk pails shall be of a sanitary design
approved by the Milk Ordinance Committee and Milk Inspector.

(13)	CLEANING. All containers and other utensils used in the handling
storage, or transportation of milk and milk products must be thoroughly cleaned
after each usage.

(14)	STERILIZATION* All containers and other utensils used in the hand-
ling, storage, or transportation of milk or milk products shall, between each usage,
be sterilized with steam or chlorine or in a manner conforming to the rules now or
hereafter in effect adopted by the Board of Health of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

(15)	STORAGE. All containers and other utensils used in the handling,
storage or transportation of milk or milk products shall be stored so as not to become
contaminated before again being used.
(16) HANDLING. After sterilization no container or other milk or
milk product utensil shall be handled in such manner as to permit any part of the
person or clothing to come in contact with any surface with which milk or milk pro-
ducts come in contact.

(17)	MILKING. UDDERS AND TEATS. The udders and teats of all milking
cows shall be clean at the time of milking.

(18)	FLANKS. The flanks of all milking cows shall be kept free from
visible dirt at the time of milking.

(19)	MILKERS' HANDS. Milkers' hands shall be clean, rinsed with a
disinfectant, and dried with a clean towel immediately before milking. Should the
milking operation be interrupted, the milkers' hands must be redisinfected. Wet
hand milking os prohibited. Convenient facilities shall be provided for the washing
of milkers' hands.

(20)	CLEAN CLOTHING: Milkers and Milk handlers shall wear clean outer
garmets while working.

(21)	MILK STOOLS* Milk stools shall be kept clean.

(22)	REMOVAL OF MILK. Each pail of milk shall be removed immediately
to the milk house or straining room. No milk shall be strained in the dairy barn.

(23) COOLING. Milk must be cooled within one hour after milking to
50 degrees Fahrenheit or less and maintained at or below the temperature until
delivery.

(24)	BOTTLING AND CAPPING. Capping shall be done by machine. Caps
shall be purchased in sanitary tubes and kept therein in a clean place until used.

(b)	CERTIFIED RAW MILK. Certified milk is milk which conforms with
the requirements of the American Association of Medical Milk Commissioners in force
at the time of production and is produced under the supervision of the City Board
of Health or the City health officer.

(c)	GRACE A. RAW MILK, is milk the average bacterial count of which
at the time of delivery to consumer does not exceed 100,000 bacteria per cubic centi-
meter, as determined by any standard method of counting approved by the American
Association of Agricultural Chemists, or the average reduction time of which is not
less than seven and one-half hours (7½) and which is produced from healthy animals

as herein provided, and from dairies that conform to Paragraph (a) and sub-paragraphs
7 to 24 above.

(d)	GRACE A PASTEURIZED MILK is a raw milk which has been pasteurized
by heating to a temperature of 142 degrees F. the temperature and time being auto-
matically recorded by a device approved by the State Sanitary Inspector for a period
of thirty minutes and then cooled to a temperature of 50 decrees F. or lower, and the
average bacterial count of which at the time of delivery to the pasteurizing plant
does not exceed 200,000 bacteria per cubic centimeter, or the average reducing time of
which is not less than five and three-fourths (5-3/4) hours, and the average bacteria
count of which at no time after pasteurizing until delivery to the consumer does not
exceed 50,000 bacteria per cubic centimeter or the average reduction time of which is
not less than eight (8) hours.

(e)	CREAM is that portion of milk, rich in milk fat which rises to the
surface when standing, or is removed by centrifugal force by mechanical means. It shall
contain not less than twenty-two (22) percent fat. Grade A raw cream or Grade A
pasteurized cream shall conform to all standard of Grade A raw milk or Grade A pas-
teurized milk, except that the bacterial count may be three times the maximum set for
Grade A pasteurized milk.

(f)	BUTTERMILK is the product which remains when butter is removed
from milk or cream in the process of churning or it may be cultured skim milk, and
shall contain by weight not less than eight (8) per cent of milk solids.

(g) SKIMMED MILK is milk from which all or a portion of the milk
fat has been removed and which by weight in the non-fatty portion thereof contains
not less than eight and eight-tenths (8.8) per cent of milk solids.

(G-a) ICE CREAM shall comply with standards set by State of Nevada.

(h) The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
may from time to time set up standards for milk products not otherwise defined in
this Ordinance.

Section 2. The term person imports both the singular and the plural
as the case demands, and shall include corporations, partnerships, societies, and
associations.

Section 3. (a) CREAM FOR MANUFACTURING PURPOSES shall be bought
from the producers on a butter-fat basis as determined by the Babcock test.

(b)	Checks on butter-fat tests in accordance with foregoing
paragraph and where called for in this Ordinance shall be made by a person desig-
nated by the Las Vegas City Milk Ordinance Committee, at any time required. Also
checks on butter fat tests made on milk when bought on a butter fat basis shall
come under this regulation.

(c)	It shall be unlawful to serve milk in any hote, boarding house,
restaurant, lunch counter, or other place of public entertainment, except in the
original bottle, the cap of which shall be removed in the presence of patron,
provided, however, that this provision shall not apply to cream so served.

(d)	SMALL INDIVIDUAL GLASS CONTAINERS not to exceed one quart

in capacity, shall be required for all market milk or skim milk used at fountains
or other places for the purpose of the sale of mixed drinks, provided, however,
that this provision shall not be construed to prohibit the use of the entire
contents of a bottle of market milk or skim milk so used.

Section 4. It shall be unlawful to sell or deliver for consump-
tion or to possess with intent to sell or deliver for consumption,

(a) Milk or cream to which water or other foreign substance has

been added;

(b) Milk or cream which fails to measure up to the standard as
herein provided;

(c)	Milk or cream which has been produced, stored, handled or trans-
ported by or in any unclean or unsanitary manner;

(d)	Milk or cream handled by any person suffering from any infectious,
contagious or communicable disease, the absence of such infection to be determined

by cultures of physical examination by the Board of Health of City of Las Vegas.

(e)	Milk	or	cream that has been transferred from	one	can,	bottle or

other receptacle to 	another,	on any	street, alley	or thoroughfare, or	upon	a dairy

wagon, or any place in the City of Las Vegas other than the dairy plant used exclus-
ively for	the	purpose of	preparing	said milk and	cream for sale.

(f)	Milk	or	cream,	the retail or	final container	of which	does not

bear a plain and conspicuous statement showing the kind or grade as herein defined,
and the name of the person producing it.
(g) Milk or cream that has not been pre-cooled to such standard
temperature fifty (50) degrees F. or lower, as herein provided.

SECTION 5. It shall be unlawful for any producer or distributor to sell
or deliver or possess with intent to sell or deliver any milk or cream without a
permit from the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, such permit
to be issued by the City Clerk upon a prescribed form. All applications for per-
mits shall be in writing and shall state the location of the dairy or place of
business; whether the applicant is owner, lessee or agent of the dairy; and the
description and number of cows in the dairy herd. If the applicant is obtaining
milk or cream from any source other than the herd described, he shall make the
same statement for each dairy or herd from which he procures such milk and cream.
Each applicant for a permit to be issued under the terms of this ordinance shall
be accompanied by a fee of two dollars ($2), and all permits shall expire on the
thirty-first day of December of each year. Fees so collected shall be used for the
administration of the Milk Ordinance. Before the issuance of a permit, the appli-
cation of same shall be passed upon by the Las Vegas Milk Ordinance Committee, as
hereinafter provided, and said Milk Ordinance Committee shall recommend to the
City Commissioners whether or not the same shall be issued. A reasonable time shall
be allowed for the examination by the duly authorized milk Inspector of the dairy
herds described in the application for permits, before any recommendations shall
be made to the City Commissioner by said Milk Ordinance Committee; provided, how-
ever, that the provisions of this section shall not apply to retail grocery stores,
restaurants, or other retail establishments situated in the City of Las Vegas, pur-
chasing milk or milk products from Distributors duly licensed under the terms of
this Ordinance.

PROVIDED FURTHER: That all milk shipped into the City of Las Vegas
from out of state points for retail distribution must be raw milk; and provided,
further, that in case of necessity due to an extreme shortage of milk or cream,
any Milk Distributor licensed by the city of Las Vegas may obtain a supply of milk
or cream either raw or pasteurized from other sources than his regular patrons
by notifying the Milk Inspector of such shipment.

SECTION 6. Notice shall be sent to the City Health Officer immediately
by any milk producer or distributor upon whose dairy or in whose milk plant any
case of sickness or any infectious, contagious or communicable disease occurs,
among the personnel employed in such dairy or milk plant.

SECTION 7. The duly designated dairy and Milk Inspector shall at all
times reasonable, have access for the purpose of inspection and taking samples,
of any dairy or other place where milk or cream is produced for sale, or to any
wagon, truck, warehouse, or station to which milk or cream is being transported,
or is being held for transportation or delivery. Any person who hinders or pre-
vents such access shall be deemed guilty of a violation of this Ordinance.

SECTION 8. A Milk Ordinance Committee consisting of three members shall
be appointed immediately upon the adoption of this Ordinance, one member to rep-
resent and be appointed by the Milk Producers, and one member to represent and
be appointed by the Milk Distributors, and the third member to be appointed by and
be a member of the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, and who shall act as
Chairman of said Committee and as such shall call a regular monthly meeting of
the Committee. Also he shall call an annual meeting for the election of officers
and notify each permittee in writing, of the meeting at least one week before it
is to be held. Each member of the Milk Ordinance Committee shall hold office for
one year, and until his successor shall be appointed and qualified. The Committee
shall recommend to the City Commissioners the person desired to be appointed Milk
Inspector, who shall be a qualified graduate veterinarian with a state and city
license, or some person qualified by training and experience with a knowledge of
the dairy industry, qualified to make all necessary tests, who has a state milk
tester's license, and the committee shall receive from said Dairy and Milk In-
spector monthly reports written or oral covering his official activities for the
previous month at a regular monthly meeting of the Milk Ordinance Committee; and
shall confer with the City Commissioners from time to time relative to the effic-
ient enforcement of this Ordinance.

SECTION 9. The City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas are hereby
authorized to make by resolution such regulations from time to time as are nec-
essary for the efficient enforcement of this Ordinance; to appoint a suitable person
as Dairy and Milk Inspector for the City of Las Vegas in accordance with Section 8;
and to issue permits for the sale of milk and cream as herein provided. The City
Commissioners, upon the recommendation of the Milk Ordinance Committee, after
affording the permittee a hearing, may revoke any permit issued under the terms
of this Ordinance, upon determining that the person has violated any of the prov-
isions of this Ordinance or the regulations made thereunder.

SECTION 10. The salary and mileage allowance of the Dairy and Milk In-
spector shall be fixed by the Milk Ordinance Committee and approved by the Board
of City Commissioners, and the same to be paid monthly from the money collected by
the City for fees as provided in the next succeeding paragraph. All laboratory
rental, costs of supplies, equipment for making of tests, and mailing reports and
any and all other expense incurred in his official duties in the laboratory shall
be furnished and paid for by the City of Las Vegas up to an amount not exceeding
the sum of Twenty-five Dollars ($25.00) per month.

SECTION 11. In order to create a fund for the payment of the salary and
mileage of the Milk Inspector the following fees are hereby levied against all
producers and distributors of milk and milk products herein named, doing business

in said City:

All producers of milk and buttermilk shall pay to the City Clerk at the
end of each month a sum equal to one-tenth of a cent ($.001) per gallon on all
such milk and buttermilk handled during such month, and all distributors of milk
and buttermilk shall pay to the City Clerk at the end of each month a sum equal to
one-tenth of a cent ($.001) per gallon on all milk and buttermilk handled during
such month. And each such producer and distributor shall pay to the City Clerk
at the end of each month a sum equal to one-half cent ($.005) per gallon on all cream
handled during such month, and three tenths of one cent ($.003) per gallon on ice
Cream or ice cream mix shipped into the City of Las Vegas.

All expenses for examinations and treatments of live stock shall be
paid by the owners or operators of the dairy herds of cows being inspected, except
services that may. be given during regular routine inspection work.

SECTION 12. Any person violating any of the provisions of this
Ordinance shall, upon conviction be punished by a fine of not less than ten dollars
($10.00) nor more than Two Hundred Dollars ($200.00) or by imprisonment in the City
Jail for a period of not less than five days nor more than one hundred (100) days or
by both such fine and imprisonment.

SECTION 15. Ordinance Number 200 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE SALE OF MILK, CREAM AND OTHER DAIRY PRODUCTS IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS: DEFINING STANDARDS FOR MILK AND CREAM: PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF
PERMITS FOR THE SALE OF MILK AND CREAM, AND THE REVOCATION OF SUCH PERMITS: AUTHOR-
IZING THE CITY COMMISSIONERS TO PROMULGATE RULES AND REGULATIONS FOR THE ENFORCEMENT
OF THIS ORDINANCE: PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF: AND REPEALING ALL
ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, and all other ordinances
and parts of ordinances in conflict with this Ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 14. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordi-
nance published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, printed and published in
the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada for a period of two weeks, that is to say,
once each week for a period of two weeks.

________JOHN L. RUSSELL____________

Mayor

ATTEST:

VIOLA BURNS
CITY CLERK

(SEAL)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and
adopted this 12th day of December, A.D., 1959, by the following vote: Commissioners

Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause, Corradetti and _________________ and his Honor, the Mayor, voting

AYE: Voting NO, none.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a re-
cessed regular meeting held on the 12th day of December, 1959, at which time it was
proposed, considered and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published
in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, once each
week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And it was
thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time at a regular meeting of the Board
held on the 4th day of January, 1940.

Voting aye: Commissioners Ronnow and Krause, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none. Absent Commissioner Corradetti. Excused before vote was
called Commissioner Gilbert.

Approved:

ATTEST:	JOHN L. RUSSELL

VIOLA. BURNS	Mayor of the City of Las Vegas,

CITY CLERK	Nevada

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

	( SS

COUNTY OF CLARK )

C. P. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says:

That he is Publisher of LAS VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper of general
circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 249 was published in said newspaper for
a period of Two Weeks from December 16, 1959 to December 25, 1959, inclusive being
the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: December 16, 25, 1959.
That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $232.80.

Signed: C. P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th day of December, 1959.

C. D. BREEZE

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada

My Commission Expires June 9, 1945.

(SEAL)
ORDINANCE NO. 251

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 2, AS AMENDED, AND SECTION 16, AS AMENDED,

OF ORDINANCE NO. 203 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE REGULATING
THE DISTRIBUTION AND CONTROL OF INTOXICATING AND ALCOHOLIC LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES:
REGULATING PLACES WHERE AND UNDER WHAT CONDITIONS SAID INTOXICATING AND ALCOHOLIC
LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES MAY BE KEPT, SOLD, GIVEN AWAY OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED; PRO-
VIDING FOR PERMITS AND LICENSES; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS
ORDINANCE; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THERE-
WITH," AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT WITH THIS
ORDINANCE.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 2 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas (as
amended) is hereby amended to read as follows:

DEFINITIONS: For the interpretation of this Ordinance unless context
indicates a different meaning:

1.	The word "alcohol" means a product of distillation of any fermented
liquor, rectified either once or oftener, whatever may be the origin thereof, and
includes synthetic ethyl alcohol.

2.	The word "spirits" means any liquor which contains alcohol obtained
by distillation, mixed with drinkable water and other substances in solution, includ-
ing brandy, rum, whiskey and gin.

3.	The word "wine" means any alcoholic liquor obtained by the ferment-
ation of natural sugar contents of fruits or other agricultural products containing
sugar, including fortified wines such as port, sherry and champagne.

4. The word "beer" means any liquor obtained by the alcoholic ferment-
ation of an infusion or decoction of malt, barley and hops in drinking water.

5.	The word "beverage" means any beer or wine containing not more than
30 per centum of alcohol by weight.

6.	The words "alcoholic liquor" include the four varieties of liquor de-
fined (alcohol, spirits, wine and beer), and wine or beer, spirits and every liquid
or solid patented or not, containing alcohol and capable of being consumed by human
beings.

7.	The word "Hotel" means every building or other structure kept, used,
maintained, advertised, or held out to the public to be a place where food is served
and sleeping accommodations are offered for pay to transient guests, in which thirty
or more rooms are used for the sleeping accommodations of such transient guests

and having one or more dining rooms where meals are served to such transient guests,
such sleeping accommodations and dining rooms being conducted in the same building
or buildings in connection therewith.

(8) The word "restaurant" means space in a suitable building kept,
used, maintained, advertised or held out to the public to be a place where meals are
served without sleeping accommodations, and where twenty-five persons or more may be
served with meals at any one time at tables.

9.	The word "club" means an association of persons, whether incorpor-
ated or unincorporated, for the promotion of some common object (but not including
associations organized for any commercial or business purpose the object of which is
money profit) owning, hiring or leasing a building or space in a building of such
extent and character as may be suitable and adequate for the reasonable and comfort-
able use and accommodation of its members and other guests.

10.	The word "Tavern" means a place where alcoholic liquors are sold at
retail to the general public, and a place where no other kind of business or business-
es is or are being maintained or conducted, except that in such taverns, cigars, cigar-
ettes, tobaccos, nuts, jerkey, popcorn and pretzels may be sold or given away. Other-
wise, however, no lunches, food-stuffs, or so-called "free lunches" are to be either
sold or given away in such taverns.

11.	The word "cabaret" means a place for the entertainment of guests,
and where meals and beverages or alcoholic liquors are served or sold at retail,
at tables only, and not at or over a bar.

12.	A "drugstore" means a place where medicines are sold and prescrip-
tions compounded.

13.	A "wholesale liquor establishment" is defined to be a place where
alcoholic spirituous, vinous, malt or mixed alcoholic and intoxicating liquors and
beverages are kept, sold, given away or distributed, contained in sealed or corked
packages or kegs, and not to be consumed on the premises where so kept, sold, given
away or distributed, and to be sold, given away or distributed to retailers only, and
only in the original packages or kegs. And every wholesale liquor establishment shall
keep a record of the retail city license number of each and every person, firm or cor-
poration to whom any sale or gift of liquor is made and shall keep an invoice, of each
and every such sale or gift of liquor, and shall insert on such invoice, such retail
license number, and such invoices shall at all times, during business hours, be open

to inspection by the City of Las Vegas.

14.	A "retail liquor establishment" is defined to be a place where alco-
holic liquors and beverages are sold, served, or otherwise distributed in quantities
not exceeding four and nine-tenths (4.9) gallons to the same person or for the same
person's use at any one time.

SECTION 2. Section 16 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas,

(as amended) is hereby further amended to read as follows:

The rates for licenses provided for in this Ordinance shall be, and the
same are fixed and established, and the same shall be paid in advance by all persons
receiving such licenses respectively, as follows:

1. For a wholesale liquor license, which shall include the right to
wholesale alcoholic liquors and beverages of all kinds, the sum of $75.00 per

quarter.	

2.	For an importer's license the sum of $50.00 per quarter. An im-
porter's license shall authorize the holder thereof to be the first person in
possession of wines, beers or other alcoholic liquors within the City of Las Vegas
after completion of the act of the importation of such wines, beers or other
alcoholic liquors from without the State and which have been brewed, fermented

or produced outside the state. It shall not authorize the sale of any type of
wines, beers or other alcoholic liquors.
In order to make such sales the licensee must first secure the appropriate license or
licenses applicable to the class or classes of business in which he is engaged.

3. For a wholesale beverage license the sum of $37.50 per quarter.

4. For a tavern liquor license the sum of $250.00 per quarter.

5.	For a club liquor license, the sum of $25.00 per quarter.

6.	For a restaurant beverage license, the sum of $180.00 per quarter.

7.	For a cabaret license, selling beverages only the sum of $125.00
per quarter.

8.	For	a cabaret liquor license, the	sum	of $300.00 per quarter.

9.	For	a Retail Liquor Establishment	to be maintained only in the

zone designated in Section 4 of Ordinance No. 203, as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance
No. 246, or a drug store, for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in the original
containers, as received	from the distiller	or wholesaler, not to	be consumed on	the

premises, in quantities	not exceeding four	and nine-tenths (4.9) gallons to the	same

persons and for the same person's use at any one time, and in quantities not less than
one	pint or	sixteen	fluid	ounces to the same person and	for	the same person's use at

any	one time,	the	sum	of $162.50 per quarter. Nor shall	any	liquors, except as above

authorized, be sold, offered for sale, displayed or carried in stock; provided, however,
that under this license, and without additional payment therefor, the licensee shall be
permitted to serve alcoholic beverages containing not more than five and one-half per
cent (5½%) of alcohol by weight, to be consumed upon the premises.

10.	For a retail liquor establishment to be maintained only in the

zone designated in Section 4 of Ordinance No. 203, as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance
No. 246, or a drug store, far the distribution of alcoholic liquors in the original
containers, as received	from the distiller	or wholesaler, not to	be consumed on	the

premises, in quantities	not exceeding four	and nine tenths (4.9)	gallons to the	same

person and for the same person's use at any one time, the sum of $243.75 per quarter;

provided, however, that under this license, and without additional payment therefor,
the licensee shall be permitted to serve alcoholic beverages containing not more than
five and one-half per cent (5½%) of alcohol by weight, to be consumed upon the premises.

11.	For a retail beverage license for the sale of beverages contain-
ing nor more than five and one-half per cent (5½%) of alcohol by weight, the sum of

$37.50 per quarter.

12.	For a cocktail room, or a room adjacent to or in close proximity
to a tavern, where alcoholic liquors containing more than five and one-half per cent
(5½%) of alcohol by weight are served to the general public from such tavern and where
music or other entertainment is furnished for the pleasure of its guests, the sum of
$25.00 per quarter.

Section 3. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with
the provisions of this ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 4. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say,
once each week for a period of two weeks.

JOHN L. RUSSELL

ATTEST:	MAYOR

VIOLA BURNS
CITY CLERK
(SEAL)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full
and adopted this 16th day of February, A.D., 1940, by the following vote: Commission-
ers Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor, the Mayor, J.L. Russell,
voting aye. Voting No, none.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board on the 16th day of February, 1940, at which time
it was proposed, considered and voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter pub-
lished in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, for a period of once a week for two
consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And it was thereafter read
aloud to the Board for a second time at a recessed meeting of the Board held on the 29th
day of March, 1940.

Voting Aye; Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti,
and His Honor, the Mayor, John L. Russell. Voting No, None. Absent. None.

JOHN L. RUSSELL

ATTEST:	Mayor of the City of Las Vegas,

VIOLA BURNS	Nevada

CITY CLERK
(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss

DICK LOCHRIE being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the at-
tached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks, from
Feb 19th 1940 to Feb 26th 1940 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: Feb 19th-26th That said newspaper was regularly issued and
circulated on each of the dates above mentioned.

Signed Dock Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th day of February 1940.

A. E. Cahlan

(SEAL)	Notary Public in and for Clark

My Commission Expires Jan 12 1943.	County, Nevada
ORDINANCE NO. 252

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 2 AS AMENDED, OF ORDINANCE NO. 168 OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE OF THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, ESTABLISHING A RESIDENCE DISTRICT, INDUSTRIAL AND COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS WITHIN
THE SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS: DEFINING SUCH DISTRICTS: DECLARING IT UNLAWFUL TO ERECT,
ESTABLISH, MAINTAIN OR OPERATE CERTAIN FACTORIES, WORKS OR ESTABLISHMENTS WITHIN SAID
RESIDENCE DISTRICTS AND SAID COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS: REGULATING THE ERECTION, ESTAB-
LISHMENT, MAINTENANCE, OPERATION AND REBUILDING OF CERTAIN WORKS OR ESTABLISHMENTS
IN SAID DISTRICTS: PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF SAID ORDINANCE AND RE*
PEALING ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. Section 2 of Ordinance No. 168 of the City of Las Vegas, as
amended, is hereby amended to read as follows:

That the commercial districts are hereby created and established
within the said City as described as follows:

All frontage on Fremont Street from Main Street to the east City Limits
to a depth not exceeding 150 feet; all frontage on Fifth Street from the south City
Limits to the north property line of Stewart Street to a depth not exceeding 150 feet;
all frontage on the east side of Fifth Street from the north property line of Stewart
Street to the north City Limits to a depth not exceeding 150 feet; all lots fronting
on First Street from Bridger Street to Stewart Street; all lots fronting on Second
Street from Stewart Street to Clark Street; all lots fronting on Third Street from
Stewart Street to Bridger Street; all lots fronting on Sixth Seventh, Eighth, Ninth,
Tenth, Eleventh and Twelfth Streets from Stewart Street to Carson Street; all lots
fronting on the south side of Stewart Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street; all
lots fronting on the north side of Carson Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street;
all lots fronting on Ogden Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street; all lots on
Clark Avenue and Wilson Avenue in the Original Townsite; all frontage on the east
side of Main Street from Carson Street to Stewart Street to a depth not exceeding 150
feet.

SECTION 2. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this
ordinance are hereby repealed.

SECTION 3. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper printed and pub-
lished in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that
is to say, once each week for a period of two weeks.

JOHN L. RUSSELL,

Mayor.

ATTEST:

VIOLA BURNS, CITY CLERK
(SEAL)

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and
approved this 19th day of March, A.D., 1940, by the following vote: Voting Aye:

Commissioners Ronnow, Krause, Corradetti and __________________. Voting No. Mayor

Russell. Absent: Commissioner Gilbert.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a re-
cessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 19th day of March,
1940, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted upon and adopted, and
thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, for a period of once
a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And it
was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time at a regular meeting of
the Board held on the 4th day of April, 1940.

Voting Aye; Commissioners Gilbert, Krause, Corradetti. Voting No,

Mayor Russell. Absent, Commissioner Ronnow.

ATTEST:	JOHN L. RUSSELL

VIOLA BURNS	Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

CITY CLERK
(CITY SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK ( SS

DICK LOCHRIE being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las
Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from March
20th, 1940 to March 27th 1940, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit: March 20th-27th.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named.

Signed: Dick Lochrie.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th day of March, 1940.

A. E. CAHLAN

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
(SEAL)	Nevada

My Commission Expires Jan 12, 1943.
ORDINANCE NO. 253

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 3 OF ORDINANCE NO. 210 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED "AN
ORDINANCE TO FIX, IMPOSE AND PROVIDE FOR THE COLLECTION OF A LICENSE TAX ON MOTOR PROPELLED
VEHICLES OPERATED FOR HIRE, AND TO REGULATE THE OPERATION AND RUNNING OF THE SAME, WITHIN
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS: FIXING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS
ORDINANCE; AND REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 100 AND ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. Section 3 of Ordinance No. 210 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended
to read as follows:

SECTION 3. SECURITY TO BE FURNISHED. Before a license to operate shall be granted
to any person, firm, association, or corporation engaged in operating taxicabs, rent car service,
or any vehicle as herein defined for hire in the City of Las Vegas, they or it shall deposit
with the City Clerk a policy or policies securing payment in accordance with the provi-
sions thereof to the patrons and passengers of each taxicab specifically insured and any
and all other persons, except the operator or any of his employees, (a) for damages because
of bodily injury or death sustained by any such persons caused by accident and arising out
of negligence in the use or operation of such taxicab; (b) for damages because of injury to
or destruction of property (except property owned by, rented to, leased to, in charge of, or
transported by the operator other than baggage of passengers) caused by accident and ari-
sing out of negligence in the use or operation of such taxicab, for the following amounts;
as respects coverage (a), Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00) for each person and subject to
that limit for each person, Ten Thousand Dollars (10,000.00) for each accident; and as res-
pects Coverage (b), Five Thousand Dollars (5,000.00) for each accident. No such policy of
interest shall be cancelled prior to its expiration upon five (5) days' notice in writing
to the City Clerk. Upon the cancellation or expiration of such policy of insurance, it shall
be unlawful to operate any taxicab covered thereby until a new policy of insurance meeting
the requirements of this Ordinance shall have been deposited with the City Clerk. The
said policy of insurance shall be issued by a company authorized to do business in this
state and shall be approved by the City Attorney as to form and compliance with this Or-
dinance.

When any person, firm, association, or corporation is operating more than one vehicle
as herein defined for hire at any one time in the City of Las Vegas, the said owner shall
furnish an additional automobile liability policy as set forth above for each additional
car so operated.

SECTION 2. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published
in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for
a period of two weeks.

JOHN L. RUSSELL.

Mayor.

ATTEST:

VIOLA BURNS, CITY CLERK
(CITY SEAL)

The above and aforegoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and
adopted this 9th day of July, A. D. 1940 by the following vote: Voting Aye: Commissioners

Ronnow, Krause _____________________ and	, and his Honor, the Mayor.

Voting Noe: None. Absent: Commissioners Gilbert and Corradetti.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a recessed
regular meeting of the Board held on the 9th day of July, 1940 at which time it was pro-
posed, considered and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and there after published in the
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas
for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first
reading. And it was there after read aloud to the Board a second time at a regular meeting
of the Board held on the 5th of August, 1940.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause, Corradetti and His Honor
the Mayor John L. Russell.

Noes: None

Absent: None

Approved:

JOHN L. RUSSELL

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

ATTEST:

VIOLA BURNS, CITY CLERK
(CITY SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
COUNTY OF CLARK)

DICK LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of Two Weeks from July 10th, 1940 to July 18th, 1940
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit; July 10th-18th
That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed; DICK LOCHRIE
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th day of July, 1940.

A. E. CAHLAN

Notary Public in and for Clark County,

Nevada

(SEAL)

May Commission Expires January 12th, 1943

ORDINANCE NO. 254.

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 1, AS AMENDED, OF ORDINANCE NUMBER 168 OF THE CITY
OF IAS VEGAS, ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE OF THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ESTABLI-
SHING A RESIDENCE DISTRICT, INDUSTRIAL AND COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS; WITHIN THE SAID CITY OF

LAS VEGAS; DEFINING SUCH DISTRICTS; DECLARING IT UNLAWFUL TO ERECT, ESTABLISH, MAINTAIN,

OR OPERATE CERTAIN FACTORIES, WORKS OR ESTABLISHMENTS WITHIN SAID RESIDENCE DISTRICTS AND
SAID COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS; REGULATING THE ERECTION, ESTABLISHMENT, MAINTENANCE, OPERATION
AND REBUILDING OF CERTAIN WORKS OR ESTABLISHMENTS IN SAID DISTRICTS; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR
THE VIOLATION OF SAID ORDINANCE, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH".

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. Section 1 of said Ordinance Number 168 is hereby amended to read as

follows:

That all of the City of Las Vegas is hereby established as, and declared to be
a residence district, excepting therefrom those portions of the City included within the
boundaries of the hereinafter described commercial districts and industrial districts, and
said residence district is hereby divided into four zones, bounded and restricted as follows:

RESIDENCE ZONE NUMBER 1. That portion of said City of Las Vegas lying east of
the alley between Fifth Street and Sixth Street, west of the alley between Tenth Street and
Eleventh Street, north of lewis Street and south of the north line of Buck's sub-division
and the north line of the re-plat of Grandview Addition, and that portion of the. City of
Las Vegas lying east of the alley between Second Street and Third Street, west of the alley
between Fourth Street and Fifth Street, north of Charleston Boulevard and south of Garces
Street, shall be subject to the following restrictions:

(a)	All of said zone shall be restricted to residence on dwellings of a minimum
value of Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00); courts and apartment houses, flats or duplexes
to a minimum value of Eight Hundred Fifty Dollars ($850.00) per room, with no single buil-
ding for residence purposes of a less value than Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00); and no
house or building shall be moved into said district that is of less value than Three Thou-
sand Dollars $3,000.00) when completed, and that the same must be completed within ninety
days from the time such building is moved into said district, and no building shall be occu-
pied for living purposes until the same is entirely completed.

(B)	All Buildings must be set back from the street on which the lot faces, or front
street, at least twenty-five feet, and there shall not be more than two separate residences
on each fifty (50) foot lot.

(C)	No tent house, shack or garage shall be erected, maintained or occupied as
a dwelling except for a maximum period of ninety (90) days during the actual construction
of a residence or other dwelling on the same property, in conformity with City Ordinance.

RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 2. That portion of said City lying east of the alley between
fifth street and Sixth Street, west of the alley between Tenth Street and Eleventh Street
north of Charleston Boulevard, and south of Lewis Street, shall be subject to the follo-
wing restrictions:

(A)	All of said zone shall be restricted to one single family residence of a
minimum of Thirty-five Hundred Dollars ($3,500.00) and no house or building shall be moved
into said zone.

(B)	All Buildings must be set back from the street on which lot faces, or front
street, at least twenty-five feet, and there shall not be more than one single family
dwelling in each fifty foot lot, provided that on 75 foot corner lots, and on lots upon
which there is already erected one dwelling on the rear of said lot, one additional single
family dwelling may be erected subject to the above mentioned setback.

(C)	No tent house, shack or garage shall be erected, maintained or occupied as
a dwelling in this zone.

RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 3. That portion of the Westside of the City of Las Vegas,
namely, that portion of west of the Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad right-of-way, lying
north of the alley between Wilson Avenue and Gass Avenue, and south of the alley between
Jefferson Avenue and Madison Avenue, west of First Street West, and east of the Tonopah High-
way, shall be subject to the following restrictions.

(A)	All of the said zone shall be restricted to residences and dwellings, apart-
ment houses, flats, bungalow courts or auto courts of a minimum value of Fifteen Hundred
Dollars ($5,500.00), and no residence or dwelling, apartment house, flat, bungalow court or
auto court shall be moved into said district that is of a less value than Fifteen Hundred
Dollars ($1,500.00) when completed and all buildings moved into said district or construc-
ted therein shall be completed within six months from the time of the commencement of such
moving or construction, and no building shall be occupied for living purposes until the
same shall be entirely completed.

(B)	No bungalow court or auto court shall be erected which shall have a less
value than Seven Hundred Fifty Dollars ($750.00) per room, but for the purposes of this sub-
division, a bath room shall not be considered a room.
(C)	No tent house, shack or garage shall be erected, maintained or occupied as a dwelling
dwelling except for a maximum period of six months during actual construction of a residence
or other dwellings on the same property, in conformity with ordinances of the City of Las Vegas.

(RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 4. All of the City of Las Vegas not included in the limits
of residence Zone Number 1, Residence Zone No. 2, and Residence Zone No. 3, shall be conside-
red Residence Zone No. 4, excepting therefrom those sections classified as commercial distric-
ts and industrial districts.

SECTION II All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with this Or-
dinance are herewith repealed.

... SECTION III The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance publi-
shed in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period
of tow weeks.

JOHN L. RUSSELL
Mayor.

ATTEST:

VIOLA BURNS, CITY CLERK
(CITY SEAL)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted
this 16th day of July, A. D. 1940 by the following vote:	Voting Aye: Commissioners Ro-

nnow, Krause, _______________________ and ______________________, and his Honor, the Mayor.

Voting No: Commissioners: None

Absent: Commissioners Gilbert and Corradetti.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a recessed re-
gular meeting held on the 16th day of July, 1940, at which time it was proposed, conside-
red and voted upon and unanimously adopted and there after published in the Las Vegas Age,
a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for a period of once a week for two
consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And it was there after read
aloud to the Board for a second time at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 5th day
of August, 1940.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause, Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor
John L. Russell.

Noes: None	Absent: None.

Approved JOHN L. RUSSELL

ATTEST*

VIOLA BURNS, CITY CLERK	............. Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

(CITY SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
COUNTY OF CLARK )

DOROTHY D. BRIMACOMBE being duly sworn, deposes and says: That she is gene-
ral manager of Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance was
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from July 19th to July 26th, inclusive
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 19 and 26, 1940.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $63.90.

Signed DOROTHY D. BRIMACOMBE

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of August 1940

C. D. BREEZE

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

(SEAL)

My Commission Expires June 9th, 1943

ORDINANCE NO. 255 not read the second time.
ORDINANCE NO. #256

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS PROVIDING FOR THE ACQUISITION OF A MUNICIPAL
AIRPORT BY TAKING OVER THE PRESENT AIRPORT OF WESTERN AIR EXPRESS CORPORATION, PURSUANT
TO A PROCLAMATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, MADE AND ISSUED
ON THE 12TH DAY OF NOVEMBER, A.D. 1940, AND PUBLISHED IN THE LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOUR-

NAL ON NOVEMBER 12TH, 1940, NOVEMBER 19TH, 1940, AND NOVEMBER 26TH, 1940.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

WHEREAS the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas did on the 12th day of
November, A. D. 1940, make an. issue its proclamation for the acquisition of a Municipal
Airport, which proclamation is in words and figures, as follows:

"	PROCLAMATION

of

The City of Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada, for the acquisition of	a

MUNICIPAL AIRPORT.	

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, is desirous of acquiring, operating
and maintaining a municipal airport, and,	

WHEREAS Western Air Express Corporation now owns, operates and maintains a commercial	

airport	about	nine miles	northeast of the City of	Las Vegas,	known as and	called	the Las	

Vegas Airport	of Western	Air Express Corporation,	which is now being used	by all	commercial	

planes owned and operated by said Western Air Express Corporation on all its flights through	

said city of Las Vegas, and is also being used by Transcontinental & Western Air, Inc., on	

its regular run from San Francisco, California, to Phoenix, Arizona, and is also being used	j

by the United States government planes when occasion requires them to stop at Las Vegas,	

as well	as by	all privately owned planes desiring	to land in	Las Vegas, and is the only operating

airport	in the immediate	vicinity of said City of	Las Vegas,	and,	

WHEREAS the said city of Las Vegas desires to acquire title to said airport and improve
the same with the aid of Federal funds so as to bring said airport up to an airport of the
Third Class, or better, as classified by the Civil Aeronautics Board of the United States,
and,

WHEREAS representatives of said Western Air Express Corporation and of said city of
Las Vegas have agreed upon the terms of transfer which are that said Western Air Express
Corporation shall convey said airport with its improvements and appurtenances and the ad-
ministration building and its furnishings unto said city of Las Vegas in consideration of
the improvements of said airport by said city, and its use by said Western Air Express
Corporation for a period of thirty years without rent to said city for such use by said
Western Air Express Corporation, and,

WHEREAS the land so to be conveyed to said City of Las Vegas by said Western Air Ex-
press Corporation, is described as follows:

The East half (E½; and the East half of the
Southwest Quarter (E½ of SW ¼) of Section Three
(3); the West half of the Northwest Quarter (W½
of NW¼); the Northeast Quarter of the Northwest
Quarter (NE¼ of NW¼); and the Northwest Quarter
of the Southwest Quarter (NW¼ of SW¼) of Section
two (2); all in the Township twenty (20) South,

Range sixty-two (62) East, M.D.B. & M.; also the
Southeast Quarter (SE¼) of Section Thirty-Four (34); ana
and the West half of the Southwest Quarter (W½ of SW¼);
and the Northeast Quarter of the Southwest Quarter
(NE ¼ of SW¼) of Section Thirty-Five (35); all in
Township Nineteen (19) South, Range Sixty-two (62) East
M.D.B.& M., together with all and singular the tene-
ments, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto be-
longing or in anywise appertaining, and,

WHEREAS the personal property so to be conveyed to said City of Las Vegas by said
Western Air Express Corporation, and which is now situate upon said land, is described as
follows:

1 Deep Well Deming water pump

1 Westinghouse Motor 220V	2 HP with belt and pulley

1 Water tower house 15 x 15 feet
1 General Electric rotating beacon 24"

1 Green rotating beacon 12" lite
1 Office Building 12' x 17' for GAA
1 Garage 27' x 24'

1 Administration building
1 Kohler house 14' x 24'

1 Kohler plant complete 5KVA 220 V
1 Jeffries Auto transformer for field lites
1 General Electric transformer 220 F to 120 F 2 KW

1 Fuse panel for entire field service
1 Switch box 110V single phase
1 Switch box 220V three phase
1 Lighted wind sock complete on garage
1 Lighted wind stock on field

Approximately 17296 feet parkway cable in field
lite service

52 Field lite cones complete with lites

3 extra cones
1 Water tank 5000 gal.
1 LACO Model 12NL Oil burner furnace complete
with 500 Gallon tank,	and,

WHEREAS the said City of Las Vegas contemplates improving said Airport with the aid
of Federal funds so as to bring the rating of said airport up to an airport of the Third
Class, as classified by the Civil Aeronautice Board of the United States, and in pursu-
ance of said contemplated improvements, intends to make application to the Civil Aeronau-
tics Board of the United States for an allocation of Federal funds in the sum of Three
Hundred Thousand dollars or thereabouts, and,

WHEREAS the said City of Las Vegas desires to, and intends to build and erect upon said
airport an administration building within two years from the 4th day of November, A.D. 1940
at a cost of not less than Twenty Five Thousand	dollars	and property	furnish the same, and

WHEREAS the said City of Las Vegas desires	to, and	intends to make the aforesaid

application for Federal funds within sixty days from the 4th day of November, A.D. 1940,
and immediately upon the allocation of said Federal funds to said City for said purpose,
to proceed with said contemplated improvements and have the same, including the erection
of said administration buildings, entirely completed within two years from said 4th day of
November A.D. 1940, and

WHEREAS the use of said airport by said Western Air Express Corporation is not to be
exclusive, but in common with any and all other	aircraft	desiring to	use said airport

upon such conditions as may, from time to time,	be laid	down by said	City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS the terms of agreement between said City and said Western Air Express Corpo-
ration have been reduced to writing, and,

WHEREAS; the said Western Air Express Corporation is about to place in escrow with
Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company, Las Vegas, Nevada, its deed of conveyance, con-
veying unto said City of Law Vegas the above mentioned real estate and likewise is about
to place in the same escrow its Bill of Sale conveying unto said City of Las Vegas the above
mentioned personal property, and,

WHEREAS the said City of Las Vegas is about to place in escrow with said Pioneer Title
Insurance Company, Las Vegas, Nevada, a written lease or permit, allowing said Western Air
Express Corporation the free use of said airport for period of thirty years from the date
on which said City acquires title thereto, and,

WHEREAS a copy of said Lease and a copy of the letter of Escrow Instructions to the
said Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company, Law Vegas, Nevada, are now in file in the
office of the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas, and both of which have been approved
by the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting of said Board
held on the 4th day of November, A.D. 1940, and,

WHEREAS no bond issue for the acquisition of said airport, at this time appears ne-
cessary, and,

WHEREAS no such bond is at this time contemplated by said City of Las Vegas.

NOW, THEREFORE, The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, does hereby proclaim the existence of the facts contained in the above and fore-
going recitals and does hereby proclaim and give public notice, that:

1.	The City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, by its Board of Commissioners, pro-
poses to acquire a municipal airport by accepting from Western Air Express Corporation a
deed of conveyance, conveying unto said City of Las Vegas the real estate hereinabove des-
cribed, and a Bill of Sale conveying unto said City of Las Vegas, all the personal property
hereinabove particularly described.

2.	The City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, proposes to immediately make appli-
cation to the Civil Aeronautics Board of the United States for an allocation of Federal
funds in the sum of Three Hundred Thousand dollars, or thereabouts, to improve said airport
so as to bring the rating of said airport up to an airport of the Third Class, or better

as classified by the Civil Aeronautice Board of the United States, and upon the acceptance
of said application and the allocation of said funds, proposes to immediately begin said
improvements and complete the same within two years from the 4th day of November, A.D. 1940,
and to make all such improvements in accordance with requirements of said Civil Aeronautics
Board of the United States.

3.	The said City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, proposes, in addition to other
improvements to be made upon said airport, to build thereon within two years form the 4th
day of November, A.D. 1940, an administration building at a cost of not less than twenty-
five thousand dollars.

The City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, proposes to operate and maintain said
airport as a municipal airport, charging rent to such commercial air lines as may see fit,
from time to time, to use the same, and charging rent to such other private operators of
aircraft as may, from time to time, desire to make use of the same, and according to such
terms and conditions as may, from time to time, be established by said City of Las Vegas,
having in mind at all time the greatest good and benefit to the people of the City of Las
Vegas, and to allow the government of the United States the use of such Airport on such terms
and conditions as may be agreed upon between the United States government and said City,
and at all times to so operate and maintain said Airport so as to make travel by air into
said City of Las Vegas as attractive and comfortable as possible in order to upbuild said
City.

5. The City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, proposes to allow Western Air Express
Corporation free use of said Airport and suitable space in said administration building for
the proper discharge of its air transportation business, for a period of thirty years from
and after the date on which said City of Las Vegas acquires title thereto, as consideration
for the deeding and conveying of said property unto said City.
6. The City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, does not at this time see the nece-
ssity of, nor does it now intend to sell bonds of the said City inorder to bring about the
acquisition of said Airport and hereby gives notice that the final consummation of its pre-
sent agreement with said Western Air Express Corporation and the final acquisition of title
to said Airport by said City of Las Vegas is dependent upon the success of its contemplated
application to the Civil Aeronautics Board of the United States for the aid of Federal
funds with which to improve said Airport in order to bring the rating of said Airport up
to an Airport of the Third Class, or better, as classified by said Civil Aeronautics Board.

On the 4th day, of December, A.D. 1940, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M., the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will meet in the City Clerk's
office on Carson Street, between Second Street South and Third Street South, in said City
of Las Vegas, in regular session, at which time and place it will read for the first time
propose, consider and vote upon an ordinance relating to the acquisition of said Airport
as a municipal airport, as above set forth, and on the 4th. day of January, A.D. 1941, at
the hour of 7:30-o-clock P.M., the said Board of Commissioners will meet at said City
Clerk's office in the said City of Las Vegas, in regular session, for the purpose, among
other things, of reading the second time, adopting and passing, and will then read for the
second time and pass and adopt said ordinance for the acquisition of said Airport as a mu-
nicipal airport.

Dated at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, this 12th day of November, A. D. 1940.

 THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA

BY, JOHN L. RUSSELL_____________

Mayor

Attest:

VIOLA BURNS
City Clerk

By LE ROY WHIPPLE

Deputy.	"

and,

WHEREAS said proclamation was thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-
Journal for three consecutive weeks, towit, in the issue of that paper of November 12th,
1940, November 19th, 1940 and November. 26th, 1940.

NOW, THEREFORE, The Board of Commissioners of. the City of Las Vegas to ordain:

Section 1. That the provisions of said proclamation are hereby adopted and made
a part of this ordinance.

Section 2. That the City of Las Vegas shall accept a deed of conveyance conveying
unto said City all of the real estate above described and a Bill of Sale conveying unto
said City all of the personal property described above, which said deed and bill of sale
are now in Escrow with Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company, Las Vegas, Nevada, under
a letter of Escrow Instructions which, except for the exhibits attached thereto, is in
words and figures as follows:	

"	ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS.

TO PIONEER TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY,

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA:

You are handed herewith by Western AIR EXPRESS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation,
hereinafter referred to as Party of the first Part:

(a)	An Executed but undated Deed, copy of which is hereto attached, marked Exhibit
"A", and made a part hereof;

(b)	An executed but undated Bill of Sale, a copy of which is hereto attached, marked
Exhibit "B", and made a part hereof;

(c)	The duplicate of a certain lease, copy of which is hereto attached, marked
Exhibit "C", and made a part hereof, and which duplicate has been executed by said Party
of the First Part;

(d)	A certified copy of a resolution adopted by the Board of Directors of said Party
of the First Part authorizing the execution of said Deed, Bill if Sale, Lease and of these
instructions.

All of the foregoing items are hereinafter referred to as Items "A".

You are handed herewith by the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation hereafter
referred to as Party of the Second Part:

(a)	The executed but undated original of the Lease, copy of which is hereto attached
marked Exhibit "C", and made a part hereof, as aforesaid, which has been executed by said
Second Party;

(b)	A certified copy of a Resolution adopted by the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, authorizing the execution of said Lease and of these instructions;
All of said items are hereinafter referred to as Items "B".

It is, understood and agreed between the parties hereto as follows:

That the party of the First Part is now the owner of the premises described in the Deed
copy of which is hereto attached, marked Exhibit "A", as aforesaid, and that said premises
are generally known as and called the Las Vegas Airport of Western Air Express Corporation
and the Party of the Second Part Contemplates improving said Airport with the aid of Federal
funds so as to bring the rating of said Airport up to an Airport of the Third Class, or
better, as classified by the Civil Aeronautics Board and in pursuance of said contemplated
improvements, intends to make application to the Civil Aeronautics Board for an allocation
of Federal Funds in the sum of THREE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS ($300,000.00) or thereabouts.

It is understood that before the Civil Aeronautics Board will approve the allocation of
funds for said purpose, it will require said Second Party to have a binding agreement where-
bythe title to said Airport will be vested in said Second Pary upon the completion of the
improvements to be made thereon.

It is further understood that the application to said C.A.B. must be initiated by the
City of Las Vegas in the form of a C.B.A. project.

Party of the First Part is willing to convey to the Party of the Second Part said Las
Vegas Airport, provided the Party of the Second Part within two (2) years of the date hereof
will improve said airport and construct thereon an adequate Administration Building, at a
cost of not less than Twenty-five Thousand ($25,000.00) Dollars, and in turn lease certain
premises, privileges, and facilities of said airport to Party of the First Part in accordance
with the terms and conditions specified in the form of lease hereto attached, marked Ex-
hibit "C", and made a part hereof.

NOW, THEREFORE, if the Party of the Second Part will forthwith proceed with its appli-
cation to said C.A.B. for Federal funds and will furnish to C.A.B. all of the data required
of it by C.A.B. for said project and will within sixty (60) days from the date of this escrow
agreement file said application and date with said C.A.B, and if said Second Party will within
sixty (60) days from the date of this escrow deliver to you a certified copy of and ordinan-
ce adopted by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
authorizing and ratifying the execution of the Lease, copy of which is attached hereto and
marked Exhibit "C", and will at the same time deliver to you a written opinion by the City
Attorney of said Second Party, that said Second Party is authorized by its Charter, and the
laws and constitution of the State of Nevada, to acquire, establish, maintain and operate
an Airport, and to lease the same in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in
said Exhibit "C", and that the ordinance hereinabove mentioned has been duly and regularly
passed and adopted in accordance with the Statutes in such cases made and provided, and that
the execution of the Lease, said Exhibit "C", by the Second Party are regular and in con-
formity with the Charter provisions of said Second Party and teh Statutes in such cases
made and provided, and that said Lease, when delivery thereof is made to First Party by the
escrow agent herein named, shall be and shall continue to be an enforceable obligation on
the part of the said Second Party and in behalf of said First Party, in accordance with the
terms and conditions thereof; and if said Second Party will within four (4) months from the
date of this escrow agreement present to you satisfactory evidence that said project has
been approved by said C.A.B, and if said Second Party will within six (6) months from the
date of this escrow agreement furnish you with satisfactory evidence that the improvements
specified in said project have been commenced, then and if the Party of the Second Part
will within tow (2) years from the date of this escrow agreement furnish you satisfactory
evidence that said improvements, including said Administration Building, have been substan-
tially completed and that said Airport is in such a condition that said First Party can
conduct its scheduled operations in and out of said Airport in accordance with rules and
regulations of Civil Aeronautics Board, then you will deliver items "A" to the Party oof
the	Second	Part and you will deliver	said Items "B" to the	Party of the First Part, and	at

the	time of making said delivery you	will fill in the date	of said undated instruments.

In the event Party of the Second Part fail to complete the matters herein specified
within the respective times noted, you will return to Party of the First Part Items "A" and
to Party of the Second Part Items "B".

Party of the Second Part agrees that during the course of construction at said airport
and pending completion of the projected improvements thereon and thereabout, adequate faci-
lities and provisions will be made and maintained to permit Party of the First Part to con-
tinue its operations at said airport without unreasonable interruptions or delays,

It is	further agreed that prior	to filing its application with said C.A.B., Party of

the	Second	Part will submit to Party	of the First Part the	plans and specifications for	the

improvement of said airport, and prior to the commencement of construction of said Adminis-
tration Building and prior to letting any contract for the construction thereof, Party of
the Second Part will submit to Party of the First Part the plans and specifications for said
Administration Building, and in the event Pary of the First Part disapprove of such plans
and specifications and Party of the Second Part fail or refuse to make the changes thereto
requested by the Party of the First Part, said Party of the First Part shall have the right
to withdraw Items "A" and terminate this escrow agreement.

These escrow instructions shall be deemed to be a contract between the parties.

It is understood and agreed that revenue stamps for said Deed and the escrow fees for
this escrow will be borne by the parties hereto share and share alike ana that the Party
of the Second Part will bear the cost of recording its Deed and the Party of the First Part
will bear the cost of recording its lease.

The Certified Copy of the Ordinance, and the written opinion of the City Attorney of
said Second Party, mentioned on page 3 of the escrow Agreement shall become a part of and
he delivered with said items "B".

DATED: This 19th day of November, 1940

THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS

BY JOHN L. RUSSELL
Its Mayor
4.	A covenant that the run-ways on said Airport and the field lighting equipment now
or hereafter constructed thereon, and all appurtenances, equipment, facilities, and services

of and at said Airport, shall from the date on which the City acquires title to said Air-
port, at all times be maintained by and at the expense of the City, and in such condition
and up to such standard as may be required by the Civil Aeronautics Board of the United Sta-
tes, and that all buildings belonging to the City, on said Airport, shall be kept in a rea-
sonable state of repair by and at the expense of the City; that the City shall keep said
Airport free from obstructions to air travel, and will attractively furnish said adminis-
tration building and provide heat, light, electricity, cooling, and water for the public
space and Lessee's exclusive space in said building, will provide janitor service for and
keep said building clean, neat, orderly, sanitary and presentable; and will provide for
and furnish the necessary electrical energy for the operation of all field lights, but
the Lesses shall pay for all power and electricity for the operation of its radio equipment
fuel distribution equipment, air compressors, other ground equipment and for charging
batteries of Lessee, and Lessee shall pay for its own exclusive telephone service.

5.	A covenant whereby the City agrees to provide space in the administration
building for the use of the United States Customs and Immigrants authorities, representa-
tives of the Uni tea States Health Department, the United States Department of Agriculture
the Civil Aeronautics Board and the U. S. Post Office Department.

6.	A covenant whereby Lessee agrees to furnish sufficient personnel for the reaso-
nable servicing of transient aircraft with gasoline, oil, grease, fuel, and other lubri-
cants and for the operation of its fuel storage plant and equipment.

7.	A covenant providing that buildings erected by the Lessee may be removed by it
within six months after the termination of the lease.

8.	A covenant that should Lessee require the use of more space in said administration
building than above mentioned, at any time when such additional space is not being used by

a rent paying tennant, then Lessee use such additional space only until the City has oppor-
tunity of renting same, at which time the Lessee will pay to the City such proffered rent
or surrender such space to the City.

9.	A covenant that the City will adopt and enforce rules and regulations with respect
to the use of said Airport, consistent with regulations and orders of the Civil Aeronautics
Board.

10. A covenant that the City shall have no control over the rates, fares or charges
that Lessee may prescribe for its services by air or land to, from or through said Airport.

11.	A covenant whereby the City agrees to repair any damage by fire or other casualty
to the administration building, and that if completely destroyed by fire or casualty, or

so damaged that it cannot reasonably be repaired within thirty working days, then the
Lessee shall have the right to construct a temporary building for the exclusive use of
Lessee, its employees, patrons, passengers and invitees; and whereby the City agrees to
to keep its buildings at said Airport insured and to use insurance money, in case of loss,
for repairing damage.

Section 5. That the provisions, stipulations and covenants of said Lease are hereby
approved, ratified and confirmed, and said Lease in its entirety is hereby approved, ra-
tified and confirmed, and the execution thereof by the City of Las Vegas and the delivery
thereof, in escrow, to said Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company, Las Vegas, Nevada,
are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed.

Section 6. That all negotiations heretofore had by the City of Las Vegas with the
government of the United States, or any department or agency thereof, relative to securing
funds from the United States for the improvement of said Airport, be and the same are
hereby approved, ratified and confirmed, and the application or applications therefor al-
ready made by said City of Las Vegas to the United States or to or through any department
or agency thereof, be and the same are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed, and that
all of the actions of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas relative to the
acquisition of said Airport or the securing of funds or aid for the improvement thereof
from the government of the United States, be and the same are hereby approved, ratified and
confirmed.

Section 7. That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and hereby is au-
thorized to do and perform any and all acts requisite, necessary or convenient to the ac-
quisition and operation of said Airport as a Municipal Airport.

Section 8. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a
period of two weeks.

Signed

JOHN L. RUSSELL
Mayor

Attest:

Viola Burns_____

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance proposed, read aloud in full and adopted this 4th
day of December, A. D. 1940m by the following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners C. V. T. Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor,
the Mayor.

Voting No;	None

Absent:	Commissioner Ronnow.

SEAL
SEAL OF CITY OF	FIRST PARTY

LAS VEGAS

ATTEST:

VIOLA BURNS

City Clerk

WESTERN AIR EXPRESS CORPORATION

BY L. H. DWERLKOTTE___________

Its Vice-President

SECOND PARTY

SEAL OF THE WESTERN
AIR EXPRESS CORPORATION

ATTEST:

ERNEST H. BROWN
Asst. Secretary

Section 3. That all of the terms and conditions of said Escrow as set forth in the
above, ratified and confirmed, and the execution thereof by the City of Las Vegas and the
delivery thereof to said Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company, Las Vegas, Nevada, are
hereby approved, ratified and confirmed.

Section 4. That the lease of said Airport, comprising the above mentioned real es-
tate and all improvements thereon, together with the personal property above described
from the City of Las Vegas to said Western Air Express Corporation, which is attached to
said Escrow Instructions and a copy of which is on file in the office of the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, contains among other provisions the following more important
provisions, namely:

1.	Granting to said Western Air Express Corporation, the following rights and
privileges;

(a)	The use, in common with others authorized so to do, of said Airport and
appurtenances, for a period of thirty years from the day on which the City of
Las Vegas acquires title to said Airport.

(b)	The exclusive right for a period of fifteen years to sell to owners and
operators of transient aircraft, gasoline, oil, greases, lubricants, and other
fuel, at current market price, provided that during the last five years of such
privileges, said Western Air Express Corporation shall pay to the City of Las
Vegas the sum of two cents per gallon for each gallon of gasoline so sold.

(c)	Upon completion by the City of a hangar upon said Airport, the exclusive
use of sufficient space therein for housing and maintaining adequate facilities
for normal and routine repairs and maintenance of its aircraft, and, so long

as unrented space is available and until Lessee shall construct its own hangar,
sufficient space for the storage of one airplane when required by Lessee.

(d)	The right to construct on said Airport a hangar, shop, fuel tanks, and other
buildings, equipment and facilities required by Lessee in connection with its ope-
rations.

(e)	The first choice of location and the exclusive use of 750 square feet of
space in the administration building to be constructed by the City on said Air-
port, provided the cost of said building does not exceed $50,000, and if such
cost exceeds $50,000 then the Lessee shall be entitled to use 1,000 square feet
of space therein, for sale of tickets, manifesting of passengers and cargo, hand-
ling of mail, baggage and cargo, and similar uses, including offices therefor and
for general traffic operations and communications.

(f)	In common with other airlines, the right to erect, maintain, and operate
poles, antenna, equipment, and facilities on and about said Airport, as Lessee
may deem necessary for its operation of remote control radio receiving and trans-
mitting equipment, the location thereof to be subject to the approval of the City.

(g)	The use by Lessee, its employees, passengers, guests, patrons and invitees,
in common with others, of all public space in said administration building, inclu-
ding the lobby, waiting rooms, hall ways, rest rooms, and other public and pass-
enger conveniences.

(h)	The use in common with other air transportation companies, of an adequate
vehicular parking space located at or near said administration building.

2.	Reserving to the City all concessions at said Airport, not expressly granted to
Lessee, which reserved concessions expressly include the sale of food and beverages, no-
tions, curios, magazines, newspapers and periodicals, and slot machines.

3. A covenant that the transfer from said Western Air Express Corporation to said
City of the real estate and personal property first above described, constitutes full consi-
deration for said lease and that the lessee shall not, during the term of said lease be
required to pay any rents, tolls, charges, or licence fees to the City except such as may

already be incorporated in existing ordinances as of date November 1st, 1940, of the City
or in said lease.	
This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting of
the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of December, 1940 at which time it was pro-
posed, considered and voted upon and unanimously adopted and there after published in the
Las Vegas Age a weekly newspaper for a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks
immediately following its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board
for a second time at a regular meeting of the Board on the 4th day of January, of 1941.

Voting aye; Commissioners Ronnor, Gilbert, Krause, Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor

Voting No:	Commissioners;	None

Absent Commissioners:	None

JOHN L. RUSSELL__________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

SEAL

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA	)ss.

County of Clark)

C. P. Squires being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Editor of LAS VEGAS AGE,
a weekly paper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State. of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. # 256 was published in
said newspaper for a period of two weeks from December 6, 1940 to December 13, 1940 inclusive,
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: December 6 and 13, 1940.
That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above mentioned,
That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $ 292.80

Signed:	C. P. SQUIRES_______

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th day of January 1941

Joe Hufford______________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

May Commission expires May 8, 1943
(SEAL)

-----oOo-----

ORDINANCE NO. 257

AN ORDINANCE CREATING A GOLF BOARD FOR THE CITY OF BAS VEGAS PROVIDING FOR THE APPOINTMENT
OF ITS MEMBERS, DEFINING ITS DUTIES AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to ordain as follows:

Section 1. A board is hereby created to be known as the Las Vegas Golf Board, hereinafter
designated as "The Board"; said Board shall consist of five (5) members, all of whom shall
be residents and taxpayers of said City of Las Vegas and shall be appointed by the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. The Commissioner of Streets and Public Property
of the City of Las Vegas shall be entitled to receive and shall receive notice of all
meetings of said Golf Board and shall be entitled to attend such meetings.

Section 2. Of the members of the Board so first appointed, one shall be appointed
for the term of one (1) year expiring June 30, 1942, one for the term of two (2) years
expiring June 30, 1943, one for the term of three (3) years expiring June 30, 1944,
one for the term of four (4) years expiring June 30, 1945, and one for the term of five
(5) years expiring June 30, 1946. Their successors shall be appointed for the term of
five (5) years each. Mr. Lorin Ronnow is hereby appointed for the term expiring June
30th, 1942; Mr. Luther Horner is hereby appointed for the term expiring June 30, 1943; Mr.

A. G. Daugherty is hereby appointed for the term expiring June 30, 1944; Mr. Charles
De Armond is hereby appointed for the term expiring June 30, 1945; and Mr. C. W. Woodbury
is hereby appointed for the term expiring June 30, 1946. If a vacancy shall occur otherwise
than by expiration of a term of an appointee member, it shall be filled by appointment
for the unexpired portion of the term. And each year the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas shall appoint one member to said Golf Board to fill the office of the
retiring member whose term expires June 30th of each said year. All members of the Board
shall be appointed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. Upon the final passage and adoption of this Ordinance, the Board shall
meet and organize by electing from its membership a chairman and a secretary and such
other officers as in the judgement of the Board may be necessary. Said Board shall have
the power to adopt, from time to time, such rules and regulations as may be necessary
or Convenient for the conduct of its business. All members of the Board shall serve as
such without compensation.

Section 4. Said Board shall have the power and authority to improve, supervise,
maintain and operate within the limit of the means provided for that purpose, the Municipal
Golf Course now owned by the City of Las Vegas, and to employ such persons and such help
and assistance as said Board may deem necessary in furtherance thereof. Provided, however, that no
expense or indebtedness shall be incurred in, about or relating to said Municipal Golf Course
without the approval of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas first having been!
obtained. And, subject to the consent and approval of said Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, said Golf Board shall have the power to fix and establish green fees
and/or any other charges to be made to the general public for playing upon said golf Courts
or for any of the privileges in connection therewith, and to adopt rules and regulations for
for the operation of said Golf Course and for the enjoyment of any privileges in reference
to, and in connection with the same.

Section 5. The Golf Board shall, when required by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas and annually in all events, submit to the Board of Commissioners of Las
Vegas an inventory of equipment and supplies on hand, and a report generally covering the
progress of the activities of the Board. On or before the first day of February in each
year, the said Golf Board shall submit to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas an estimate of the financial requirements for the ensuing year, and also an itemized
estimate of equipment required to conduct and maintain said Municipal Golf Course for the
ensuing year.

Section 6. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las V gas, Clark
County, Nevada, for a period of two (2) weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period
of two (2) weeks.

HERBERT KRAUSE________

Mayor

ATTEST: Viola Burns
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted this
17th day of May, A.D., 1941 by the following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Corradetti and H. H. Krause and his honor,
the Mayor.

Voting no. none.

Absent? None.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed regular
meeting of the Board on the 17th day of May, 1941, at which time it was proposed, considered
and voted upon and unanimously adopted and there after published in the Las V gas Age, for
a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading
And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time at a regular meeting of t
the Board held on the 4th day of June, 1941.

Voting aye: Commissioners _________________, Tinch, Clark, and Rubidoux and His Honor

the Mayor Howell C. Garrison voting aye.

Voting no: None.

Absent and not voting. Smith passed.

ATTEST: HELEN SCOTT	A	HOWELL C. GARRISON___________

CITY CLERK	Mayor of the City of

Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada.

(CITY SEAL)

----oOo-----

ELECTRICAL ORDINANCE #258

PROVIDING FOR ELECTRICAL INSPECTION AND FOR THE LICENSING OF ELECTRICAL CONTRACTORS
AND REGULATING THE SALE OF CERTAIN ELECTRICAL PRODUCTS.

TITLE

An Ordinance for safeguarding life and property by regulating, and providing for the
inspection of , electric wiring, devices, appliances and equipment; creating the office of
Electrical Inspector and prescribing his authority and duties; requiring that no electric
wiring, devices, appliances or equipment shall be installed without first securing a permit
therefor; creating a Board of Electrical Examiners; providing for the licensing of persons,
firms and corporations engaging in the business of electrical contracting or employing elec-
tricians to do certain electrical work; making it unlawful to engage in the business of
electrical contracting or to undertake the execution of electrical work without a license,
except as otherwise provided; making it unlawful to sell at retail certain electrical products
unless such products have been approved by the Electrical Inspector, and National Board of
Underwriters, providing penalties for the violation of this ordinance and repealing all ordinances
and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions of this Ordinance.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas ordains as follows:

Section 1. Electrical Inspector—Qualifications and Appointment.

There is hereby created the office of Electrical Inspector. The person chosen to fill
the office of Electrical Inspecter shall be a competent electrician of good moral character,
shall be possessed of such executive a ability as is requisite for the efficient performance
of his duties and shall have a thorough knowledge of the standard materials and methods used
in the installation of electric wiring, devices, appliances and equipment; shall be well
versed in approved methods of electrical construction for safety to life and property,
the statutes of the State of Nevada relating to Electrical work, the rules and regulations
issued under authority of the statutes, the National Electrical Code, as approved by the
American Standards Association; the National Electrical Safety Code, as approved by the
American Standards Association, and the electrical provisions of other installation and
safety codes approved by the American Standards Association.

The Electrical Inspector shall be appointed by the Board of Commissioners.

The salary to be paid to the Electrical Inspector shall be determined by the Board of
City Commissioners. Before entering upon the discharge of his duties he shall file a bond
in the sum of $1000.00 Dollars, payable to the City of Las Vegas, said bond to be approved
by the City Council and conditioned upon the faithful performance of his duties. The
Electrical Inspector shall also take and subscribe an oath, which together with the certif-
icate of his appointment, shall be filed with the City Clerk. He shall be removed from office
for cause only, after a full hearing by the City Council. Any violation of the provisions
of any section of this ordinance by the Electrical Inspector shall be sufficient cause for
his removal from office but the may be removed for other just cause.

Section 2. Duties of Electrical Inspector.

The Electrical Inspector shall make a thorough re-inspection at least once a year in
 all public and private buildings.

It shall be the duty of the Electrical Inspector to see that the provisions of this
Ordinance are enforced. He shall upon application grant permits for the installation or
alteration of electric wiring, devices, appliances and equipment, and shall make inspections
of all new electrical installations and re-inspections of all electrical installations, all
as provided in this ordinance. He shall keep complete records of all permits issued,
inspections and reinspections made and other official work performed in accordance with the
provisions of this ordinance. He shall also keep on file a list of inspected electrical
 appliances issued by or for Underwriters' Laboratories, Inc., which list shall be accessible
for public reference during regular office hours.

It shall be unlawful for the Electrical Inspector or any of his assistants to engage
in the business of the sale, installation or maintenance of electric wiring, devices, app-
liances or equipment, either directly or indirectly, and they shall have no financial in-
terest in any concern engaged in such business in the City of Las Vegas or Clark County
at any time while holding such office as herein provided for.

Section 3. Authority Granted to Electrical Inspector.

The Electrical Inspector shall have the right during reasonable hours to enter any
building in the discharge of his official duties, or for the purpose of making any inspection
reinspection or test of the installation of electric wiring, devices, appliances and equip-
ment contained therein, and shall have the authority to cut or disconnect any wire in
cases of emergency where such wire may interfere with the work of the fire department.

Said Electrical Inspector is hereby authorized to disconnect or order the discontinuance
of electrical service to any electric wiring, devices, appliances or equipment found to be
dangerous to life or property because they are defective or defectively installed until
such wiring, devices, appliances and equipment and their installation have been made safe
and approved by said Electrical Inspector.

The Electrical Inspector may delegate any of his powers or duties to any of his
assistants.

Section 4. Permits.

No electric wiring, devices, appliances or equipment shall be installed within or on
any building, structure or premises nor shall any alteration or addition be made in any
such existing wiring, devices, appliances or equipment without first securing a permit
therefor from the Electrical Inspector.

Section 5. Fees for Permits and Inspection.

Before any permit is granted for the installation or alteration of electric wiring,
devices, appliances or equipment, the person, firm or corporation making application for such
permit shall pay to the City Clerk a fee in such amount as specified below.

Fee Schedule

One to five Outlet inclusive	.. . . . . . . . . . .	.	.	.	.	. . .$1.00

Six to Ten outlet inclusive	. . .................. .	.	.	.	.	.	1.50

Eleven to Twenty Outlet inclusive............................. .	.	2.00

Twenty-one to Thirty Outlet inclusive............................. 2.50

Thirty-one to Fifty Outlets inclusive............................. 3.00

Over 50 @ 5¢ per outlet.

Motor, 5 H.P. or less........................ .................... 1.00

Motor, over 5 H.P. to 10 H.P...................................... 2.00

Motor, over 10 H. P.........................................   .	.	4.00

Range each ............................ . ........................ 1.00

Ceiling fan, each............................................. .	.	.25

Electric Signs ................................................... 2.00

Survey Call each............................................ . . .	1.00

Temporary Permit for use of lights and/or motors in buildings
under course of construction shall be issued to cover a

period of 30 days only .	 ............................  .	.	1.00

Fees for fixtures shall be based same as outlets.

Section 6. Inspection and Certificates.

Upon the completion of the work which has been authorized by issuance of any permit,
it shall be the duty of the person, firm or corporation installing the same to notify the
Electrical Inspector, who shall inspect the installation within 24 hours, exclusive of
Sundays and Holidays, of the time such notice is given or as soon thereafter as practicable.

Where the Electrical Inspector finds the installation to be in conformity with the
provisions of this ordinance, he shall issue to the person, firm or corporation making the
installation a certificate of approval, with duplicate copy for delivery to the owner,

 authorizing the use of the installation and connection to the source of supply, and shall
send written notice of such authorization to the electrical utility furnishing the electric
j service.

When a certificate of approval is issued authorizing the connection and use of temporary
 work, such certificate shall be issued to expire at a time to be stated therein and shall be
 revocable by the Electrical Inspector for cause.

A preliminary certificate of approval may be issued authorizing the connection and use of
certain specific portions of an incompleted installation; such certificate shall be revocable at
the discretion of the Electrical Inspector.

When any part of a wiring installation is to be hidden from view by the permanent place-
ment of parts of the building, the person, firm or corporation installing the wiring shall
notify the Electrical Inspector and such parts of the wiring installation shall not be con-
cealed until they have been inspected and approved by the Electrical Inspector or until
24 hours, exclusive of Sundays and Holidays, shall have lapsed from the time of such notification;
provided that on large installations, where the concealment of parts of the wiring proceeds
continuously, the person, firm or corporation installing the wiring shall be made periodically
during the progress of the work.

At least once in each calendar year the Electrical Inspector shall visit all premises
where work may be done and shall inspect all electric wiring, devices, appliances and equipment
installed since the date of his last previous inspection, and shall issue a certificate of
approval for such work as in found to be in conformity with the provisions of this ordinance, after the
fee required by Section 5 has been paid.

If upon inspection the installation is not found to be fully in conformity with the
provisions of this ordinance, the Electrical Inspector shall at once forward to the person,
firm or corporation making the installation, a written notice stating the defects which
have been found to exist.

Section 7. Connection to Installations.

Except where work is done under an annual license, it shall be unlawful for any
 person, firm or corporation to make connection from a source of electrical energy or to supply
electric service to any electric wiring, devices, appliances or equipment for the installation
of which a permit is required, unless such person, firm or corporation shall have obtained
satisfactory evidence that such wiring, devices, appliances or equipment are in all
respects in conformity with all applicable legal provisions.

It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to make connections from
a source of electrical energy or to supply electric service to any electric wiring, devices,
appliances or equipment which has been disconnected or ordered to be disconnected by the
Electrical Inspector to be discontinued until a certificate of approval has been issued
by him authorizing the reconnection and use of such wiring, devices, appliances or
equipment.

Section 8. Standards for Electrical Materials.

All electrical materials, devices, appliances and equipment installed or used in the
City of Las Vegas, shall be inconformity with the provisions of this Ordinance, the statutes
of the State of Nevada, the rules and regulations issued by the City Commission of Las Vegas
and shall be in conformity with approved standards for safety to life and property. Except
where by the statutes of the State of Nevada by orders issued under the authority of the
State Statutes or by this ordinance a specific type or class of material, device, appliance
or equipment is disapproved for installation or use, conformity with the standards of
Underwriters' Laboratories, Inc., as approved by the American Standards Association, shall
be prima facie evidence of conformity with approved standards for safety to life and property;
provided, however, the Electrical Inspector shall permit trial installation of new materials,
devices, appliances and equipment after such materials, devices, appliances and equipment
shall have been recommended by the Board of Electrical Examiners and approved by the Mayor
and City Council. The maker's name, trade-mark or other identification symbol shall be placed
on all electrical materials, devices, appliances and equipment used or installed under this
ordinance.

All public buildings or buildings over two occupancies or any buildings in the fire
zone shall be wired with rigid conduit or steel tube.

Section 9. Classes of Licenses.

Licenses and certificates therefor shall be issued by the Board of Electrical Examiners,
which shall be designated respectively as Class 1, Electrical Contractors' Licenses.

An electrical Contractor's License shall entitle the holder thereof to engage in the
business of, and to secure permits for, the installation, alteration and repair of any electric
wiring, devices, appliances or equipment.

Section 10. Board of Electrical Examiners.

There is hereby created a Board of Electrical Examiners which shall consist of the Elec-
trical Inspector and five other members appointed by the City Commissioners as follows: One
 representative of Electrical Utility Company, One Journeymen, one representative of electrical
contractor, and two members of the Board of City Commissioners.

Appointments shall be made for terms of two years, but any member may, for cause, be
removed from office at any time by the unanimous vote of the three remaining members of the
 Board of City Commissioners.

Section 11. Duties of the Board of Electrical Examiners.

It shall be the duty of the Board of Electrical Examiners to hold a meeting at least
once during each month to examine representatives of applicants for licenses; to grant licenses
as applied for and issue certificates therefor to those applicants who shall show the proper
qualifications and who have paid the prescribed fee; to revoke or suspend licenses for good
and sufficient cause as prescribed in Section 16; to review decisions of the Electrical
Inspector as provided for in Section 23 and to take such other actions as may be found
necessary or desirable for carrying out the provisions of this ordinance.

The Board shall keep records of all meetings which records shall be open for inspection
at all times. The Board shall keep a record of all licenses issued by it and shall prepare
a manual of its rules and regulations for the conduct of examinations.

Four members of the Board present at any meeting shall constitute a quorum for the
granting, revocation or suspension of licenses and the transaction of other business and a
majority vote of such quorum shall prevail.

Section 12. Applications for Master Licenses.

Applications for Master Licenses shall be made in writing to the Board of Electrical
Examiners stating the name and place of business in the City of Las Vegas, of the applicant
and the name of the representative of the supplicant who will act as the master of the work
to be done under the license.

Section 13, Examinations.

The designated representative of each applicant for a master license shall be examined
by the Board of Electrical Examiners to his knowledge of the rules and regulations for
the installation of electric wiring, devices, appliances and equipment as set forth in
the statutes of the State of Nevada or if any as issued under the authority of the statutes
of the State of Nevada and in the ordinance of the city of Las Vegas and in the National
Electrical Code and to determine the general qualifications and fitness of each applicant
for executing the class of work covered by the license applied for. No person shall perform
the work of an journeyman electrician unless such person has been examined and obtained
a journeyman electrician's registration certificate.

The work of a master electrician consists of the planning and supervising of all
electrical installations and repairs.

The work of a journeyman electrician consists of the installing, altering or repairing
of electrical wiring or equipment under- the supervision of a master electrician.

Examinations shall be in writing and a complete record of every examination given shall
be kept on file until three years after the date of the examination.

Section 14. Holder of Master License.

Each certificate for a license issued in accordance with the provisions of this
ordinance shall specify the name of the person, firm or corporation licensed, who shall
be known as the holder of the license, and shall specify the name of the person who has
passed the examination, and such person shall be designated in the certificate as the master
of all work to be done under the license. The person designated as the master may be a person
in the employ of the holder of the license; or, if the holder is a person, may be the holder
himself; or, if the holder is a corporation, may be an officer of the corporation. The
same person shall not be designated as the master in two or more licenses issued to
different persons, firms or corporations. In the event that the business association
of the master with, or employment of the master by, the holder of the license shall terminate,
said license shall become null and void after such termination. Said master's examination
fees shall be $50.00.

When applying for master's license, said party shall specify the firm or corporation
that he will be employed by. In event of his termination of his employment said master's
license shall not be transferable to any other individual, firm or corporation and shall
become null and void.

Section 15. Contractors Licenses, Fees and Bonds.

Before applying for a City Electrical Contractors License, applicant must first secure
a State Contractors License.

Before an Electrical Contractors License is granted to any applicant and before any
expiring license is renewed, the applicant shall pay to the City of Las Vegas a fee of $50.00.

Each license shall expire of December 31st, following the date of its issue, and shall
be renewed by the Board of Electrical Examiners upon application of the holder of the
license and payment of the required fee at any time within thirty (30) days before the date
of such expiration.

Applicant must furnish bond of $1000.00 for faithful performance and for guarantee of
fees, to be paid to the City Clerk.

Section 16. Revocation and Suspension of Licenses.

No license and certificate issued in accordance with the provisions of Section 11 of
this ordinance shall be a signable or transferable, Any such license may after hearing be
suspended for a definite length of time or revoked by the Board of Electrical Examiners if
the person, firm or corporation holding such license willfully, or by reason of incomp-
etence, violates any Statute of the State of Nevada or any ordinance or rule or regulation
of the City of La s Vegas relating to the installation, maintenance, alteration or repair
of electric wiring, devices, appliances or equipment.

Section 17. Scope of Retail Sales Regulations.

The provisions of Section 18 to 21 inclusive, of this ordinance shall apply to the
following electrical materials, devices, appliances and equipment:

a.	All electrical materials, devices, appliances and equipment which are intended to
be used to make an electric wiring installation in conformity with this ordinance, but

not including any generating, transforming or utilization device or devices for measuring
 or recording current, voltage or power, except as hereinafter specified in paragraphs (b) to
(j) inclusive.

b.	All lighting fixtures and portable lighting equipment.

c.	All incandescent, arc, vapor and gas-tube lamps.

d.	All transformers operating at 100 volts or more between any two conductors and
having a rated capacity not exceeding 150 watts.

e.	All electrically operated toys.

f.	All radio receiving sets.

g.	All electrically heated cooking equipment intended for domestic use, and all other
 electrically heated appliances in individual capacities not exceeding 10,000 watts.

h.	All other electrical appliances and equipment intended for domestic use.

i.	All electrically illuminated signs*

j.	All portable motion picture projectors.

Section 18. Definition of Retail Sales.

The term "sale at retail", wherever used in this ordinance, shall mean any sale direct
to the ultimate user or consumer, irrespective of whether the sale is made at wholesale or
retail place of business and irrespective of whether the principal business of the seller
is selling at wholesale or at retail.

Section 19. Approval Required.

Every person, firm or corporation, before selling, offering for sale or exposing for
sale, at retail, or disposing of by gift as a premium or in any similar manner and before
granting or offering to grant possession of for rent any electrical material, device, app-
liance or equipment specified in Section 20, shall first determine if such electrical material
 device, appliance or equipment is approved for retail sale, installation and use in the City of
Las Vegas; and it shall be unlawful for any person, firm, or corporation, or any partner,
officer, agent or employee thereof, to sell, offer for sale, or expose for sale, at retail, cr to
dispose of by gift as a premium or in any similar manner or to grant or offer to grant
possession of for rent any such electrical material, device, appliance or equipment which
is not approved for retail sale, installation and use in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 20. Approval of Electrical Products.

The Electrical Inspector shall approve for retail sale, installation and use in the
City of Las Vegas such materials, devices, appliances and equipment of the types specified in
Section 17, and only such as are in conformity with the ordinances of this City, the Statutes
of the State of Nevada and all applicable orders issued under the authority of the State
Statutes, and in conformity with approved standards for safety to life and property. Except
where by any ordinance of this city, by any statute of this state or by any order issued under
the authority of the State Statutes a specific type or class of material, device, appliance
or equipment is disapproved for installation or use, conformity of materials, devices,
appliances and equipment with the Standards of Underwirters' Laboratories, Inc., as approved
by the American Standards Association, shall be prima facie evidence that such materials
devices, appliances and equipment are suitable for approval by the Electrical Inspector.

The Electrical Inspector shall prepare or designate a list of electrical materials,
devices, devices, appliances and equipment that are approved for retail sale, installation
or use in the City of La s Vegas and a copy of such list shall be kept on file in the office
of the Electrical Inspector and shall be accessible for public reference during the regular
office hours.

Section 21. Provisional Approval.

The Board of Review is hereby authorized and empowered to grant provisional approval for
the retail sale, installation and use of any electrical material device, appliance of
equipment listed in Section 17 which has been submitted them for approval and which, in
their judgment, is reasonably safe but has not yet been finally approved either because no
applicable standards have been established, or because, in the opinion of the Board of Review,
further examination or experience is necessary or desirable before making final decision
as to approval.

Section 22. Registration of Retail Dealers.

Every person, firm or corporation before engaging in the selling, offering for sale
or exposing for sale, at retail of any electrical materials devices, appliances and equipment
specified in Section 17 of this ordinance, except a holder of a Class 1, Electrical Contractor's
License as referred to in Section 11 of this ordinance, shall register with the Electrical
Inspector and shall receive from the Electrical Inspector a certificate of registration.

Such registration and certificate shall expire on the 31st day of December of the year in
which it is issued and shall be renewed by the Electrical Inspector upon application of the
holder of the certificate and payment of the required fee at any time within thirty days before
the date of such expiration. A fee of $50.00 Dollars per year shall be paid for such
registration and for each annual renewal thereafter.

Section 23. Review of Decisions and Proposals for Trial Installations.

Any person, firm or corporation may register an appeal with the Board of Electrical
Examiners for a review of any decision of the Electrical Inspector provided that such
appeal is made in writing within five days after such person, firm or corporation shall
have been notified of such decision by the Electrical Inspector. Upon receipt of such appeal
the said Board shall proceed to determine whether the action of the Electrical Inspector
complies with this ordinance and within five days shall make a decision in accordance with
its findings*

The Board of Electrical Examiners is therefore authorized to act as a board of review.

Appeal may be made to the Board of City Commissioners from any decision of the inspector
and the findings of the Board shall be final*

Section 24. Penalties.
Any person, firm or corporation who shall violate any of the provisions of this
ordinance shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished
by a fine of not less than Ten Dollars ($10.00) nor more than Three Hundred Dollars ($300.00)
for each offense, together with the costs of prosecution, and in default of payment thereof
by imprisonment for not less than 5 days nor more than 150 days, or by both such fine and
imprisonment, and if such person, firm or corporation is the holder of a license of
either class provided for in this ordinance, such conviction shall have the effect of
suspending said license until such time as it shall have been reinstated by the Board of
Electrical Examiners.

Section 25. Liability for Damages.

This ordinance shall not be construed to relieve from or lessen the responsibility or
liability of any party owning, operating, controlling or installing any electric wiring,
devices, appliances or equipment for damages to person or property caused by any defect
therein, nor shall the City of Las Vegas be held as assuming any such liability by reason
of the inspection or the examination authorized herein or the certificate of approval
or the license and certificate issued as herein provided or by reason of the approval or dis-
approval of any materials, devices, appliances or equipment authorized herein.

Section 26. Validity.

If any section, sub-section, sentence, clause or phrase of this ordinance is for
any reason held to be unconstitutional, such decision shall not affect the validity of the
remaining portions of this ordinance. The City Council of the City of Las Vegas hereby
declares that it would have passed this ordinance and each section, sub-section, sentence,
clause or phrase thereof, irrespective of the fact that any one or more sections, sub-sections,
sentences, clauses or phrases be declared unconstitutional.

Section 27. Repeal of Conflicting Acts.

All ordinances or parts of ordinances conflicting with the provisions of this ordinance
are hereby repealed.

Section 28. Date to Take Effect.

This ordinance shall take effect __________ days after its passage and publication.

______Howell C. Garrison

Attests Helen Scott_________ Mayor

City Clerk.

(Seal)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this
16th day of October, A.D., 1941, by the following vote:

Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, and Rubidoux, and His Honor the Mayor, Howell
C. Garrison, voting aye.

Voting no, none.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting of
the Board on the 16th day of October, 1941, at which time it was proposed, considered and
voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal, for a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its
first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time at a
regular meeting of the Board held on the 16th day of December, 1941.

Voting aye: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, and Rubidoux, and His Honor, the Mayor
Howell C. Garrison.

Voting no: None.

Absent and not voting: None.



Attest: Helen Scott_______ Howell C. Garrison______________________________________

City Clerk	Mayor of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

DICK LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from October 21st
1941 to October 28th, 1941 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: October 21st - 28th. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated
on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie______________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
15th day of December, 1941

A. E. Cahlan___________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County,

Nevada	(Seal)

My Commission Expires
Jan 12 1943
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 259

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 1 OF ORDINANCE NO. 187 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED,
"AN ORDINANCE CREATING THE OFFICE OF FIRE MARSHALL, DEFINING HIS POWERS AND DUTIES".

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 1 of Ordinance 187 of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby amended to 
read as follows:

That there is hereby created the office of Fire Marshall. The Fire Marshall shall be
appointed by the Board of City Commissioners. The Fire Marshall shall at all times be answerable
to the Chief of the Fire Department and shall follow and obey his instructions.

S	Section 2. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are

hereby repealed.

Section 5. This ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as an EMERGENCY
ORDINANCE and shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 4. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Age a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for two
weeks, that is to say, it shall be published in said paper once a week for two consecutive weeks.

The foregoing ordinance was read aloud for the first time and voted upon at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners on the 4th day of November, 1941.

Vote for; Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor Howell
C. Garrison, and was read aloud for the second time and passed by the unanimous consent of the
Board as an emergency ordinance on the 4th day of November, 1941, voting for; Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor, Howell C. Garrison voting aye. Noes,
none. Absent, none.

ATTEST: HELEN SCOTT	HOWELL C. GARRISON

CITY CLERK	MAYOR.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) 

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

DOROTHY D. BRIMACOMBE being duly sworn, deposes and says: That she is General Manager
of Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Emergency Ordinance
No. 259 was published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from November 7, 1941 to
November 14, 1941 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:
November 7 to 14, 1941.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $17.10

Signed Dorothy D. Brimacombe

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th day of Dec. 1941.

Joe Hufford

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada.

My Commission expires
May 8, 1943.

(Seal)

-----oOo-----

ORDINANCE NO. 260

AN ORDINANCE TO SECURE THE GENERAL HEALTH OF THE CITY AND TO PREVENT THE INTRODUCTION OF
CONTAGIOUS, INFECTIOUS OR MALIGNANT DISEASES INTO THE CITY BY ESTABLISHING REGULATIONS
CONCERNING AUTOMOBILE TRAILERS, PROTABLE BUILDINGS, TRUCKS AND WAGONS PROVIDING LIVING OR SLEEP-
ING QUARTERS FOR ONE OR MORE PERSONS, OR OCCUPIED FOR BUSINESS PURPOSES, AND CAMPS FOR THE
ACCOMMODATION THEREOF; IMPOSING A LICENSE TAX ON TRAILER CAMPS; DECLARING CERTAIN THINGS
TO CONSTITUTE A NUISANCE; AND PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF.

WHEREAS, the use or occupancy of portable structures and trucks, trailers, wagons and
other vehicles in the City of Las Vegas, for living, sleeping or business purposes for an
inordinate period of time or without adequate provisions being made for sanitation, sewage
disposal, electric service and water service constitutes a serious menace to the health of the
city and the inhabitants thereof and threatens the introduction of contagious, infectious
or malignant diseases into the city, and a situation is presented thereby which requires
regulation.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vega s do ordain as
follows:

Section 1. The following terms whenever used in this ordinance shall have the meaning
indicated in this section:

Trailer: Any truck, wagon or other vehicle or structure equipped for moving or adapted
for being moved about on wheels, runners or otherwise, and providing living or sleeping
quarters or accommodations for one or more persons of facilities for the conduct of any business
enterprise.

Park; To permit to remain standing or waiting or not in motion.
Trailer Camp: A place equipped as in this ordinance providing for the parking
and accommodation of trailers.

Stall: A space set apart in a trailer camp, and equipped as in this ordinance
provided for the parking or accommodation of one trailer.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person to occupy or utilize for liv-
ing or sleeping quarters or business purposes, any trailer parked in the City of Las Vegas
other than in a stall at a trailer camp as herein defined unless hereinafter otherwise pro-
vided for, in this ordinance.

Section 3. It shall be unlawful for any person to park any trailer in any
street, alley or other public place within the City of Las Vegas, while occupying and
utilizing such trailer for living purposes, for more than twelve hours continuously or in
any one day.

Section 4. It shall be unlawful for the owner, occupant or other person
having charge or control of any lot or tract of land in the City of Las Vegas, other than
a trailer camp as herein defined to permit any person to occupy for living or sleeping
quarters or business purposes any trailer parked thereon; and it shall be unlawful for the
owner, proprietor or person in charge of a trailer camp to permit any trailer to be occu-
pied for living or sleeping quarters or business purposes at such camp, except when parked
in a stall as herein defined, provided nothing in this section shall be construed to pro-
hibit an owner of a lot or tract of land from parking his own trailer thereon and living
therein while constructing a house.

Section 5. Trailer camps may be maintained in the City of Las Vegas upon com-
pliance with the provisions of this ordinance and with all other applicable ordinances of
the city and not otherwise, providing that no trailer camps may be maintained within Las
Vegas Fire Zone #2, or any residential zone in the city of Las Vegas.

Section 6. Every trailer camp shall be graded and drained to prevent standing
water or muddy conditions. Every trailer camp shall provide at least Six hundred twenty-
five (625) square feet of ground per stall. Stalls shall be laid out in an orderly fashion
so that entrance and egress may be had to any stall at any time. Grounds shall be kept
clean of trash and garbage. All garbage shall be placed in water-tight metal containers
covered with fly-tight lids. Garbage cans shall be emptied and cleaned at least once a
week.

Every trailer camp shall have a cast-iron main sewer, which shall comply with
the rules and ordinances governing sewers connected with the public sewer system of the
city, and which shall be not less than four inches in diameter. The diameter of such main
sewer shall be increased one inch for each additional eight stalls, or fraction thereof, in
excess of sixteen. Each stall shall have an adequate drain intake, and a 2-inch grease
trap shall be installed between the intake of the drain and the main sewer of the camp;
provided that where there are stalls on both sides of an intake, two connections therewith
will be submitted and but one grease trap required for both. Standpipes shall be not less
than 2-inch galvanized pipe, which shall be threaded and shall be capped when not in use.

Each trap shall be vented with not less than 1 ½ inch galvanized pipe, not less than ten
feet high. 2-inch branch sewer lines shall not have more than four trailer connections
each and must be either cast or galvanized pipe. There shall be not less than one 4-inch
vent at the end of sewer line. There shall not be less than one toilet, one shower-bath;
and one lavatory for men and one toilet, one shower-bath and one lavatory for women, provided
for each eight stalls or fraction thereof. Toilet rooms, shower-baths, toilets and lava-
tories must be of sanitary construction, and must be kept clean and sanitary. All clean-
outs, vents, toilets and other plumbing shall conform strictly to the requirements of the
plumbing ordinance.

Where water taps are at each stall, the faucet shall be not less than eight-
een (18) inches above the drain connection. Water service shall be conveniently provided
from outdoor taps and shall be of safe quality and properly protected from contamination.

Trailer camps that furnish electric service must comply with the following re-
quirements: Electrical connections shall be governed by the National Electrical Code.

Each individual service to any trailer, truck, or automobile shall be considered as a ser-
vice entrance, but need not necessarily be equipped with meter trim. Each service entrance
shall be protected by a circuit breaker only, set at not over 35 amperes and may have a
branch circuit of not over 15 amperes protected by a circuit breaker of 15 amperes rating.
Circuit breakers, convenience outlets, or plug-in receptacles shall be of rain-tight con-
struction. Each service shall be grounded to a water-pipe with approved ground fitting.

The person in charge of any trailer camp shall reside upon the premises occu-
pied thereby or adjacent thereto, and a responsible adult person in authority shall be at
every trailer camp at all times when any trailer is parked thereat.	

	Section 7. It shall be unlawful for any person to operate or maintain any

trailer camp in the City of Las Vegas without first securing a license therefor from the
City of Las Vegas, the fee for which shall be a sum equal to fifty (50¢) cents per quarter
per stall, and which shall be in addition to all licenses and license fees required by the
ordinance of the City of Las Vegas. Such license shall be issued quarterly under the re-
ulations applicable to miscellaneous licenses in said city.

	Section 8. Any person violating any provision of this Ordinance shall be

punished by a fine in any sum less than Three Hundred ($300.00) Dollars, or by imprison-
ment not to exceed six (6) months in the city jail, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 9. Every trailer or trailer camp used, occupied or maintained in
the City of Las Vegas contrary to the provisions of this Ordinance is hereby declared to be
and constitute a nuisance and subject to be abated in the manner provided by law.

Section 10. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this
Ordinance published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas, for two weeks, that is to say, it shall be published in said paper
once a week for two consecutive weeks.

Attest: Helen Scott	Howell C. Garrison

City Clerk.	Mayor

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and approved
this 17th day of November, A. D., 1941, by the following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor, Howell C. Garrison.
Voting no: None
Absent:	None

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meet-
ing of the Board on the 17th day of November, 1941, at which time it was proposed, consider-
ed and voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening
Review Journal for a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately following
its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time at a
regular meeting of the Board held on the 16th day of December, 1941.

Voting aye: Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor, the Mayor, Howell C.

Garrison.

Voting no: None

Passed:	Commissioner Smith.

Howell C. Garrison
Mayor of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada

Attest: Helen Scott
City Clerk

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS

COUNTY OF CLARK )

DICK LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; that he is foreman of the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and pub-
lished at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was con-
tinuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from November 19th, 1941 to
November 26th, 1941 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit: November 19th - 26th. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the above named.

Signed: Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th
day of December, 1941.

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

SEAL

My commission expires
Jan. 12, 1943

ORDINANCE NO. 261

AN ORDINANCE TO REGULATE CONSTRUCTION OF SIDEWALKS AND CURBS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; PRO-
VIDING FOR METHOD OF SECURING BUILDING PERMIT FOR SAME, AND THE FEES FOR SUCH PERMITS: PRO-
VIDING FOR MATERIALS TO BE USED IN SUCH CONSTRUCTION.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Before a permit is granted for the construction of sidewalks and/or
curbs, the applicant must produce evidence satisfactory to the street Superintendent of the
City to show that the construction of such a sidewalk and/or curb is agreeable and in
accordance with the desire of the owner or owners of the property by which said sidewalk
and/or curb is to be constructed, The applicant shall apply to the Street Superintendent
for permission to construct the sidewalk and/or curb and shall pay to the City Clerk a fee
of one-half (½) cent per square foot for each square foot of sidewalks and/or (1) cent per
lineal foot of curb proposed to be constructed.

The Street Superintendent shall require each applicant for a proposed sidewalk to
deposit with the City Clerk the sum of Ten ($10.00) Dollars as a guarantee that the side-
walk will be constructed within thirty days after the grade stakes are set. The Street
Superintendent shall give a receipt for the guarantee deposit and upon the completion of
said sidewalk within the specified time and according to the specifications hereinafter re-
ferred to, shall refund the ten dollar deposit to the applicant upon the presentation of the
receipt covering said guarantee deposit.

Section 2. After the applicant has complied with the above requirements, the
Street Superintendent shall issue a permit granting the applicant the right to construct
a sidewalk and showing thereon the location, by lot and block number, for which the appli-
cation has been made.

Section 3. The Street Superintendent shall furnish an Inspector whose duties will
be to check the forms of alignment and grade and see that the work is done in accordance
with the specifications hereinafter referred to.

The Street Superintendent shall be notified at least twenty-four hours in advance
of the time when the work is proposed to be started.

Section 4. In the event that the work is not carried on so that the rate of pro-
gress in laying a fifty-foot length of sidewalk in four hours, is maintained or the speci-
fications are not complied with, then and in either event, the guarantee sum shall be for-
feited to the City of Las Vegas.	

The following specifications and a copy of the standard sections shall be placed
on the back of the receipt for the fee and deposit issued to the applicant.

Section 5. Specifications for all concrete used in the construction of sidewalks,
curb and gutter:

Cement: Shall be a fresh Portland cement of standard brand.

Sand:	Shall be a clean, durable, mineral aggregate of which 100% shall

pass a 3/8 sieve and not more than 5% shall pass a No. 100 sieve.

Gravel: Shall be a clean, durable, mineral aggregate of which 100% shall pass a 2-inch
screen and not more than 5% shall pass a 3/8 sieve.

Water:	Shall be suitable for drinking purposes.	

Mix:	Shall be 1 part cement, 3 parts sand, 4 parts gravel, or the concrete shall have

a strength of not less than 2000 p.s.i. at twenty-eight days when tested as a
standard cylinder.

Founda- Shall be gravel and sand wet and tamped to a firm foundation for a minimum
tion:	depth of four inches below concrete.

Expansion Shall be of plastic material (asphalt) ½ inch thick for the full

Joints: depth of the concrete. These joints shall not be spaced more than thirty feet
apart.

Curing:	The concrete shall be covered with fine material, soil or sand free of lumps,

within sixteen hours after the pour is completed and water-soaked thoroughly
and the cover shall be water-soaked a second time within fourty-eight hours
after the first soaking. This cover shall not be removed in less than ten days.

Specifications for the construction of sidewalks in the residential area:

Walk Section: Shall have a minimum width of five feet and a minimum thickness of 3 5/8

inches at the center and 5 5/8 inches at the edge.



The Walk:	Shall be poured in one course monolithic, struck off with a straight edge,

edged with a standard edging tool, marked transversely ½ inch deep at about
five foot intervals with a standard marking tool and finished with a steel
float to a smooth surface.

Specifications for the Construction of curb and gutter in the residential area.

Forms:	The outside form shall be eleven and one-half inches deep with its upper

edge three inches above the crown of the street and the inside form shall
be five and one-half inches deep with its upper edge two and one-half in-
ches below the crown of the street.

Curb and	Shall be the standard roll-curb section

Gutter

Sections:	The curb and gutter shall be poured in one course monolithic between ex-

pansion joints, edged and marked transversely with standard tools, and
finished with a pre-shaped float or mule.

Section 6. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be fined in a sum
of not less than Five ($5.00) Dollars nor more than Twenty-five ($25.00) Dollars, and in
case said fine should not be paid to be imprisoned in the city jail for one day for each
Two ($2.00) of such fine unpaid.

Section 7. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this
ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 8. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week
for a period of two weeks.
Attest: Helen Scott	Howell C. Garrison

City Clerk	Mayor

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and approved
 this 17th day of November, A. D., 1941, by the following vote:

 Voting Aye: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux, and Mayor Garrison.

Voting No:	None.

 Absent:	None.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed regu-
lar meeting of the Board on the 17th day of November, 1941, at which time it was proposed,
considered and voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las
Vegas Age, for a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately following
its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board a second time at a regu-
lar meeting of the Board on the 4th day of December, 1941.

Voting Aye? Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor, Howell C. Garri-
son.

Voting No: None

Absent and

not voting: Smith

Howell C. Garrison
Mayor of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada

Attest: Helen Scott
City Clerk

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS

County of Clark )

DOROTHY D. BRIMACOMBE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; that she is Gen-
eral Manager of Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and pub-
lished at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
No. 261 was published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from November 21, 1941 to
November 28, 1941 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-
wit? November 21, and 28, 1941. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named. That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was
$58.20.

(SIGNED) DOROTHY D. BRIMACOMBE

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th day of December, 1941.

(SIGNED) JOE HUFFORD

(SEAL)	Notary Public in and for

Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires: May 8, 1943

ORDINANCE NO. 262

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS CONCERNING THE NUMBERING OF BUILDINGS, NUMBERING OF
STREETS, AND RE-NAMING OF STREETS: REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 44.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. The numbering of all buildings fronting upon the public streets, avenues,
and thoroughfares within the City of Las Vegas shall be in conformity with the decimal sy-
stem and the following rules:

First: The intersection of Main and Fremont streets in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite shall
be the initial point of numbering all blocks and buildings in the City of Las Vegas, as
follows: 1. All buildings fronting on east and west streets which intersect or start from
Main Street, beginning with numbers one (1) and nought (0), adjoining said Main Street, shall
be numbered progressively, therefrom through each block. Following the intersection of each
numbered street, the numbering shall again begin with numbers one (1) or (0), plus the num-
ber of hundreds which is indicated by the number of said intersecting street.

Section 2. All buildings fronting on north and south streets which intersect or
start from Fremont Avenue or division street; 1. Beginning with numbers one hundred and
one (101) and one hundred and nought (100) adjoining said division street, shall be num-
bered progressively therefrom through each block. Following the intersection with each con-
tinuous street, the numbering shall begin with one (1) and nought (0) plus the number of
hundreds, progressing continuously outward from the division street at one block centers.

All streets which are continuations of existing streets shall bear the name of the
existing streets so long as they continue in the same general direction and the names of
any streets which are continuations of existing streets that do not bear the same name shall
be changed to conform to the above provision.

 All continuous north and south streets shall be known as Streets, and all con-
tinuous east and west streets shall be known as Avenues, unless they are known as Boule-
vards or otherwise indicated as different from ordinary streets.

Block numbers assigned to streets at their intersection with the division streets
shall be retained throughout their length even though they have an angle point and inter-
mediate streets are interposed between them and their formerly adjacent streets, except in
cases where a street intersects two or more streets, with the same general alignment, hav-
ing different block numbers.

Fremont Avenue shall be the division street, north and south to its intersection
with Sunrise Avenue and from that point east, Sunrise Avenue shall become the division
street north and south .

Section 3. Buildings shall be numbered with the even numbers on the right hand
and the odd numbers on the left hand as the numbering progresses out from the division
street. Each odd number shall be placed as nearly as possible opposite the proceeding consecutive
even number.	

Section 4. For the purpose of this Ordinance in connection therewith, the fronts
of all lots in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and all additions to the town or City of Las
Vegas, as the same are laid out and recorded in the office of the County Recorder of Clark
County, Nevada, shall be divided into parts, approximating twenty-five feet, as nearly as
may be, and one number shall be assigned to each of said parts. For the purpose of this
Resolution and Ordinance in connection therewith, a block shall be held to mean the space
between consecutive streets or avenues in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite or any of the addition
to the City of Las Vegas.

Section 5. When any street or avenue intersects any other street or avenue from
one side only, the numbering on the opposite side of such intersected street, or avenue,
shall be started at the lot corner most nearly opposite that side of the street which lies
farthermost from the initial point.

Section 6. Any person failing to number his home or building in compliance with
the provisions of this ordinance, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished
by a fine of not more than Ten ($10.00) Dollars, or by imprisonment in the city jail for
not more than Five (5) days; provided, however, no one shall be guilty of a violation of
this ordinance if the requirements of the ordinance are complied with within Thirty (30)

days from the date of its passage.

Section 7. Ordinance No. 44 of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby repealed.

Section 8. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this or-
dinance published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas, for two weeks, that is to say, it shall be published in said paper
once a week for two consecutive weeks.

(SIGNED) HOWELL C. GARRISON
Mayor

ATTEST: HELEN SCOTT,

City Clerk

(SEAL)

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and approved
this 17th day of November, A. D., 1941, by the following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and Mayor Garrison.

Voting No:	None.

Absent:	None.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed reg-
ular meeting of the Board oh the 17th day of November, 1941, at which time it was proposed,
considered and voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas
Evening Review Journal for a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately
following its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board a second time
at a regular meeting of the Board on the 4th day of December, 1941.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor, Howell C.

Garrison, Voting Aye.

Voting No:	None.

Absent and

not voting: Smith

(SIGNED) HOWELL C. GARRISON

Mayor of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada

Attest: Helen Scott
City Clerk

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

County of Clark )

DICK LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of
the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from November 19th
1941 to November 26th, 1941 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: November 19th - 26th. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circu-
lated on each of the dates above named.

(SIGNED) DICK LOCHRIE

Subscribed and sworn to before me this ______ day of

(SIGNED) C. S. WENGERT

Notary Public in and for
Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires: July 17, 1945
(SEAL)

ORDINANCE NO. 263

AN ORDINANCE PROHIBITING PROSTITUTION, IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS AND WITHIN ONE MILE OUTSIDE
OF THE CITY LIMITS THEREOF; TO SUPPRESS, PROHIBIT, REGULATE AND PRESCRIBE THE LOCATION OF
HOUSES OF PROSTITUTION, AND PLACES RESORTED TO FOR THE PURPOSE OF PROSTITUTION, AND OTHER
MATTERS RELATING THERETO. AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. It shall be unlawful:

(a) For any person, firm, association or corporation to keep, set up, maintain,
or operate, lease or rent, any place, structure, building, or conveyance for the purpose of
prostitution.

(b)	For any person to occupy any place, structure, building, or conveyance for
the purpose of prostitution, or for any person to permit any place, structure, building, or
conveyance owned by him or under his control to be used for the purpose of prostitution,
with knowledge or reasonable cause to know that the same is, or is to be used for such pur-
pose; or for any person to lease or rent to another person, firm, association or corporation,
any place, structure, building or room for the purpose of prostitution.

(c)	For any person to receive or to offer or agree to receive any person into any
place, structure, building, or conveyance for the purpose of prostitution, or to permit any
person to remain there for such purpose.

(d)	For any person to procure or to solicit or to offer to procure or solicit for
the purpose of prostitution.

(e)	For any person to reside in, enter, or remain in any structure, or building,
or to enter or remain in any conveyance, for the purpose of prostitution.

SECTION 2. The terms and provisions of this ordinance shall not apply to that
area now called the Meadows, situated on the real property described as follows:

"Beginning at a point in the Auto Park Tract, Clark County, Nevada,
as per plat of said Auto Park Tract oh file in Book One, page 120
'Plats' in the office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada,
which point is situated on the line connecting the S.W. corner of
Government Lot No. 1, Section 1 and the N.W. corner of said Lot 1,

Section 1, Township 21 South, Range 61 East, and 802 feet N 0° 13'

W. from said S.W. corner of Lot 1, Section 1 and 175 feet South
0° 13' E. from center line of Maple Street in said Auto Park Tract;
thence N. 89° 27' E. on a line parallel with the center line of said
Maple Street 590 feet to a point; thence S. 0° 13' E. on a line
parallel with the center line of a proposed street designated as
Yucca Street in the said Auto Park Tract, 535 feet to a point,
which point lies N. 0° 13' W. sixty feet from the center line of
a proposed street designated as Cedar Street in said Auto Park
Tract; thence S. 89° 27' W. 590 feet on a line parallel with the
center line of said designated Cedar street to a point on the line
connecting the S.W. corner and N.W. corner of said Lot 1, Section
1, and 265 feet N. 0° 13' w. from said S.W. corner of Lot 1;
thence N. 0° 13' W. 535 feet to the point or place of beginning."

which area is hereby designated as a restricted area for the purposes of prostitution subject
to the following regulations:

(a)	All buildings used for such purposes, including all structures connecting
therewith, shall be enclosed on three sides by a fence at least six feet high, which fence
shall be not less than twenty-five feet from each wall of said building or buildings.

(b)	No person convicted of a felony shall be allowed to operate, conduct, manage
said designated area or be an employee or an inmate thereof, practicing prostitution in
said designated area.

(c) That the owners of said designated area shall keep a police officer on duty
at all times, on said premises at their own expense, for the purpose of preserving law and
order.

(d)	That it shall be the duty of the Board of City Commissioners to make such
other and further rules and regulations, by resolution or resolutions, from time to time as
they see fit, for the purpose of safe-guarding the public health.

SECTION 3. In prosecutions under this ordinance, common fame or reputation shall be
competent evidence to prove that the defendant is a prostitute, solicitor or procurer, or that
the house or place mentioned in the complaint is a house of prostitution. Any house or place
used or occupied for the purpose of prostitution, or where prostitution is practised or car-
ried on, is taken and deemed to be a house of prostitution. It shall not be necessary in a
prosecution in which defendant is charged with being a prostitute, to prove an overt act of
sexual intercourse against said defendant.

SECTION 4. In the trial of any person charged with a violation of the provisions of
Section 1 of this ordinance, testimony of a prior conviction, or testimony concerning the re-
putation of any place, structure, or building or of the person or persons who reside in or
frequent the same, or of the defendant shall be admissible in evidence in support of the charge.

SECTION 5. Any person violating any of the provisions of Sections 1 and 2 of this or-
dinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be punished by a fine not to exceed
Five Hundred ($500.00) Dollars, or imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not to exceed
180 days, or by both fine and imprisonment, and in default Of the payment of any fine, or any
part thereof, shall be imprisoned in the City Jail of the City of Las Vegas one (1) day for
each two (2) dollars of such fine remaining unpaid.

SECTION 6. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby re-
pealed.

SECTION 7. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, adoption and
publication in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for two
successive issues.

SECTION 8. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of two weeks.

ATTEST: HELEN SCOTT	(SIGNED) HOWELL C. GARRISON

City Clerk.	Mayor

(SEAL)

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and approved this
21st day of November, A.D., 1941, by the following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux.

Voting No:	Smith, Hon. Garrison

Absent:	None.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed regular
meeting of the Board on the 21st day of November, 1941, at which time it was proposed, con-
sidered and voted upon and adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Age for a period
of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And it
was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time at a regular meeting of the Board
held on the 16th day of December, 1941.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Tinch, Clark, and Rubidoux. Mayor, Howell C. Garrison, voted no.
Voting No:	Commissioner Smith.

(SIGNED) HOWELL C. GARRISON

ATTEST: HELEN SCOTT	Mayor of the City of Las Vegas,

City Clerk.	Clark County, Nevada.

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

County of Clark )

DOROTHY D. BRIMACOMBE, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That she is General Man-
ager of Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 263 was
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Nov. 28, 1941 to December 5, 1941
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Nov. 28, Dec.

5, 1941. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $58.20.

(SIGNED) DOROTHY D. BRIMACOMBE

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day of December, 1941.

(SIGNED) JOE HUFFORD

My Commission Expires: May 8, 1943.	Notary Public in and for

(SEAL)	Clark County, Nevada

ORDINANCE NO. 264

"AN ORDINANCE OF THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ESTABLISHING A RESIDENCE DISTRICT,
INDUSTRIAL AND COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS, WITHIN THE SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS: DEFINING SUCH DIS-
TRICTS: DECLARING IT UNLAWFUL TO ERECT, ESTABLISH, MAINTAIN OR OPERATE CERTAIN FACTORIES,

WORKS OR ESTABLISHMENTS WITHIN SAID RESIDENCE DISTRICTS AND SAID COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS: REG-
ULATING THE ERECTION, ESTABLISHMENT, MAINTENANCE, OPERATION AND REBUILDING OF CERTAIN WORKS
OR ESTABLISHMENTS IN SAID DISTRICTS: PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF SAID ORDINANCE,
AND REPEALING ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH"

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Section 1.

That all of the City of Las Vegas is hereby established as, and declared to be, a re-
sidence district, excepting therefrom those portions of the City included within the bound-
aries of the hereinafter described commercial districts and industrial districts, and said re-
sidence districts are divided into five zones, bounded and restricted as set forth in Sections
2 thru 6 of this ordinance.

Section 2. RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 1

(a)
All of this zone shall be restricted to single family residence of a minimum value of Thirty-
five Hundred Dollars ($3,500.00) and no house or building shall be moved into said zone. All
buildings must be set back from the street on which the lot faces, or front street, at least
twenty-five feet (25), and there shall not be more than one single family dwelling on each

fifty foot (505) lot, provided, that on seventy-five foot (75) corner lots, and on lots upon

which there is already erected one dwelling on the rear of said lot, one additional single
family dwelling may be erected subject to the above mentioned setback. No tent house, shack
or garage shall be erected, maintained or occupied as a dwelling in this zone.

(b)

The zone shall consist of that portion of said City lying east of the alley between Fifth
Street and Sixth Street, west of the alley between Tenth Street and Eleventh Street, north of
Charleston Boulevard, and south of Lewis Street.

(c)

The zone shall further consist of that portion of said City designated as follows: that strip
of land 432.62 feet in width adjacent to the north line of Clark Avenue, and a strip of land
378 feet in width adjacent to the South line of Clark Avenue as said Clark Avenue extends
through the Southwest Quarter (SW¼) of Section 28, and the Southeast Quarter (SE¼) of Section
29, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.&M. County of Clark, provided, however, that the
property covered in this subsection shall be restricted to one single family residence of the
value of Thirty-five Hundred Dollars ($3,500.00) to every one hundred (100) feet of frontage
along said Clark Avenue.

Section 3. RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 2

(a)

All of this zone shall be restricted to residences or dwellings of a minimum value of Three
Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00); courts and apartment houses, flats or duplexes to a minimum
value of Eight Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($850.00) per room, with no single building for
residence purposes of a less value than Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00); and no house or
building shall be moved into said district that is of less value than Three Thousand Dol-
lars ($3,000.00) when completed, and the same must be completed within ninety days from the
time such building is moved into said district, and no building shall be occupied for living
purposes until the same is entirely completed. All buildings must be set back from the
street upon which the lot faces, or front street, at least twenty-five feet (25), and there
shall not be more than two (2) separate residences on each fifty foot (50) lot. No tent
house, shack or garage shall be erected, maintained or occupied as a dwelling except for
a maximum period of ninety days (90) during the actual construction of a residence or other
dwelling on the same property, in conformity with City Ordinances.

(b)

The zone shall consist of that	portion	of said	City of Las Vegas lying east of the alley

between Fifth Street and Sixth	Street,	west of	the alley between Tenth Street	and Eleventh

Street, north of Lewis Street and south of the north line of Puck's Sub-division and the
north line of the re-plat of Grandview Addition, and that portion of the City of Las Vegas
lying east of the alley between Second Street and Third Street, west of the alley between
Fourth Street and Fifth Street, north of Charleston Boulevard and south of Garces Street.

(c)

The zone shall consist also of	that portion of	the City of Las Vegas known as	the Woodland

Park Addition as shown by map and plat	on file	in the Clark County Recorder's	Office in

Book 1 of Plats, Page 117.

Section 4. RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 3

(a)

All of this zone shall be restricted to residences or dwellings of a minimum value of
Twenty-five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00); courts and apartment houses, flats or duplexes
to a minimum value of Eight Hundred Dollars ($800.00) per room, but for the purposes of
this zone a bathroom shall not be considered a room; with no single building for residence
purposes of a less value than Twenty-five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00); and no house or
building shall be moved into said district that is of less value than Twenty-five Hundred
Dollars ($2,500.00) when complete, and the same must be completed within ninety (90) days
from the time such building is moved to such district, and no building shall be occupied
for living purposes until the same is entirely completed. All buildings must be set
back from the street upon which the lot faces, or front street, at least twenty-five
(25) feet, and there shall be not more than two (2) separate residences on each fifty
(50) foot lot. No tent house, shack or garage shall be erected, maintained or occupied
as a dwelling house except for a maximum period of one hundred and eighty (180) days during
the actual construction of a residence or dwelling on the same property, in conformity
with the City ordinances.

(b)

The zone shall consist of that portion of the City of Las Vegas known as the Fourteenth
Street Addition as shown by map and plat on file in Book 1 of plats, page 82, in the
Clark County Recorder's office.

Section 5. RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 4

(a)

All of this zone shall be restricted to residences and dwellings, apartment houses, flats,
bungalow courts or auto courts of a minimum value of Fifteen Hundred Dollars ($1,500.00), and
no residence or dwelling, apartment house, flat shall be moved into said zone that is of a
less value than Fifteen Hundred Dollars ($1,500.00) when completed, and all buildings moved
into said district or constructed therein shall be completed within six months from the time
of the commencement of such moving or construction and no building shall be occupied for liv-
ing purposes until same shall be entirely completed. No bungalow court or auto court shall
be erected which shall have a less value than Seven Hundred Fifty Dollars ($750.00) per room,
but for the purposes of this zone, a bathroom shall not be considered a room. No tent house,
shack or garage shall be erected, maintained or occupied as a dwelling except for a maximum
period of six months during the actual construction of a residence or other dwellings on the
same property, in conformity with ordinances of the City of Las Vegas.

(b)

The zone shall consist of that portion of the Westside of the City of Las Vegas, namely, that
portion west of the Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad right-of-way, lying north of the alley
between Wilson Avenue and Gass Avenue, and south of the alley between Jefferson Avenue and
Madison Avenue, west of First Street West and east of the Tonopah Highway.

Section 6. RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 5
(a)

All of the City of Las Vegas not included in the limits of Residence Zones No. 1,2,3,4, ex-
cepting therefrom those sections classified as commercial districts and industrial districts.
Section 7.

That the commercial districts are hereby created and established within the said City as de-
scribed as follows:

All frontage on Fremont Street from Main Street to the east City limits of a depth not ex-
ceeding 150 feet; all frontage on Fifth Street from the south City limits to the north pro-
perty line of Stewart Street to a depth not exceeding 150 feet; all frontage on the east side
of Fifth Street from the north property line of Stewart Street to the north City Limits to a
depth not exceeding 150 feet; all lots fronting on First Street from Bridger Street to
Stewart Street; all lots fronting on Third Street from Stewart Street to Bridger Street; all lots front-
ing on Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Streets from Stewart Street to Carson
Street; all lots fronting on the south side of Stewart Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street; all lots
fronting on the north side of Carson Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street; all lots fronting on Ogden
Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street; all lots on Clark Avenue and Wilson Avenue in the original Town-
site: all frontage on the east side of Main Street from Carson Street to Stewart Street to a depth not ex-

ceeding 150 feet.

Section 8.

That the industrial districts are hereby created and established within the said City
as described as follows:

All that portion of the City of Las Vegas west of following described line, namely: com-
mencing at a point on South Fifth Street where the said Street is intersected by the cen-
ter line of the alley between South First Street and South Second Street, extended, thence
in a northerly direction along said line until it intersects Charleston Boulevard; thence
in a northeasterly direction along the center line of the alley between First Street and
Second Street to the center line of Garces Street; thence westerly along the center line
of Garces Street to a point where it intersects the center line of the alley between Main
Street and First Street; thence in a northeasterly direction along the center line of
the alley between Main Street and First Street, until it intersects the center line of
Carson Street; thence westerly along the center line of Carson Street until it inter-
sects the center line of Main Street; thence in a northeasterly direction along the
center line of Main Street until it intersects the center line of Clark Avenue, extended;
thence in a westerly direction to the southeast corner of the Original Townsite; thence in
a northerly direction along the center line of First Street West, extended, and along
the center line of First Street West, to the North City Limits, (except the Original
Townsite; U. F. M. & M. Addition; Valley View Addition; Woodland Park; the

North Half (N½) of the South Half (S½) of Section Twenty Eight (28), the North Half
(Ng) of the Southeast Quarter (SE¼) of Section Twenty Nine (29), the East Half (E½) of
Southeast Quarter (SE¼) of Southeast QUARTER (SE¼) of Section Thirty-two (32), the South
Half (S½) of Southwest Quarter (SW¼) of Section Thirty-three (33), in Township Twenty
(20) South, Range Sixty-one (61) East, M. D. B. & M.; and the North Half (Ng) of the
North Half (N½) of the Northwest Quarter (NW¼) of Section

Four (4), in Township Twenty-one (21) South Range Sixty-one (61) East, M. D. B. & M.

All land within the following described line shall also be within the industrial district,
namely: Commencing at a point in the North City Limits where the same is intersected
by the center line of First Street West, thence easterly along said North City Limits
to its intersection with the center line of North Fifth Street; thence southerly along the
center line of North Fifth Street; to the point where North Fifth Street is intersected
by the center line of Clark Avenue, extended; thence westerly along said center line of
Clark Avenue, extended, to the southeast corner of the Original Townsite; thence in a
northerly direction along the center line of First Street West, extended, and along the
center line of First Street West to the North City Limits, to the point of beginning.

Section 9.

It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, or corporation to erect, establish, maintain,
operate, or carry on within the residence districts described in Section 1 hereof, any
industrial business, or commercial establishment of any kind whatsoever, except with
the approval of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and with the
written consent of the owners of more than fifty per cent (50%) of the area of the land
within a radius of 500 feet of such proposed industrial business or commercial estab-
lishments, exclusive, however, of land used for public streets, highways, or alleys and
land used for railroad, interurban railroad, or street railroad rights of ways; pro-
vided, however, that said Board of Commissioners may not grant its approval for the
erection, establishment, maintenance, or operation, within the said residential districts
of any gaming house or amusement establishment, or any of the factories, works, plants,
or establishments, named in Section 10 hereof; and provided, further, that the pro-
visions of this Section shall not apply to any industrial business or commercial estab-
lishment that is being operated, maintained or carried on within said residential dis-
tricts at the time of the adoption of this Ordinance; and provided further that the
Board of City Commissioners of the City shall have the power from time to time, by re-
solution, to fix and regulate the location of, and to prohibit in certain portions there-
of, gaming houses and places where gaming of any kind is carried on within the commer-
cial and or industrial districts.

Section 10.

It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, or corporation to erect, establish, operate,
carry on, or maintain any of the following named factories, plants, works, or establish-
ments within the City of Las Vegas, except within the boundaries of the said industrial
districts, to-wit: fireworks factories, shoe factories, rolling mills, furniture factory,
planing mill, gas factory or plant, gas works, soap factory, glue factory, tallowrender-
ing establishments, wholesale dye and dry cleaning establishments employing five persons
or more, tannery, foundry, oil well, oil refinery, any plant for the storage of more than
5000 gallons of oil, gasoline, coal oil or other petroleum product or products, cannery,
winery, fertilizer factory, public hay barn, rock crusher, lumber yard, any plant for the
manufacture of shoe blackening, insect poison or exterminator, tar roofing or water proof-
ing, rubber or gutta percha, creosote, mattress factory, any stone yard, monument works,
stove polish, paint, shellac, varnish, vinegar, storage batteries, gelatine or sizing,
lampblack peroxylin, tar asphalt, disinfectants, printing inks, sulphuric acid, nitric
acid, hydrochloric acid, yeast, soda, dyestuffs, brick, steel tanks, tile or terra cotta,
asphalt refinery, iceplant, ice storage house of more than five tons capacity, potash
works, tar distillation, wool pulling or scouring, crematory, plant for the distillation
of bones, coal or wood plating works, curing or storage of raw hides or skins, contractor's
plant, or storage yard; cooperage works, oiled rubber or leather goods factory, coal,
coke or wood yard, acetylene gas manufacture or storage, wholesale poultry house, bur-
lap factory, or bag cleaning, ammonia, bleaching powder, chlorine manufacture, boiler
works, any kind of manufacture or treatment other than the manufacture or treatment of
products purely incidental to the conduct of a retail business conducted on the premises,
provided such industrial use occupies more than 20 percent of the floor space of the
building on such premises; any trade industry or use that is noxious or offensive by
reason of the emission of odor, dust, smoke or noise; provided, however, that the pro-
vision of this section shall not apply to any works, factory or establishment of any of
the kinds or varieties in this Section enumerated where such works, factory or establish-
ment is now being maintained, operated or carried on at the time of the adoption of
this ordinance.

Section 11.

If any industrial business or commercial plant or establishment being operated, maintained,
or carried on within said residence district at the time of the adoption of this ordinance,
or any of the works, establishments, factories, or plants enumerated in Section 10 hereof
being operated, maintained, or carried on within said commercial district or residential
district at the time of the adoption of this Ordinance shall be thereafter partially de-
stroyed by fire or otherwise, it shall be unlawful for any person, firm, or corporation to
erect, maintain, establish, carry on, rebuild or replace the same, when it will cost 60
percent or more of the value before destruction of said factory, plant, works, or estab-
lishment to replace the same.

Section 12.

It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation maintaining, operating, conduct-
ing, or carrying on any industrial business or commercial plant or establishment within
said residential district at the time of the adoption of this Ordinance, or maintaining,
operating, conducting, or carrying on any of the work, plants, factories, or establishments
enumerated in Section 10 hereof within said commercial districts at the time of the adop-
tion of this Ordinance, to enlarge such business, plant, works, factories, or establish-
ments by building any addition thereto or otherwise, except with the approval of the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and with the written consent of the
owners of more than 50 percent of the area of the land within a radius of 500 feet of said
addition, exclusive, however, of land used for public streets, highways, or alleys.

Section 13.

Any person, firm or corporation, violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine
of not less than Ten ($10.00) Dollars or more than Four Hundred. ($400.00) Dollars, or by
imprisonment in the City Jail of the City of Las Vegas for not less than five (5) or more
than two hundred (200) days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 14.

Each such person, firm, or corporation shall be deemed guilty of a separate offense for
every day during any portion of which any violation of any of the provisions of this
Ordinance is committed, continued or permitted by such persons, firm or corporation, and
shall be punished therefor as provided in this Ordinance.

Section 15.

All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are hereby re-
pealed.

Section 16.

This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, adoption and publication
for two successive issues in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published
in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 17.

The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this
City Ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say,
once each week for a period of two weeks.

(SIGNED) HOWELL C. GARRISON
Mayor

ATTEST: HELEN SCOTT
(SEAL) City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted
this 4th day of December, A. D., 1941 by the following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and Mayor Garrison
Voting No:	None

Absent:	Commissioner Smith

(SIGNED) HELEN SCOTT
City Clerk

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board on the 4th day of December, 1941, at which time it was proposed, considered
and voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Age
for a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first
reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time at a regular
meeting of the Board held on the 5th day of January, 1941.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux, and his Honor, the Mayor, Howell
C. Garrison.

Voting No:	None

Passed:	Smith

(SIGNED) HOWELL C. GARRISON

Mayor of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

ATTEST: HELEN SCOTT
City Clerk.

(SEAL)	AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dorothy D. Brimicombe being duly sworn, deposes and says: That she is General Manager of Las
Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No 263 was published in
said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Nov. 28, 1941 to December 5, 1941 inclusive,
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Nov 28, Dec 5, 1941. That
said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the
legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $58.20. Signed Dorothy D. Brimicombe.	

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day of Dec. 1941. Joe Hufford, Norary Public in and
for Clark County, Nevada. (SEAL) My Commission Expires May 8, 1943.
ORDINANCE__265

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 5 OF ORDINANCE NO. 250 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED
"AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE SAKE OF MILK, CREAM AND OTHER DAIRY PRODUCTS IN THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS; DEFINING STANDARDS FOR MILK AND CREAM: PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS
FOR THE SAME OF MILK AND CREAM, AND REVOCATION OF SUCH PERMITS; PROVIDING FOR THE CREATION
OF A MILK ORDINANCE COMMITTEE; providing for the appointment of a dairy and milk inspector
Authorizing the City Commissioners to promulgate rules and regulations for the enforcement
of this Ordinance; providing a penalty for the violation of this Ordinance; repealing
Ordinance No. 200, of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An ORDINANCE REGULATING THE SALE
OF MILK, CREAM AND OTHER DAIRY PRODUCTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DEFINING STANDARDS FOR
MILK AND CREAM; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS FOR THE SALE OF MILK AND CREAM AND
THE REVOCATION OF SUCH PERMITS; AUTHORIZING THE CITY COMMISSIONERS TO PROMULGATE RULES
AND REGULATIONS FOR THE ENFORCEMENT OF THIS ORDINANCE; providing a penalty for the violation
thereof; and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances therewith', and repealing
all ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with this Ordinance."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 5 of Ordinance 250 is hereby amended to read as follows:

It shall be unlawful for any producer or distributor to sell or deliver any milk or cream
without a permit from the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, such permit to
be issued by the City Clerk upon a prescribed form. All applications for permits shall
be in writing and shall state the location of the dairy or place of business, whether the
applicant is owner, lessee or agent of the dairy; and the description and number of cows
in the dairy herd. If the applicant is obtaining milk or cream from any source other
than the herd described, he shall make the same statement for each dairy or herd from
which he procures such milk and cream. Each applicant for a permit to be issued under
the terms of the ordinance shall be accompanied by a fee of two ($2.00) dollars and all
permits shall expire on the 31st day of December of each year. Fees so collected shall
be used for the administration of the Milk Ordinance. Before the issuance of a permit
the application of same shall be passed upon by the Lae Vegas Milk Ordinance Committee as
hereinafter provided, and the said Milk Ordinance Committee shall recommend to the City
Commissioners whether or not the same shall be issued. A reasonable time shall be allowed
for the examination by the duly authorized Milk inspector of the dairy herds described
in the application for permits, before any recommendations shall be made to the City
Commissioners by said Milk Ordinance Committee; provided, however that the provisions of
this section shall not apply to retail grocery stores, restaurants, or other retail
establishments situated in the City of Las Vegas, purchasing milk or milk products from
Distributors duly licensed under the terms of this ordinance.

Provided, further, that all milk transported into the City of Las Vegas, in any manner
whatsoever, from points outside of the city limits for distribution must be raw milk;
and provided further, that in case of necessity due to an extreme shortage of milk or
cream, any Milk Distributor licensed by the City of Las Vegas may obtain a supply of milk
or cream either raw or pasteurized from other sources than his regular patrons by notifying
the Milk inspector of such shipments.

Section 2. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each
week for a period of two weeks.

Howell C. Garrison
Mayor.

Attest:

Helen Scott
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this 4th
day of December, A. D. 1941, by the following vote: Voting Aye: Commissioners Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux, Mayor Garrison.

Voting No: None
Absent:	A. F. Smith Sr.

Helen Scott
City Clerk.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting of the
Board on the 4th day of December, 1941, at which time it was proposed, considered and
voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening
Review-Journal, for a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately
following its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second
time at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 4th day of February, 1942.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor, Howell Cl.
Garrison. Voting No: Smith. Absent and not voting: None.

Howell C. Garrison

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada.

Attest: Helen Scott
City Clerk

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss
COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Dec 6th 1941 to Dec 12th, 1941
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Dec 6th-12th.
That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
Signed: Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th day of December, 1941.

A. E. Cahlan

(SEAL)	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My commission expired
January 12, 1943.

ORDINANCE NO. 266

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 7 OF ORDINANCE NO. 210 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED
"AN ORDINANCE TO FIX, IMPOSE, AND PROVIDE FOR THE COLLECTION OF A LICENSE TAX ON MOTOR
PROPELLED VEHICLES OPERATED FOR HIRE, AND TO REGULATE TEE OPERATION AND RUNNING OF THE
SAME, WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; FIXING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE
PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDINANCE: AND REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 100 AND ALL THE ORDINANCES OR
PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH."

The Board of commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 7 of said Ordinance No 210 is hereby amended to read as follows:

CERTAIN ACTS UNLAWFUL ----- It shall be unlawful:

(a)	To operate a vehicle as herein defined, within the City of Las Vegas without having
first obtained a license, provided the security as herein provided, and paid the prescribed
tax therefor, as in this ordinance provided;

(b) To fail to display the state, county or city license number of such vehicle;

(c) To permit passengers to ride on the running boards or sit upon the doors of such vehicle,
and to permit more than one person to ride with the operator or chauffer;

(d)	To operate any vehicle at a rate of speed in excess of that fixed by the laws of the
State of Nevada and the ordinance of the City of Las Vegas;

(e)	To fail to come to a full stop within twenty-five (25) feet of the nearest rail of any
steam railroad when approaching the same, and to proceed across said Railroad track without
first determining that no engine, car or train is approaching in the direction of said
vehicle.

(f)	To alter the seating capacity of any vehicle so as to make the seating capacity thereof
greater than is provided for by the license under which it is operated, without the consent
of the Board of City Commissioners.

(g)	To fail, refuse or neglect to operate such vehicle in accordance with the designated tariff

of fares and during the hours set forth in the application made for such vehicles license,
except on Sundays and a reasonable time for	going to and	from	meals,	and in	case of accident,

breakdowns or other casualties, or upon the	surrender of	said	license.

(h)	To park a vehicle, as herein defined, on Fremont Street, Ogden Street, or Carson Street,

between Main Street and Seventh Street; or park a vehicle on Main Street, First Street,
Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street, Fifth Street, Sixth Street or Seventh Street,
between Carson Street and Ogden Street; provided, however, that vehicles may park on these
streets in those zones specified by the Police Department, as reserved for the vehicles;
provided, further that a vehicle, as herein	defined, may	park	on any	street	or	alley in

the City of Las Vegas, when parking for the	purpose of discharging a	passenger	or passengers.

Section 2. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for
a period of two weeks.

Howell C. Garrison
Mayor

Attest: Helen Scott, City Clerk.

(SEAL)

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this 4th
day of Dec. A. D. 1941, by the following vote

Voting Aye: Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rublioux, Mayor Garrison.

Voting No:	None

Absent:	A. F. Smith Sr.

Helen Scott
City Clerk

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting of the
Board on the 4th day of December, 1941, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted
upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal,
for a period of once for a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately
following its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time
at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 5th day of January, 1942.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux, and His Honor the Mayor Howell
C. Garrison.

Voting No: None.

Absent and not voting: None.

Howell C. Garrison
Mayor of The City of Las Vegas

Attest:	Clark County, Nevada

Helen Scott,

City Clerk.

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

( SS

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review Journal a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of Two Weeks for December 6th, 1941 to December
12th. 1941 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:
December 6th - 12th. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
15th day of December, 1941.

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada
(SEAL)

My commission Expires Jan 12, 1943.

ORDINANCE 267

AN ORDINANCE DEFINING GARBAGE AND RUBBISH; AND REGULATING THE COLLECTION AND DISPOSAL OF
GARBAGE AND RUBBISH IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS AND MATTERS RELATING THERETO. AND PROVIDING
PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THE PROVISIONS THEREOF; AND REPEALING ORDINANCE 216 AND
ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1. For the purpose of this ordinance the word "garbage" shall be held to mean and
include and does mean and include all kitchen and table refuse and offal, swill, and also
every accumulation of animal, vegetable and other matter that attends the preparation,
consumption, sale of, dealing in or storing of meats, fish, fowls, birds, fruits and vegetables,
which is unsuitable for culinary purposes. And also all rubbish, refuse, crockery, bottles
tin vessels, trimmings from lawns and flower gardens, paste-board boxes, paper, straw,
packing materials, boxes, ashes, and all waste matters, whenever the same may be accumulated
within the city limits of the City of Las Vegas, whether at residences, warehouses, store-
houses, or other places.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, company, or corporation having in his her
or its possession or control garbage, to sell, give away, or dispose of such garbage, except
as hereinafter provided.

Section 3. Every place of business and every dwelling place within the City of Las Vegas
must provide and maintain sufficient metal containers in adequate capacity and suitable in
size for the collection and storage of garbage and rubbish. Such containers must be maintained
in good condition, without breaks or leaks, and of such shape and size that the collectors
may conveniently carry and dump the garbage therein into trucks used for that purpose without
spilling the contents upon themselves or the ground. Such containers shall be placed so as
to be readily accessible for removing and emptying by collectors, and they must be protected
and secured so as not to be easily overturned by dogs or other animals. Every owner or
occupant of premises or persons under whose control premises may be, shall be keep such
promises, including the alley in rear, clean and clear of all garbage, rubbish or unwholesome
matter of every kind All garbage and rubbish shall be conveyed to the City Dump at least
once each week.

Section 4. All trash, refuse, rubbish, dirt, building material, tree leaves, limbs, trimmings
and roots, auto bodies, scrap metal or other scrap material of any nature, shape, size, or
weight that cannot be conveniently dumped into the trucks from the containers mentioned in
Section 3 shall be known as "rubbish" and shall be collected by the occupants of the premises
and conveyed or caused to be conveyed to the City Dump.

(See top of page 156 for balance of Section 4)

Section 5. All garbage mentioned in this Ordinance shall be removed from the premises under the
supervision and direction of the Commissioner of Streets and Public Property of the City of
Las Vegas, under such conditions and pursuant to such regulations as said Commissioner shall
hereafter from time to time promulgate. After wet and dry garbage shall have been placed in
the said containers as herein provided, no person shall disturb the said containers or the
contents thereof or remove the same or interfere therewith, except the agents or contractors of
the city and under the supervision and direction of the Commissioner of Streets and Public
Property of the City of Las Vegas.
Provided, however, Occupants of premises may burn small quantities of dry rubbish on the premises such
as leaves, paper and lawn and flower cuttings, provided However in no event shall any rubbish be

burned between two hours before sundown and sunrise of the following day or in such manner or at such
place as to create a fire hazard to his own or another's property. "Rubbish" as herein defined shall
not be piled or collected or permitted to be piled or collected in any street or alley within the City.

Section 6. All "garbage" and all "rubbish" as defined in Section 1 of this ordinance is here-
by declared to be the property of the City of Las Vegas, after removal to the City Dump.

Section 7. Fees for the collection and removal of garbage and rubbish from premises within
the City of Las Vegas shall be paid by the owner of occupant of the premises, in an amount
and at the time to be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of City Commissioners,
and shall be paid to the City Clerk, who is authorized to give receipt therefor.

Section 8. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor and, upon conviction of same, shall be punished by a fine of not less than
five dollars ($5.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate
of but not exceeding two dollars ($2.00) for each day of such fine, in case such fine is not
paid, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period not to exceed thirty days, or by both
such fine and imprisonment.

Section 9. Ordinance No 216 entitled "An Ordinance defining garbage and rubbish and regulating
the collection and disposal of garbage, and rubbish in the City of Las Vegas, and matters re-
lating thereto and providing penalties for the violation of the provisions thereof and repeal-
ing certain ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith, and other matters relating
thereto". approved January 4, 1936, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 10. This Ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption,
approval and the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, and its final passage.

This Ordinance was read aloud in full for the first time, proposed, considered and voted upon
this 16th day of January, 1942.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor Mayor Garrison.

Absent: Commissioner Smith. Nayes, none.

Howell C. Garrison

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Attest; Helen Scott

City Clerk and Clerk of the
Board of City Commissioners.



(SEAL)

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting of the
Board on the 16th day of January, 1942, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted
upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal,
a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two
consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud,
to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at a regular meeting of
the Board held on the 4th day of February, 1942.

Voting Ayes: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor Mayor Garrison.

Voting Nayes: None.

Howell C. Garrison

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Attest: Helen Scott

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
City Commissioners.

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA:)

) SS

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn deposes and says: that he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation printed and published
at las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from January 21st, 1942 to January
28th 1942, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit;

January 21st - 28th.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed: Dick Lochrie.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th day
of January, 1942.

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
ORDINANCE NO. 268

AN ORDINANCE REPEALING ORDINANCE No. 263 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED AS FOLLOWS:

"AN ORDINANCE PROHIBITING PROSTITUTION IN THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS AND WITHIN ONE MILE OUT-

SIDE OF THE CITY LIMITS THEREOF; TO SUPPRESS, PROHIBIT, REGULATE AND PRESCRIBE THE LOCATION
OF HOUSES OF PROSTITUTION, AND PLACES RESORTED TO FOR THE PURPOSE OF PROSTITUTION, AND
OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO, AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN
CONFLICT THEREWITH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Each and every part of Ordinance 263 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby repealed.

Section 2. This ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as an EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
and it shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 3. The city Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say once each week for a
period of two weeks.

The foregoing Ordinance was read aloud for the first time and voted upon at a recessed regular
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners on the 20th day of January, 1942.

Vote for: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux, Clark and his honor the Mayor, Howell C.
Garrison, and was read aloud for the second time and passed by the unanimous consent of the
Board as an emergency ordinance on the 20th day of January, 1942.

Voting for: Commissioners: Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor, Howell C
Garrison. Voting aye, Noes none, Absent, none.

Howell C. Garrison
Mayor

Attest: Helen Scott
City Clerk

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION



STATE OF NEVADA )

( ss

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks, from January 21st 1942 to January
28th, 1942, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:
January 21st- 28th.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed:	Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
29th day of January 1942.

A.H. Cahlan

(SEAL)	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission expires Jan 12, 1943.

ORDINANCE NO. 269

AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING BLACKOUTS AND AIR RAID PROTECTION MEASURES, ORDERS, RULES AND REG-
ULATIONS, AND PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. Definitions. As used in this ordinance the following words and phrases shall
mean:

BLACK-OUT SIGNAL: A Fluctuating or undulating signal of varying pitch for a per-
iod of two minutes duration sounded on a siren, or if such a siren be not available, then
such other signal as may be available, published, and designated for that purpose.

ALL-CLEAR SIGNAL: A continuous signal of two minutes duration at a steady pitch
sounded on such siren; or if such siren be not available, then such other signal as may be
available, published and designated for that purpose.

BLACK-OUT STRUCTURE: Any area so enclosed that any illumination maintained or exist-
ing therein is not visible from ary point outside such enclosure.

Section 2. No person shall at any time subsequent to a black-out signal and prior to the
all-clear signal next thereafter, effect or maintain any illumination or permit any illumina-
tion under his control to be effected or maintained, at any place within the City of Las

Vegas save within a black-out structure.


Section 3. Any illumination contrary to the provisions of this ordinance, or to any rule
or regulation adopted and promulgated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, constitutes a
public nuisance, and the same may be summarily abated by any peace officer, fireman or other
duly deputized person. Any structure may be entered by any peace officer or fireman or any
other duly deputized person, using reasonable force if necessary, for the purpose of abating
such a nuisance by extinguishing such illumination during such period of black-out.

Section 4. Upon the sounding of any such black-out signal all operators of automobiles,
motor vehicles, bicycles, or other vehicles shall immediately pull such vehicle over to the
curb of the street or side of the road and park their said vehicle at that point and imme-
diately extinguish all lights, and such vehicle shall remain standing at that point until
the all-clear signal herein provided shall be given; provided, however, that all motor and
other vehicles operated by U. S. Armed Forces, Doctors, Nurses, Persons necessary to oper-
ate and maintain public utilities, peace officers, fireman, black-out wardens, and other
duly authorized persons, and necessary ambulances, may be operated with approved identifica-
tion and approved lights only, which lights and identification shall be in the manner set
forth in the rules and regulations provided for in Section 7.

Section 5. The Chief of Police or such other officer or person as may be designated by him,
is hereby authorized and directed to notify any authorized recipient of a black-out signal
and of all-clear signal in his city at once and forthwith to cause the sounding of a black-
out signal and of an all-clear signal whenever he shall receive such order from the U. S.
Armed Forces in charge.

Section 6. No person shall operate a siren or other audible device in such a manner that it
cannot be easily distinguished from a black-out or an all-clear signal .

Section 7. The Chief of Police is hereby authorized and directed to promulgate, publish and
enforce such orders, rules, and regulations, approved by the Board of City Commissioners
and not inconsistent with the provisions of this ordinance as may be necessary to maintain
adequate black-outs and other air raid protection measures, and to protect people and pro-
perty within the city, during black-outs. Such orders, rules and regulations may also supple-
ment this ordinance to the extent necessary to properly and adequately extinguish and ob-
scure lights, regulate the movement of emergency and other vehicles within the city, prevent
the congregation of persons on the street or in public places or buildings within the city,
notwithstanding any ordinance or provision of law to the contrary, and provide such other
measures as may be necessary or proper in order to accomplish the above mentioned purposes.
Such orders, rules and regulations, so approved by the Board of City Commissioners, shall
have the force and effect of law, and a violation of any such orders, rules and regulations
shall subject the violator thereof to the penalty provisions hereof.

Section 8. The Chief of Police may appoint for a specified time as many special police,
without pay, as may be deemed advisable for service in connection with any black-out or
other air-raid protection measures. During the term of service of such special police, they
shall possess all the powers and privileges and perform all the duties of police officers of
the City of Las Vegas. Said special police must wear such identifying emblem as may be pre-
scribed by the said Chief of Police and it shall be unlawful for any said special policeman
to attempt to carry out any order, rule or regulation promulgated under the authority con-
ferred by this ordinance when he is not wearing said identifying emblem.

Section 9. It shall be unlawful to disobey any lawful direction or order of a peace offi-
cer or fireman or other duly deputized person given during a period of black-out or air
raid alarm, which order is reasonably necessary to the maintenance of public order or safety
or to effect the extinguishment of light.

Section 10. The provisions of every ordinance of this city requiring any illumination to be
maintained in conflict with this ordinance, shall be deemed suspended during the period be-
tween any black-out signal and the all-clear signal next thereafter.

Section 11. Any person, firm, association or corporation who or which shall be found guilty
of a violation of any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be fined not more than
Three Hundred Dollars ($300.00) or be confined in the City Jail for a period of not to ex-
ceed 150 days or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 12. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to
have this ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published
in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that
is to say, once a week for a period of two weeks.

HOWELL C. GARRISON

Mayor

Attest: HELEN SCOTT
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted
this 4th day of February, 1942, A. D., by the following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux, Mayor Garrison.

Voting No:	None

Absent:	None

HELEN SCOTT

City Clerk

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed reg-
ular meeting of the Board on the 17th day of November, 1942, at which time it was proposed,
considered and voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas
Age, for a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its
first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board a second time at a regular
meeting of the Board on the 4th day of March, 1942.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor, ProTem Clark, Voting
Aye.

Voting Nor None

Absent and not voting: Mayor Garrison

Pat Clark

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada

Attest: HELEN SCOTT
City Clerk

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss

COUNTY OF CLARK )

CHARLES P. SQUIRES, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Editor of Las Vegas Age,
a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 269 was published in said news-
paper for a period of 2 weeks from February 13, 1942 to February 20, 1942 inclusive, being the
issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: February 13, 20, 1942.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $60.90.

Signed: CHARLES P. SQUIRES

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th day of March, 1942.

C. D. BREEZE

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada

My Commission Expires: June 9, 1943

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE

ORDINANCE NO. 270

AN ORDINANCE CREATING A PLANNING COMMISSION FOR THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DEFINING THE POWERS
AND DUTIES THEREOF AND MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

SECTION: 1. It is hereby created a planning commission for the City of Las Vegas in accord-
ance with Chapter 110, Statutes of Nevada, 1941, approved March 28, 1941, consisting of
nine members. Six members shall be appointed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas with
the approval of the City Commissioners; the remaining three members shall consist of the
City Engineer of the City of Las Vegas, the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas and the City
Clerk. The City Engineer, the Mayor and the City Clerk shall be ex-officio members. The
term of each appointed member shall be six years, or until his successor takes office,
except that the respective terms of five of the members first appointed shall be one, two,
three, four and five years. Members may be relieved after public hearing by a majority
vote of the governing body for inefficiency, neglect of duty or malfeasance of office. A
vacancy occurring otherwise than through the expiration of term shall be filled for the
unexpired term by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas with the approval of the Board of
Commissioners.

SECTION 2. The said planning commission shall have the powers and duties and be governed
by the proceedings prescribed by Chapter 110, Statutes of Nevada, 1941, approved March 28,

1941.

SECTION 3. This ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as an EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
and it shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

SECTION 4. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper, printed and published in the City of Las Vegas
County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say once each week
for a period of two weeks.

The foregoing Ordinance was read aloud for the first time and voted upon at a regular meet-
ing of the Board of City Commissioners on the 6th day of April, 1942.

Vote for: Commissioners: Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux, and his Honor the Mayor, Howell C.

Garrison, and was read aloud for the second time and passed by the unanimous consent of the
Board as an Emergency Ordinance on the 6th day of April, 1942.

Vote for: Commissioners: Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux, and his Honor, the Mayor, Howell C.

 Garrison.

Voting aye: All. Noes, None, Absent, None.

Approved this 6th day of April 1942.

Howell C. Garrison, Mayor.

Attest: Helen Scott, City Clerk
By: LeRoy Whipple, Deputy.
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA )

( SS

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lockrie being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of Las Vegas
Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the Comity of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continu-
ously published in said newspaper for a period of Two Weeks, from April 7, 1942 to
April 14th, 1942 inclusive, being the issues of said News Paper for the following dates,
to-wit, April 7th - 14th.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed:	Dick Lochrie__________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st
day of April 1942.

(SEAL)

A. E. Cahlan___________

Notary Public in and for
Clark County, Nevada.

My commission Expires
Jan. 12, 1943.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
ORDINANCE NO. 271

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 9 OF ORDINANCE NO. 165 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED
"AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT GAMING AND OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A LICENSE THEREFOR REGULATING THE SAMS, FIXING THE AMOUNT OF SUCH
LICENSE, PROVIDING A PENALTY THEREFOR, REPEALING ORDINANCE NOS. 77, 82, 88, 103 and 115,

AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH".

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 9 of Ordinance 165 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended to read
as follows:

Any licensee holding a valid existing license from the City of Las Vegas for a current
quarter, may, during such current quarter, secure a license for additional slot machines,
games or devices, as the case may be, ever and above the particular number of slot machines,
games or devices for which he, they or it holds a license, for the remainder of the quarter
by paying the city clerk the license fee above provided, for the additional particular slot
machine, game or device, as the case may be, provided that such licensee first be required
to make an application to the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas for such additional
slot machine, game or device and receive the approval of the Board of City Commissioners
at their regular meeting, after which the city clerk shall issue an additional license
for the remainder of such quarter, and the additional license shall be upon the same terms
and conditions as though issued under the provisions of section 8 of this ordinance, as
amended by Ordinance No. 245.

SECTION 2. This ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as an EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
and it shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

SECTION 3. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say once each week for a
period of two weeks.

The foregoing Ordinance was read aloud for the first time and voted upon at a regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners on the 6th day of April, 1942.

Vote for: Commissioners: Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux, and his Honor, the Mayor, Howell
C. Garrison, and was read aloud for the second time and passed by the unanimous consent of
the Board as an emergency Ordinance on the 6th day of April, 1942.

Vote for: Commissioners: Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor, the Mayor, Howell C.
Garrison.

Voting aye: - Noes, none, Absent, none.

Approved this 6th day of April. Howell C. Garrison

Mayor

Attest: Helen Scott, City Clerk
LeRoy Whipple, Deputy.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) SS
COUNTY OF CLARK)

C. P. Squires being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Editor of Las Vegas Age, a
weekly news-paper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Emergency Ordinance, No 271, of the City
of the City of Las Vegas, was published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks from
April 10, 1942 to April 17, 1942 inclusive being the issue of said newspaper for the follow-
ing dates, to-wit: April 10 and 17, 1942.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $26.10.

Signed: C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th day of April, 1942.

Joe Hufford

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada.

My Commission expires May 8, 1943.

(SEAL)

----oOo------

ORDINANCE NO. 272

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 1 of ORDINANCE NO. 265 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

ENTITLED "AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE SALE OF MILK, CREAM AND OTHER DAIRY PRODUCTS IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS; DEFINING STANDARDS FOR MILK AND CREAM; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS
FOR THE SALE OF MILK AND CREAM, AND REVOCATION OF SUCH PERMITS; PROVIDING FOR THE CREATION
OF A MILK ORDINANCE COMMITTEE. PROVIDING FOR THE APPOINTMENT OF A DAIRY AND MILK INSPECTOR;
AUTHORIZING THE CITY COMMISSIONERS TO PROMULGATE RULES AND REGULATIONS FOR THE ENFORCEMENT
OF THIS ORDINANCE; PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE REPEALING ORDINANCE
NO. 200 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED 'AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE SALE OF MILK, CREAM
AND OTHER DAIRY PRODUCTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DEFINING STANDARDS FOR MILK AND CREAM;
PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS FOR THE SALE OF MILK AND CREAM AND THE REVOCATION OF
SUCH PERMITS; AUTHORIZING THE CITY COMMISSIONERS TO PROMULGATE RULES AND REGULATIONS FOR THE
ENFORCEMENT OF THIS ORDINANCE; PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF; AND REPEALING
ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH', AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES
AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT WITH THIS ORDINANCE."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 1 of Ordinance 265 is hereby amended to read as follows:

It shall be unlawful for any producer or distributor to sell or deliver or possess with
intent to sell or deliver	any milk or	cream	without a	permit from the Board of City Commissioners

of the City of Las Vegas,	such permit	to be	issued by	the City Clerk upon a prescribed form.

All applications for permits shall be in writing and shall state the location of the dairy
OR PLACE OF BUSINESS: WHETHER THE APPLICANT	IS Owner,	lessee or agent of the dairy; and the

description and number of	cows in the	dairy	herd. If	the applicant is obtaining milk or

cream from any source other than the herd described, he shall make the same statement for each
dairy or herd from which he procures such milk and cream. Each applicant for a permit to be
issued under the terms of this ordinance shall be accompanied by a fee of two Dollars ($2.00),
and all permits shall expire on the thirty-first day of December of each year. Fees so
collected shall be used for the administration of the Milk Ordinance. Before the issuance
of a permit, the application of same shall be passed upon by the Las Vegas Milk Ordinance
Committee, as hereinafter provided, and said Milk Ordinance Committee shall recommend to the
City Commissioners whether or not the same shall be issued. A reasonable time shall be
allowed for the examination by the duly authorized Milk Inspector of the dairy herds described
in the application for permits, before any recommendations shall be made to the City
Commissioners by said Milk Ordinance Committee; provided, however, that the provisions of this
section shall not apply to retail grocery stores, restaurants, or other retail establishments
situated in the City of Las Vegas, purchasing milk or milk products from Distributors duly
licensed under the terms of this ordinance.

PROVIDED FURTHER: That all milk shipped into the City of Las Vegas from out of state
points for retail distribution must be raw milk; and provided further, that in case of
necessity due to an extreme shortage of milk or cream any milk Distributor licensed by the
City of Las Vegas may obtain a supply of milk or cream either raw or pasteurized from other
sources than his regular patrons by notifying the Milk Inspector of such shipment.

Section 2. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period
of two weeks.

_____Pat Clark________________________

Attest: Helen Scott Reed	Mayor - pro tem

City Clerk 

(Seal) 

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted this 22nd day
of May, A. D. 1942, by the following vote: Voting aye: Smith, Tinch, Clark.

Voting no: None. Absent, Rubidoux and Mayor Garrison.



This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed regular meeting of the
Board on the 22nd day of May, 1942, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted upon
and adopted by the vote of three commissioners and thereafter published in the Las Vegas
Evening-Review Journal, for a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks
immediately following its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board a
second time at a regular meeting of the Board on the 4th day of June, 1942.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, and Tinch and His Honor the Mayor, Howell
C. Garrison, Voting aye. Voting No: None. Absent and not voting: None.

Attest: Helen Scott Reed	 Howell C. Garrison___________________

City Clerk	Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Clark

County, Nevada

(city seal)	
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
ORDINANCE No. 273

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE PRESCRIBING REQUIREMENTS FOR THE CONSTRUCTION OF DEFENSE HOUSING.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

WHEREAS, a state of war exists between the United States of America, and Japan, Germany and
Italy; and

WHEREAS, the prosecution of the war requires that certain essential metals and other materials
be reserved and made available primarily for military uses and only secondarily for civilian
uses such as the construction of dwellings; and

WHEREAS, for the reason the War Production Board, created by executive order of the President
of the United States on January 16, 1942, has issued a "Defense Housing Critical List" of
critical materials which are essential to the construction and equipment of housing, and

WHEREAS, certain housing construction in communities located in areas designated as "defense
housing areas" by the War Production Board is eligible for priority assistance under preference
rating orders issued by the War Production Board, but only for the materials and products
listed in said "Defense Housing Critical List" and only in much limited quantities and for such
limited uses as are therein specified; and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is located and included in such a "defense housing area" and
it is in the interest of public health, safety and welfare that the city be in a position to
secure the construction of essential housing for defense workers and others; and

WHEREAS, the city wishes to cooperate in every way with the federal government in the prose-
cution of the war effort, now therefore, in the interest of national defense and as a war
emergency measure, NOW THEREFORE,

Section 1. Definitions. The following terms shall, for the purpose of this ordinance, have
the meaning indicated in this section:

(a)	"Building Code" shall mean and refer to any ordinance or ordinances, both singly
and collectively, relating to the construction of buildings and to the installation
of plumbing, heating and ventilating equipment, and electric wiring.

(b)	"Building official" shall mean the officer or other person charged with the ad-
ministration and enforcement of the building code of the city, or his duly authorized
representative.

(c)	The term "Construction" shall include the construction, alteration, expansion,
remodeling or repair of buildings.

(d)	"Defense housing" means a project for. the construction of one or more living
accomodations and related community and utility services for which a preference
rating order has been issued by the War Production Board to facilitate the acquisition
of critical material.

(e)	"Defense Housing Critical List" means the list of materials as issued by the War
Production Board, effective February 24, 1942, and subsequent amendments thereto and
revisions thereof.

(f)	"Critical material" means an item which is produced for the construction of equipment
of buildings and which is subject to priority, allocation or limitation control by
the War Production Board.

(g)	"Non-Critical material" means an item which is produced for the construction of
equipment of buildings and which is not subject to priority, allocation or limitation
control by the War Production Board.

Section 2. Suspension of Code Provisions. For the duration of the present state of war
between the United States of America and Germany, Italy and Japan, or until this ordinance
be sooner repealed, building permits as now required by the ordinance of this city may
be granted for defense housing construction although the drawings and specifications there-
for do not conform to the requirements of the building code insofar as said code relates to
the use of critical material, subject to the following terms and conditions:

(a)	In all cases where the building code requires the use of a critical material for a
particular construction purpose and the use of such material for that purpose is not per-
mitted by the Defense Housing Critical List, there may be substituted therefor such materials,
and in such quantities, as are specified in or limited by the Defense Housing Critical List;
Provided, That where the Defense Housing Critical List allows a choice of materials for a
particular construction purpose, the building official within his discretion may determine
which alternate material shall be used.

(b) In cases where the building code requires a critical material for a particular con-
struction purpose and where the same or another critical material is not eligible for such
purpose under the Defense Housing Critical List, the building official may permit the use

of any non-critical material which will, in his opinion, provide the best available substitute.

(c)	Nothing herein shall be construed to authorize the granting of a building permit for any
proposed construction not conforming in all respects to the requirements of the building code
if the building official finds that such proposed construction will create a nuisance or will
endanger public health, safety and welfare: Provided, That such findings shall be reduced

to writing and shall be recorded and filed with the City Clerk, subject to public inspection
at all times said Clerk's office is open to the public.
Section 3. Copies of Critical List to be Kept on File. The City Clerk shall secure, mark
with the words "Official Copy," and keep on file in his office at all times three copies of
the latest revision of the Defense Housing Critical List, together with all amendments there-
to and all codes, standards and specification referred to therein, Said documents shall be
available for public use and inspection at all times that office is open to the public.

Section 4. Enforcement. All duly constituted building, plumbing, electrical and other
inspectors of the city are hereby authorized and other inspectors of the city are hereby
authorized and directed to enforce and compel, by the use of all existing remedies, compli-
ance with the requirements of the building code in the construction of all defense housing
except insofar as the building code requires the use of critical materials. In construction
calling for the use of critical materials, and for which building permit has been granted
pursuant to Section 2 of this ordinance, the specifications thereforshall be strictly en-
forced, and if any such inspector believes that the construction will create a nuisance or
situation dangerous to public health, safety or welfare he shall notify the building official,
who, if he makes a finding that such is the case, may suspend the building permit until he
finds that the offending condition has been remedied or he may revoke the permit: Provided,
That any such finding shall be reduced to writing, with a statement of the reasons therefor,
signed by the building official, and filed with the City Clerk; and the same shall be subject
to public inspection at all times said Clerk's office is open to the public.

Section 5. Severability. All parts and provisions of this ordinance are declared to be
severable, and if any part or provision hereof is held invalid, such invalidity shall not
effect any other part of provision of this ordinance which can be given effect without the
invalid provision.

Section 6. Repeal of Conflicting Ordinances. All Ordinances or parts of ordinances in con-
flict herewith are hereby repealed to the extent of the conflict.

Section 7. This ordinance is declared and passed as an emergency ordinance, and shall take
effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 8. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance pub-
lished in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas for a period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a recessed regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the 4th day of June
1942, and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon the second reading on said last mention-
ed date, on the following vote:

Voting Aye: Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, Mayor Garrison.

Voting No:	None.

Absent: None	

(SEAL)	Howell C. Garrison

Mayor

Attest: Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks, from June 5th, 1942, to June 12,1942.
inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: June 5th-12th.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day of June, 1942.

A. E. Cahlan

(SEAL)	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My commission expires Jan 12, 1943.	

ORDINANCE No. 274

AN ORDINANCE TO REPEAL SECTION 14 PART 4 AND TO AMEND SECTION 14 PART 5, and SECTION 17 AND
SECTION 36 AND TO ADD SECTION 26a TO ORDINANCE 170 ENTITLED "AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS REGULATING TRAVEL AND TRAFFIC UPON THE PUBLIC STREETS: ESTABLISHING A CENTRAL
TRAFFIC DISTRICT AND PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE BREACH OF ANY OF THE RULES OR REGULATIONS
REGARDING TRAFFIC IN THIS ORDINANCE PROVIDED: AND REPEALING ORDINANCES NUMBER 66, 68, 69,

86, 90, 94, 120, 124, 127, 141 and 143, THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND
PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 14, part 4, of Ordinance 170 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby repealed.

Section 2. Section 14, part 5, is amended to read as follows: Right hand turns may be made
at any intersection at any time provided, however, that the operator of vehicles shall not
turn such vehicles to the right at any intersection or into any alley or driveway unless
such vehicle is, at the time of turning, in the line of traffic nearest the curve to the
right of such vehicle; provided, however, that if the traffic signal, or traffic sign, is
against the person making such right hand turn, the driver of such vehicle shall come to a
complete stop before turning right.

Section 5. Section 17 of Ordinance number 170 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended to
read as follows:

Section 17. Boulevard Right of Way. Vehicles traveling in a lawful manner upon the following
streets shall have the right of way on that street over vehicles approaching from inter-
secting streets unless such street shall have boulevard stops placed therein:

Stewart Street from East line of Main Street to East line of Fourteenth Street.

Main Street from the City limits on the North to the intersection with Fifth Street near
the South City Limits.

Fremont Street from the East line of Main Street to the City limits on the East.

Ogden Street from the East line of Main Street to the East line of Twelfth Street.

Carson Street from the East line of Main Street to the East line of Twelfth Street.

Bridger Street from the East line of Main Street to the East line of Twelfth Street.

Clark Avenue on West side from the West line of Main Street to the West line of Eighth
Street in Original Townsite of Las Vegas.

Fifth Street from the South line of Linden Avenue to the City limits on the South.

Upon approaching any of the above named streets it shall be unlawful for the operator of any
vehicle to fail to bring	said vehicle to a complete	stop	at	the limit	line which	the Street

Superintendent is hereby	authorized to indicate, by	sign	or	mark at the property	line of	the

above mentioned street, provided, however, that when the intersection is controlled by a
police officer or by a traffic signal no vehicle shall be stopped as above provided when
a signal to proceed has been given.

Section 4. Section 36 of Ordinance number 170 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended
to read as follows:

It shall be unlawful for any person to ride, drive, or propel any vehicle at a rate
of speed greater than 12 miles per hour on streets adjourning school grounds occupied by
a school building or buildings; or to propel any vehicle at a rate of speed greater than
15 miles per hour at any street intersection of any of the streets in the city of Las Vegas;
or to propel any vehicle	at a rate of speed greater	than	20	miles per	hour along	Fremont

Street between Main Street and 12th Street; or to propel	or	drive any	vehicle at	a rate

of speed exceeding 25 miles per hour on any other street, public highway, road, alley, lane,
avenue, boulevard within the limits of the City of Las Vegas provided, however, that 25 mile
speed limit shall not operate in the three instances hereinbefore regulated in this
Section.

Section 5. Section 26a, part 1 of Ordinance number 170 of the City of Las Vegas shall read
as follows:

It shall be unlawful to drive in an easterly direction on that alley running east to west
between Fremont and Carson Streets from Main Street to 5th Street; and it shall be unlaw-
ful to park on the south side of the alley running east to west between Fremont Street and
Carson Street from Main Street to 5th Street.

Section 6. Section 26a, part 2, of Ordinance number 170 of the City of Las Vegas shall read
as follows:

It shall be unlawful to drive in a westerly direction on that alley running east to west

between Fremont Street and Ogden Street from Main Street to 5th Street; and it shall be

unlawful to park on the north side of that alley running east to west between Fremont Street

and Ogden Street from Main Street to 5th Street.



Section 7. Section 26a, part 3 of Ordinance number 170 of the City of Las Vegas shall read
as follows:	

It shall be unlawful for any vehicle to make a turn south from Fremont Street into the alley
running north and south between Main Street and 1st Street, and it shall be unlawful for any
vehicle to go in a southerly direction on that portion of the alley running north and south
between Main Street and First Street, from the intersection of the alley running east and
west between Fremont and Ogden Street running from First Street west.

Section 8. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks.

Howell C. Garrison

Attest: Helen Scott Reed	Mayor.

City Clerk

(SEAL)

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this 4th day

of June, A. 1942, by the following vote; Commissioners

Voting Aye: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, Mayor Garrison

Voting No: None

Absent:	None.


This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed regular meeting of the
Board of the 4th day of June, 1942, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted
upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, for
a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading.
And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board a second time at a recessed regular meeting
of the Board on the 7th day of July, 1942.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, and Tinch, and his Honor the Mayor, Howell
C. Garrison, Voting Aye.

Voting No: None.

Absent and not voting, None.

Howell C. Garrison

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Clark County, Nevada

Attest: Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk,

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

( ss

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuous-
ly published in said newspaper for a period of Two Weeks, from June 5th, 1942 to June 12th
1942, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates; to-wit:

June 5th - 12th -

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed, Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day
of June 1942.

A. E. Cahlan

(SEAL)	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My commission expires, Jan. 12, 1943.

ORDINANCE NO. 275

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE PARKING OF
VEHICLES ON PRIVATE PREMISES

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Definitions. Whenever the following terms are used in this
Ordinance, they shall be deemed and construed to have the meaning ascribed to them, as
follows:

Vehicle:	Any device upon or by which any person or property is transport-

ed from one place to another.

To Park: To stand a vehicle for a period of time greater than is reasonably-
necessary for the actual loading thereon or unloading therefrom of persons or property.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person to park any vehicle owned,
operated or under control of such person in or upon any premises owned by another.

Section 3. The provisions of Section 2 shall not apply to any person who
parks such vehicle upon the premised of another with the permission, express or implied,
of the owner or lessee of such premises, or the agent of such owner or lessee, provided
that such vehicle is parked within the limits and according to the restrictions, if any, of
such permission.

Section 4. When any person, firm or corporation shall establish a place for
parking vehicles on premises owned or leased by such person, firm or corporation such own-
er or lessee or the agent of such owner or lessee, may designate the space for parking and
the manner of parking thereon, the space thereon to be used for parking by different types
of vehicles and may also limit the time such vehicle may remain parked on such premises.

Such designation of manner, space and time limitations may be made by appropriate signs,
so posted that an ordinary intelligent and observant person would be apprised of or aware
of their existence and meaning. Any permission given to another, or others, by the owner,
lessee or agent of such owner or lessee of such premises, to park thereon, shall be con-
sidered as limited and restricted to the space for parking, manner of parking, space to be
used by designated types of vehicles, and time, so designated.

Section 5. The provisions of this ordinance shall not apply to emergency
vehicles of the police, fire or health departments of the City of Las Vegas, not to any
vehicle owned or operated by the County of Clark, or the State of Nevada, or an officer
thereof actually engaged in emergency duties of his office.

Section 6. Any person violating the provisions of this Ordinance shall be
punished by a fine of not more than Fifty ($50.00) Dollars, and in default of the payment of
such fine may be imprisoned in the City Jail of the City of Las Vegas, one day for each Two
Dollars of such fine remaining unpaid.

Section 7. The city clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance pub-
lished in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, published in the city of Las Vegas, Clark
county, Nevada, for a period of two weeks.

Attest: Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk.	

Howell C. Garrison
Mayor.

Seal.

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and
adopted this 4th day of June, 1942 by the following vote.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor The

Mayor.

Voting No: None.

Absent: None.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board of City Commissioners for the first time at a
regular meeting of the Board on the 4th day of June, 1942 at which time it was proposed, con-
sidered and voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Age
for a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first
reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board a second time at a recessed regular
meeting of the Board on the 24th day of Aug., 1942.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and Mayor Garrison.

Voting No: None.

Absent and not voting: Commissioner Clark.

Howell C. Garrison

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed.	Mayor.

City Clerk.

Seal.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

(ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

A.J. Brimacombe being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is advertising manager of LAS
VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance 275 was published
in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from June 12, 1942 to June 19, 1942 inclusive,
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: June 12 and 19, 1942.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $30.00.

Signed- A.J. Brimacombe

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day of July, 1942.

Le Roy Whipple

Notary Public in and for

Clark County, Nevada

ORDINANCE NO. 276

AN ORDINANCE PROHIBITING PROSTITUTION, IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS AND WITHIN ONE MILE OUT-
SIDE OF THE CITY LIMITS THEREOF: TO SUPPRESS, PROHIBIT, REGULATE AND PRESCRIBE THE LOCATION
OF HOUSES OF PROSTITUTION, AND PLACES RESORTED TO FOR THE PURPOSE OF PROSTITUTION, AND OTHER
MATTERS RELATING THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. It shall be unlawful:

(a) For any person, firm, association or corporation to keep, set up, maintain, or
operate, lease or rent, any place, structure, building, or conveyance for the purpose of
prostitution.

(b)	For any person to occupy any place, structure, building, or conveyance for the
purpose of prostitution, or for any person to permit any place, structure, building, or
conveyance owned by him or under his control to be used for the purpose of prostitution,
with knowledge or reasonable cause to know that the same is, or is to be used for such
purpose; or for any person to lease or rent to another person, firm, association or
corporation, any place, structure, building or room for the purpose of prostitution.
(c)	For any person to receive or to offer or agree to receive any person into any place,
structure, building or conveyance for the purpose of prostitution, or to permit any person
to remain there for such purpose.

(d)	For any person to procure or to solicit or to offer to procure or solicit for the
purpose of prostitution.

(e)	For any person to reside in, enter, or remain in any structure, or building or to
enter or remain in any conveyance for the purpose of prostitution.

SECTION 2. In prosecutions under this ordinance, common fame or reputation shall be
competent evidence to prove that the defendant is a prostitute, solicitor or procurer, or that
the house or place mentioned in the complaint is a house of prostitution. Any house or place
used or occupied for the purpose of prostitution, or where prostitution is practiced or
carried on, is taken and deemed to be a house of prostitution. It shall not be necessary in
a prosecution in which defendant is charged with being a prostitute, to prove an overt act
of sexual intercourse against said defendant.

SECTION 3. In the trail of any person charged with a violation of the provisions of
Section 1 of this ordinance, testimony of a prior conviction, or testimony converning the
reputation of any place, structure, or building or of the person or persons who reside in or
frequent the same, or of the defendant shall be admissible in evidence in support of the
charge.

SECTION 4. Any person violating any of the provisions of Section 1 of this ordinance
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be punished by a fine not to exceed
Three Hundred ($300.00) Dollars, or imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not to
exceed 150 days, or by both fine and imprisonment, and in default of the payment of any fine,
or any part thereof, shall be imprisoned in the City Jail of the City of Las Vegas one (1)
day for each two (2) dollars of such fine remaining unpaid.



SECTION 5. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby re-
pealed.

SECTION 6. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, adoption
and publication in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas
for two successive issued.

SECTION 7. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Age a weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks. that is to say, once each week for a period of
two weeks.

ATTEST:	/s/ Howell C. Garrison_________

Mayor

/s/ Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

(SEAL)

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and approved
this 4th day of June, A.D., 1942, by this following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux, and His Honor the Mayor Howell C. Garrison
Voting No:	Commissioner Smith, Tinch

Absent:	None.

(NOTE: THIS ORDINANCE WAS ONLY READ ONCE, AND WAS NEVER ADOPTEE.)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK)

A. J. Brimacombe being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Advertising manager of
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance 276 was
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from June 12, 1942 to June 19, 1942
inclusive, being the issued of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: June 12
and 19, 1942. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named. That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $36.90

Signed — A. J. Brimacombe

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day of July, 1942.

Signed — Le Roy Whipple

Notary Public in and for
Clark County, Nevada

-0OOO000OOO0-
ORDINANCE NUMBER 277
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE No. 244 BY ADDING SECTION 7A and 7B TO SAID ORDINANCE N&. 244
ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS LICENSING, FOR PURPOSES OR REGULATION AND
REVENUE EVERY KIND OF LAWFUL BUSINESS, HEREINAFTER SPECIFIED, TRANSACTED OR CARRIED ON WITHIN
THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, STATE OF NEVADA: FIXING THE RATES OF LICENSE

TAX UPON THE SAME AND PROVIDING FOR THE COLLECTION OF SAID LICENSE TAX, AMD A PUNISHMENT FOR
CARRYING ON OR CONDUCTING ANY SUCH BUSINESS WITHOUT A LICENSE, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES
NUMBERED 1, 2, 4, 13, 14, 35, 48, 62, 74, 75, 81, 95, ;02, 105, 108, 112, 117, 145, 184, 192
and 243.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

There is hereby added to Section 7 of Ordinance No 244, Sections 7A and 7B which shall read
as follows:

Section 7A: Any and all persons, firms or corporations, excepting taxi cabs, operating a
motor transportation service for the carriage of passengers exclusively in the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, shall pay to the City of Las Vegas a quarterly license fee of $50.00 Dollars for each
buss not over 30 persons, occupancy for each bus. Before such license shall be issued the
applicant must file an application designating the routes.

Section 7B. Owing to the emergency existing due to the rationing of tires and other materials
required for war purposes only one such license shall be granted.

This ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as an Emergency Ordinance and it shall
take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in the Las Vegas Evening
Review-Journal a newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
for a period of two weeks, that is to say once each week for a period of two weeks.

The foregoing Ordinance was read aloud for the first time and voted upon at a recessed regular
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners on the 7th day of July, 1942.

Vote for: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor the Mayor, Howell C.
Garrison, and was read aloud for the second time and passed by the unanimous consent of the
Board as an emergency ordinance on the 7th day of July, 1942.

Voting for: Commissioners: Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor the Mayor, Howell
C. Garrison. Voting aye:

Voting nos. None
Absent:	None.

Howell C. Garrison
Mayor

Attest: Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk.

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

( ss

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of once a week for 2 weeks from July 9, 1942 to
July 16, 1942 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:
July 9, 1942 and July 16, 1942.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed: Dick Lochrie.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this ___ day of, July 16, 1942.



A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada.

(SEAL)

My commission expires January 12, 1943.

----------

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
ORDINANCE No. 278.

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 7 OF ORDINANCE No. 264 OF THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS ENTITLED "AN
ORDINANCE OF THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF MS VEGAS, ESTABLISHING A RESIDENCE DISTRICT,
INDUSTRIAL AND COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS, WITHIN THE SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DEFINING SUCH DISTRICTS;
DECLARING IT UNLAWFUL TO ERECT, ESTABLISH, MAINTAIN OR OPERATE CERTAIN FACTORIES, WORKS OR
ESTABLISHMENTS WITHIN SAID RESIDENCE DISTRICTS AND SAID COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS."
The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Section 1, Section 7 of Ordinance No 264 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended to read
as follows:

Section 7. That the commercial districts are hereby created and established within
the said City as described as follows:

All frontage on Fremont Street from Main Street to the east City Limits of a
depth not exceeding 150 feet; all frontage on Fifth Street from the South City
Limits to the north property line of Stewart Street to a depth not exceeding
150 feet; all frontage on the east side of Fifty Street from the north property
line of Stewart Street to the north City Limits to a depth not exceeding 150 feet;
all lots fronting on First Street from Bridger Street to Stewart Street; all lots
fronting on Third Street from Stewart Street to Bridger Street; all lots fronting
oh Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Streets from Stewart
Street to Carson Street; all lots on Second Street from Clark to Stewart, all lots
on 4th Street from Bridger to Stewart; all lots on Clark Avenue and Wilson Avenue
in the original townsite; all frontage on the east side of Main Street from Carson
Street to Stewart Street to a depth not exceeding 150 feet; Lot 6, Block 6, Lot 7,

Block 5; Lot 7, Block 11; Lot 6, Block 10; all in the Valley View Addition to the
City of Las Vegas; also Lot 6, Block 22; Lot 7, Block 21; Lots 1 to 6 Inclusive in
Block 11 and 6; lots 7 to 12 inclusive in Blocks 12 & 5; all in the H.F.M.& M.

Addition to the City of Las Vegas;

Section 2. This Ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as ah emergency ordinance
and it shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 3. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, published in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say once each week for a period of two weeks.

The foregoing ordinance was read aloud for the first time and voted upon at a regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners on the 4th day of August, 1942, and was passed as an
emergency ordinance upon the second reading on said last mentioned date, on the following
vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor Howell C. Garrison.
Voting No : None
Absent : None

Approved

Howell C. Garrison
Mayor

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS
COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from August 6, 1942 to August 13, 1942
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: August 6th to
13, 1942.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed: Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th
day of August, 1942.

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

(SEAL)

My commission expires January 12,	1943.
ORDINANCE NUMBER 279

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 1 OF ORDINANCE NO. 266 OF THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS, AMENDING SECTION
7 OF ORDINANCE 210 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED "AN ORDINANCE TO FIX, IMPOSE, AND PROVIDE
FOR THE COLLECTION OF A LICENSE TAX ON MOTOR PROPELLED VEHICLES OPERATED FOR HIRE, AND TO
REGULATE THE OPERATION AND RUNNING OF THE SAME, WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS: FIXING A PENALTY
FOR THE VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDINANCE: AND REPEALING ORDINANCE NO.

100 AND ALL THE ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1 of said Ordinance No. 266, amending Section 7 of said Ordinance No. 210 is hereby
amended to read as follows:

CERTAIN ACTS UNLAWFUL— It shall be unlawful:

(a)	To operate a vehicle as herein defined, within the City of Las Vegas without having first
obtained a license, provided the security as herein provided, and paid the prescribed tax
therefor, as in this ordinance provided;

(b)	To fail to display the state, county or city license number of such vehicle;

(c) To permit passengers to ride on the running boards or sit upon the doors of such vehicle,
and to permit more than one person to ride with the operator or chauffeur;

(d)	To operate any vehicle at a rate of speed in excess of that fixed by the laws of the State
of Nevada and the ordinances of the City of Las Vegas;

(e)	To fail to come to a full stop within twenty-five (25) feet of the nearest rail of any
steam railroad when approaching the same, and to proceed across said Railroad track without
first determining that no engine, car or train is approaching in the direction of said
vehicle.

(f)	To alter the seating capacity of any vehicle so as to make the seating capacity thereof
greater than is provided for by the license under which it is operated, without the consent
of the Board of City Commissioners.

(g)	To fail, refuse or neglect to operate such vehicle in accordance with the designated
tariff of fares and during the hours set forth in the application made for such vehicle
license, except on Sundays and a reasonable time for going to and from meals, and in case
of accidents, break-downs or other casualties, or upon the surrender of said license.

(h)	To park a vehicle, as herein defined, on Fremont Street, Ogden Street, or Carson Street,
between Main Street and Seventh Street; or to park a vehicle on Main Street, First Street,

Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street, Fifth Street, Sixth Street or Seventh Street,
between Carson Street and Ogden Street; provided, however, that vehicles may park on these
Streets in those zones specified by the Police Department, as reserved for the vehicles;
provided, further that a vehicle, as herein defined, may park on any street or alley in the
city of Las Vegas, when parking for the purpose of discharging a passenger or passengers.

(i)	It shall be unlawful for any person to act as driver, operator, or chauffeur of any rent
service car or taxicab within the City of Las Vegas without first obtaining from the City
Clerk a badge authorizing him to act in such capacity, said badge to be numbered and to be
registered with the City Clerk and not to be transferable. Before obtaining said badge it will
be necessary for every operator, driver or chauffer desiring to obtain said badge to make
application to the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas, be fingerprinted first and furnish
said Chief of Police three (3) Photographs of himself, and to pass such examination as to his
qualifications before the Chief of Police. Said examination to consist of tests and the traffic
laws in the City of Las Vegas and State of Nevada and the driving and operation of a motor
vehicle, and applicant shall furnish credentials as to his sobriety and good character.

Said Chief of Police shall have the duty to either grant said applicant permission to obtain
an operators badge or to refuse the granting of same, after the completion of the examination.

If permission is granted to the applicant the Chief of Police shall furnish him with a
certificate entitling him to obtain a badge upon the presentation of the same to the City
Clerk. The applicant shall then present such certificate from the Chief of Police to the
City Clerk and upon the payment of the fee of $2.50 will obtain a badge the number of the
same being registered with the City Clerk together with the name, age and address of the op-
erator or chauffeur and said badge shall be at all times worn by said operator or chauffeur
in plain sight upon his cap or right breast.

In addition to the badge and identification card with the picture of the chauffeur, his name,
age and address and the number of the badge, must be in plain view in the car or taxicab
operated by said chauffeur.

(j)	All taxicab drivers in the City of Las Vegas must keep and maintain a record of each trip
made showing time and place and number of passengers and place where said passengers were picked
up and place of destination.

Section 2. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in the las
Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of two weeks.

Howell C. Garrison
Mayor

Attest: Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

SEAL

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this 4th.
day of September A.D. 194-2, by the following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and Mayor Garrison.

Voting No:	None.

Absent:	Commissioner Clark.		 

Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk
This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed regular meeting
of the Board on the 17th. day of November, 1941, at which time it was proposed, considered
and voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Age,
for a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately following it's first
reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board a second time at a recessed regular
meeting of the Board on the 6th. day of October, 1942.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch, and His Honor the Acting Mayor, A. F. Smith, Sr.
Voting No:	None.

Absent and not voting: Mayor Garrison, Commissioner Clark.

A. F. Smith, Sr.

Acting Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada.

Attest: Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dorothy D. Brimacombe, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That she is general manager
of Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
No. 279 was published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from September 11,

1942 to September 18, 1942 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the follow-
ing dates, to-wit: September 11 and 18, 1942.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $51.30.

Signed: Dorothy D. Brimacombe

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th. day of October, 1942.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

(SEAL)

My commission expires June 9, 1943.

-AN ORDINANCE NO. 280

AN ORDINANCE VACATING THE SOUTHERLY SEVENTY-FIVE (75) FEET OF THE ALLEY RUNNING NORTHERLY
AND SOUTHERLY THROUGH BLOCK NUMBER FIFTEEN IN CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE IN THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, FOR POLICE DEPARTMENT PURPOSES.

The Board of commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That in order to promote the public welfare of said City of Las Vegas, it is here-
by ordained and directed that the southerly seventy-five (75) feet of the alley running norther-
ly and southerly through Block number fifteen (15) in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in the City
of Las Vegas, as delineated on the official and record plat of the survey thereof on record 
in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book I of Plats at Page 37
Clark County, Nevada Records, be and the same is hereby vacated for use by the Las Vegas Police
Department as a parking area, provided, however, that said southerly seventy-five feet of
said alley shall be closed and kept closed after the passage and going into effect of this
Ordinance, solely by and at the expense of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. This Ordinance shall take effect and be in force and effect from and after its
passage and publication for two weeks in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a daily newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance No. 280 was read for the first time at a re-
gular meeting of the Board of Commissioners for the City of Las Vegas, held on the 16th of
November, 1942; that Notice of Intention to Vacate said alley was published in the Las Vegas
Review Journal on the 18th and 23rd days of November, 1942; that the foregoing Ordinance
was read for the second time on December 4, 1942, at a regular meeting of said Board of com-
missioners, and passed upon the following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor Mayor Howell C,

Garrison.

Voting No: None
Absent : None

Approved this 4th day of December, 1942.

Howell C. Garrison

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed	Mayor

City Clerk
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

( ss

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the Las Vegas Evening
Review- Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vega
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in-
said newspaper for a period of two weeks from November 18,1942 to November 25,1942 inclusive,
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: November 18,1942 and Nov-
ember 25,1942.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed: Dick Lochrie.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th day of November 1942.

A.E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada

(SEAL)

My Commission Expires January 12, 1943.

ORDINANCE NO. 281

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS REGULATING THE KEEPING AND STORAGE OF GASOLINE, BENZINE
KEROSENE, OR ANY PRODUCT OF PETROLEUM OR HYDRO-CARBON LIQUIDS, WHICH WILL FLASH OR EMIT AN
INFLAMMABLE VAPOR AT A TEMPERATURE BELOW 110 DEGREES FAHRENHEIT, IN LARGER THAN TEN GALLON
ABOVE-GROUND CONTAINERS, WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIO-
LATION THEREOF.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1, It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, or corporation to store or keep in
above-ground containers in quantities greater than ten gallons, any gasoline, benzine, kero-
sene, or any product of petroleum or hydro-carbon liquids which will flash or emit an inflam-
mable vapor at a temperature below 110 degrees Fahrenheit, within the Corporate limits of the
City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a permit therefor from the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas; provided, however, that the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas in the granting or refusal of such permit shall exercise reasonable and sound dis-
cretion, taking into consideration the character of the applicant and the intended location.

Section 2. Ten gallons of gasoline may be kept inside of a building in approved, self-closing
cans of a capacity not to exceed five (5) gallons, said cans to be painted red with the word
"Gasoline" painted on said cans in white letters, easily distinguishable.

Section 3. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation to deliver
more than one gallon of gasoline for storage purposes to any person, firm, association or
corporation in the City of Las Vegas, unless said person, firm, association or corporation
has fully complied with the regulations of this ordinance, and unless the gasoline storage
tank or containers in which the gasoline is to be stored complies with this ordinance.

Section 4. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of
two weeks.

Howell C. Garrison
Mayor

Attest: Helen Scott Reed

	 City Clerk

(SEAL)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted this 4th day
of January, A. D. 1943, by the following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch, and His Honor, the Mayor.

Voting No:	None.

Absent:	None.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting held on the
4th day of January, 1943, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted upon, and un-
animously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, published
in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately
following its first reading. And, it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second
time at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 4th day of February 1943.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor the Mayor.

Voting No:	None.

Absent:	None.

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed	APPROVED: Howell C. Garrison

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) SS
COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dorothy D. Brimacombe, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That she is general manager
of the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
No. 281 was published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from January 8, 1943
and January 15, 1943 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: January 8, 1943 and January 15, 1943.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $23.70.

Signed: Dorothy D. Brimacombe

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd. day of February, 1943.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

(SEAL)

My commission expired June 9, 1943.

ORDINANCE NO. 282

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 201.

Entitled, "AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE SLAUGHTERING OF ANIMALS AND SANITARY CONDITIONS OF
ALL PLACES DISPENSING FOOD AND REFRESHMENTS TO THE PUBLIC; PROVIDING FOR THE INSPECTION OF
MEATS AND MEAT PRODUCTS TO BE POSSESSED AND SOLD IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; PROHIBITING THE
SALE AND POSSESSION OF UNINSPECTED MEATS FOR HUMAN FOOD; AUTHORIZING THE APPOINTMENT OF MEAT
INSPECTORS; PROHIBITING THE SALE OF MEAT AND MEAT PRODUCTS BY UNLICENSED ESTABLISHMENTS AND
PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

That Section Twelve of Ordinance No. 201 is hereby amended by placing a period after the
word "dollars" in line 3 and deleting "and each retail establishment shall pay to the City
Clerk a monthly inspection fee of One ($1.00) Dollar." so that Section Twelve as amended
shall read "Each official slaughtering establishment designated by the Board of City Com-
missioners shall pay to the City Clerk an annual license fee of Twenty-five ($25.00) Dollars.

Proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this 16th day of December 1942, by the following
vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor.

Voting No:	None.

Absent:	None.

Published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, once a week for two weeks, to-wit:

Read a second time and passed the 4th day of January, 1943, by the following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and Mayor Garrison.

Voting No:	None.

Absent:	None.

Approved this 4th day of January, 1943.

Howell C. Garrison_________

Mayor

ATTEST:

(SEAL)

Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

) ss

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of 2 weeks from December 21, 1942 to December 28,
1942 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Decem-
ber 21 and 28, 1942.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
Signed Dick Lochrie_______

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th day of December, 1942.

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County,

Nevada

(SEAL)

My Commission Expires January 12, 1943

ORDINANCE NO. 283

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO AMEND SECTION XIV, ARTICLE IV, AND SECTIONS LXI
AND LXIII, ARTICLE VI OF ORDINANCE NO. 170 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED:

"AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS REGULATING TRAVEL AND TRAFFIC UPON THE PUBLIC STREETS,
ESTABLISHING A CENTRAL TRAFFIC DISTRICT: AND PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE BREACH OF ANY OF THE
RULES OR REGULATIONS REGARDING TRAFFIC IN THIS ORDINANCE PROVIDED: AND REPEALING ORDINANCES
NOS. 66-68-69-86-90-94-120-124-125-127-141 and 143 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS AND ALL ORDINANCES
IN CONFLICT HEREWITH."

The Board of	Commissioners	of the City	of	Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1.	Section XIV.,	Article IV,	of	Ordinance No. 170 of the City of	Las Vegas

is hereby amended to read as follows:

SECTION XIV. TURNING: - It shall be unlawful for the driver of any vehicle to violate
or fail to comply with any of the provisions hereinafter in this section set forth.

(1)	In turning to the left at street intersections, vehicles shall keep to the left of

the intersection markers or buttons set in the center of said intersections, and in the event
there are no markers or buttons set in the center of said intersections, then such vehicles
shall keep to the	left of the center of said intersection, but no vehicle shall	commence

to make such left	turn until it	has arrived	at	such street intersection, and it	shall keep as

close to said intersection markers or button or center of said intersection as practicable.

(2)	No vehicle shall be turned to the left at any street intersection or into any
alley or driveway, unless said vehicle is at the time, in the line of vehicles nearest the
center of the roadway.

(3)	Between the hours of seven A. M. and Seven P. M., of any day no vehicle shall be
turned to the left into or out of any alley or driveway in the Central Traffic District or
in any business district or upon any intersection where the Street Superintendent shall
have posted on the approaching side of the roadway a proper signal so directing.

(4) Right hand turns may be made at any intersection at any time provided, however,
that the operator of vehicles shall not turn such vehicle to the right at any intersection

or into any alley or driveway unless such vehicle is at the time of turning, in the line
of traffic nearest the curb to the right of such vehicle; provided, however, that if the
traffic signal, or traffic sign, is against the person making such right hand turn, the driver
of such vehicle shall come to a complete stop before turning right.

(5) The Street Superintendent is hereby authorized to mark intersections in the
following manner; a single marker shall be placed at the intersection of the medial lines
of intersecting streets when said streets intersect at right angles, except those inter-
sections which in the opinion of the Street Superintendent shall be marked by placing a marker
on each of the intersecting streets at the intersection of the medial lines of the roadway
and a prolongation of the property lines of the intersecting streets. For streets which do
not intersect at right angles or which can not be marked in either manner above specified
in the opinion of the Street Superintendent, he shall mark the same by placing a marker in
each of the intersecting streets at the points which in his opinion shall be most practicable
and safe to the traveling public.

SECTION 2. Section LXI, Article VI, of Ordinance No. 170 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
amended to read as follows:

SECTION LXI. APPROACHING INTERSECTIONS: - All vehicles approaching an intersection
of a public street, with the intention of turning thereat shall, in turning to the right,
keep to the right of the center of such intersection, and in turning to the left shall keep
to the left of, but as close as practicable to the center of such intersection.



Section 3. Section LXIII, Article VI, of Ordinance No. 170 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
amended to read as follows:

SECTION LXIII. TURNING CORNERS TO LEFT: - Every person riding, driving propelling
or in charge of any vehicle in or upon any street shall, in turning to the left into another
street, keep to the left of, but as close as practicable to the center of such street inter-
section.

Section 4. This ordinance shall take effect immediately after its publication and passage.

Section 5. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in the Las
Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for
a period of two weeks, that is to say once each week for a period of two weeks.
(Seal)

Attest: Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk	Pat Clark __________

By Ruth Spaulding	Mayor Pro Tem.

Deputy City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this
17th day of May, A.D. 1943, by the following vote: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye. Voting no. None.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting held on
the 17th day of May, 1943 , at which time it was proposed, considered and voted upon, and
unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper,
published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks
immediately following its first reading. And, it was thereafter read aloud to the Board
for a second time at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 4th day of June, 1943.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Clark.

Voting No: None.

(Seal)

Absent: Mayor Garrison

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed	APPROVED: PAT CLARK

City Clerk	Mayor pro tem.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

DOROTHY D. BRIMACOMBE being duly sworn, deposes and says that she is general manager of
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 283 was
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from May 21 to May 28, 1943, inclusive,
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

May 21, and 28, 1943.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $47.70.

Signed: Dorothy D. Brimacombe

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th day of June, 1943.	(SEAL)

C. D. BREEZE 

My Commission Expires June 9, 1947	Notary Public in and for

Clark County, Nevada

----0O0------

ORDINANCE 284

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND, REVISE, AND RE-ENACT SECTION 3 OF ORDINANCE NO. 166 OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS. AS AMENDED, AND TO REPEAL ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 3 of Ordinance No. 166 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: " An
Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the erection, construction, enlargement,
alteration, repair, moving, removal, demolition, conversion, occupancy, equipment, use, height,
area, and maintenance of all buildings and/or structures in the City of Las Vegas; providing
for the issuance of permits, and collection of fees therefor; providing penalties for the
violation thereof; declaring and establishing Fire Zones, repealing Ordinances Nos. 144-27-
59-61 and 72 of the City of Las Vegas and all other Ordinances and parts of ordinances in
conflict therewith," shall be and the same is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that
the same shall read as follows:

"Section 3, All of the area included in the incorporated limits of the City of Las
Vegas shall be within Fire Zone #3 except those portions which are included in Fire
Zone #1 and #2. Fire Zone #1 shall lie within the following described boundaries,
beginning at the intersection of South Main Street and Carson Avenue, as shown on the
Plat of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite; thence easterly along Carson Avenue to 7th Street;
thence northerly along 7th Street to a point 150 feet North, measured at right angles,
of the North right-of-way line of Fremont Ave; thence westerly along a line parallel to
and 150 feet North of the north right-of-way line of Fremont Avenue to 3rd Street;
thence northerly on 3rd Street to Ogden Avenue; thence westerly along Ogden Avenue
to Main Street: thence southerly along Main Street to the point of beginning. Fire
Zone #2 shall lie within the following described areas; along Main Street to a depth

of 150 feet each side of the right-of-way line from the North City limits to its
intersection with South 5th Street;; and along 5th Street to a depth of 150 feet each
side of the right-of-way line from the South City limits to the South 16th line of
Section 27; and along East Fremont Avenue to a depth of 150 feet each side of the
right-of-way line from the East City Limits to the alley between 7th and 8th Streets;
and from the alley between 7th and 8th Streets to the alley between 5th and 6th

Streets, between Ogden Avenue and a line 200 feet South and parallel to the South
right-of-way line of Carson Avenue; and from the alley between 4th and 5th Streets to
the alley between Main and First Streets, between Stewart and Clark Avenues, excepting

therefrom that portion contained in Fire Zone #1; and between Wilson Avenue and
Bonanza Road, from Main Street westerly to "H" Street; and all of blocks 24 and 25 in the
Huntridge Addition, and Lot 6, Block 6; Lot 7, Block 5, Lot 7, Block 11; Lot 6, Block 10;
all in the Valley View Addition of the City of Las Vegas; also Lot 6, Block 22; Lot 7,

Block 21; Lots 1 to 6 inclusive in Blocks 11 and 6; Lots 7 to 12 inclusive in Blocks 12
and 5; all in the H. F. M. & M. Addition to the City of Las Vegas".

Section 2. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby
repealed. But it is specifically provided that that neither the amendment hereby made to
said Ordinance nor any repeal hereby provided shall effect in any way any prosecution for
the violation of said Ordinance pending at the time of the going into effect of this
Ordinance.

Section 3.	This ordinance shall be in	effect	from and after its	passage,	adoption and

publication for two successive issues in the	Las	Vegas	Age_____________________ a weekly	newspaper

printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 4.	The City Clerk of the City	of	Las	Vegas	is hereby	authorized and directed

to	have this City	Ordinance published in the	Las	Vegas	Age a	weekly	newspaper

printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two
weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of two weeks.

E. W. Cragin____________

Mayor

ATTEST:

Scott Reed
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this
2nd day of September A.D. 1943. by the following vote:

Voting Aye; Commissioners Clark, Corradetti. Smith and his Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting No:	None

Absent:	Comm. Bates	.

Helen Scott Reed__________

City Clerk

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting held on the
2nd Day of September, 1943, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted upon, and
unanimously adopted and thereafter in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following
its first reading. And, it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time at a
regular meeting of the Board held on the 16th day of September, 1943.

Voting aye: Commissioners Clark, Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor.

Voting no, None,

Attest: Helen Scott Reed	Approved:	E. W. Cragin______

City Clerk	Mayor

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dorothy D. Brimacombe being duly sworn, deposes and says: That she is
General Manager of the LAS VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance No. 284 was published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Sept 10, 1943
to Sept. 17, 1843 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-
wit:	September 10, 17, 1943. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on

each of the dates above named. That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was

$40.00.	/s/ Dorothy D. Brimacombe________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th day of Sept. , 1945:

/s/ A. J. Schur

Notary Public for Clark County

My Commission Expires April 26, 1947__________
ORDINANCE 285

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND, REVISE, AND RE-ENACT SECTION 1 OF ORDINANCE NO. 166 OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, AS AMENDED, AND TO REPEAL ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 1 of Ordinance No. 166 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An
Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the erection, construction, enlargement,
alteration, repair, moving, removal, demolition, conversion, occupancy, equipment, use, height,
area, and maintenance of all buildings and/ or structures in the City of Las Vegas; providing
for the issuance of permits, and collection of fees therefor; providing penalties for the
violation thereof; declaring and establishing Fir Zones, repealing Ordinances Nos. 144-27-59-
6l-and 72 of the City of Las Vegas and all other Ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
therewith." shall be and the same is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that the
same shall read as follows:

"Section 1. That, a certain document, three (3) copies of which are on file in the office
of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated as "Uniform Build-
ing Code, 1943 Edition, published May 1, 1943, by Pacific Coast Building Officials' Conference",
be and the same is hereby adopted as the building code of the City of Las Vegas for the
regulation of the erection, construction, enlargement, alteration, repair, moving, removal,
demolition, conversion, occupancy, equipment, use, height, area and maintenance of all
buildings and/or structures in the City of Las Vegas; providing penalties for the violation
of such building code; declaring and establishing zones; and each and all the regulations;
provisions, penalties, conditions and terms of such "Uniform Building Code, 1943 Edition,
published May 1,1943, by Pacific Coast Building Officials' Conference", on file in the
office of the City Clerk are hereby referred to, adopted, and made a part hereof as if fully
set out in this Ordinance."

Section 2. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby

repealed. But it is specifically provided that neither the amendment hereby made to said
Ordinance nor any repeal hereby provided shall effect in any way any prosecution for the
violation of said Ordinance pending at the time of the going into effect of this Ordinance.

Section 3. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, adoption
and publication for two successive issues in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal a daily
newspaper printed and published	in	the	City	of	Las	Vegas.

Section 4. The City Clerk	of	the	City	of	Las	Vegas is, hereby authorized and	directed

to have this City Ordinance published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal a daily
newspaper printed and published	in	the	City	of	Las	Vegas,	Clark County, Nevada,	for	a

period of two weeks, that is to	say, once each	week for a	period of two weeks.

E. W. Cragin_____________

Mayor

ATTEST:

Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

The above and foregoing_ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted this 2nd day
of September A. D., 1943, by the following vote:	

Voting aye: Commissioners Clar. Coradetti, Smith and His Honor Mayor Cragin_________________

Voting no: None	Absent: Comm. Bates

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting held on



the 2nd day of September, 1943, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted upon ,
and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review, a daily
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive
weeks immediately following its first reading. And, it was thereafter read aloud to the
Board for a second time at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 16th day of September,
1943.

Voting aye: Commissioners Clark, Bates, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor.

Voting No, none.

Attest; Helen Scott Reed	approved:	E. W. Cragin______

City Clerk

Mayor

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)
COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie being first duly sworn, deposes and
says: That ha is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL,
a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of 2 times
From September 3, 1943 to September 10, 1943 inclusive, being the issues
of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

September 3 and 10, 1943

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and
sworn to before
me this 10th

day of Sept.,	/s/ A. E. Cahlan _________________

19 43 .	Notary Public

 	in & for

Clark County, Nevada.

My commission Expires
January 12, 1949.
ORDINANCE 286



AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND, REVISE, AND RE-ENACT SECTIONS 2, 4, 6 + 7 AND 9 OF ORDINANCE 264 OF THE

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE OF THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
ESTABLISHING A RESIDENCE DISTRICT, INDUSTRIAL AND COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS, WITHIN THE SAID
CITY OF LAS VEGAS: DEFINING SUCH DISTRICTS: DECLARING IT UNLAWFUL TO ERECT, ESTABLISH,

MAINTAIN OR OPERATE CERTAIN FACTORIES, WORKS OR ESTABLISHMENTS WITHIN SAID RESIDENCE
DISTRICTS AND SAID COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS: REGULATING THE ERECTION, ESTABLISHMENT, MAINTE-
NANCE, OPERATION AND REBUILDING OF CERTAIN WORKS OR ESTABLISHMENTS IN SAID DISTRICTS:
PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF SAID ORDINANCE AND REPEALING ORDINANCES IN CON-
FLICT HEREWITH," AND TO REPEAL ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, so ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 2 of Ordinance No. 264 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "Resi-
dence Zone No. 1" shall be and the same is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that
the same shall read as follows:

"Section 2. RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 1

(a)

All of this zone shall be restricted to single family residence of a minimum value of
Thirty-five Hundred Dollars ($3,500.00) and no house or building shall be moved into said
zone. All buildings must be set back from the street on which the lot faces, or front
street, at least twenty-five feet (25), and there shall not be more than one single family
dwelling on each fifty foot (50) lot, provided, that on seventy-five foot (75) corner lots,
and on lots upon which there is already erected one dwelling on the rear of said lot, one
additional single family dwelling may be erected subject to the above mentioned setback.

No tent house, shack or garage shall be erected, maintained or occupied as a dwelling in this
zone.

(b)

The zone shall consist of that portion of said City lying east of the alley between
Fifth Street and Sixth Street, west of the alley between Tenth Street and Eleventh Street,
north of Charleston Boulevard, and south of Lewis Street.

(c)

The zone shall further consist of that portion of said City designated as follows: that
strip of land 432.62 feet in width adjacent to the north line of Clark Avenue, and a strip
of land 378 feet in width adjacent to the South line of Clark Avenue as said Clark Avenue
extend through the Southwest Quarter (SW¼) of Section 28, and the Southeast Quarter (SE¼)
of Section 29, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M., County of Clark, provided
however, that the property covered in this subsection shall be restricted to one single
family residence of the value of Thirty-five Hundred Dollars ($3,500.00) to every one
hundred (100) feet of frontage along said Clark Avenue.

This zone shall further consist of that portion of said City designated as follows:

That strip of land one thousand feet (1000.00) in width centered on, adjacent to, and five
hundred feet (500) each side of the following described line, said line being the center
line of right of way for the Tonopah-Boulder Highway connection via Charleston Boulevard,
commencing at the North city limits at Highway Engineer's Station "A" 51 plus 95.00 P.O.T.
on the Las Vegas-Tonopah Highway (U.S. Highway No. 95) as described on Highway Plans of the
State Highway Department of Nevada, intersecting section line between Sections Twenty (20)
and Twenty-nine (29) Township Twenty (20) South. Range Sixty-one (61) East, .D.B.&M.; thence
South 36° 26' East for a distance of 4,629.98 feet P.T.; thence on a bearing of South 36°49'
30" East for a distance of 705,78 feet P.C.; thence on a curve with radius four thousand
(4,000') feet, Delta equals 37° 26' 60" right, length equals 2614.31 feet to P.T.; thence
on a bearing of South 0° 37' 20" West for a distance of 2537.80 feet to P.C.; thence on a
curve with radius 1470 feet, Delta equals 44° 57' 47" left, length equals 1153.59 feet P.C.
C.; thence continuing on a curve with radius equals 1569.79, Delta equals 45° 33' 03" left,
length equals 1248.00 feet to P.O.T. at intersection with Charleston Boulevard; thence on
Charleston Boulevard on a bearing South 89° 53' 50" East to a point being the South quarter
(S¼) corner of Section Thirty-three (33), Township Twenty (20) South, Range Sixty-one (61)
East, M. D. B. & M., County of Clark, said strip of land further including all of the North-
east quarter (NE¼) of the Southeast Quarter (SE¼) of the Southeast quarter (SE¼) of Section
Thirty-Two (32), and all of the South half (S¼) of the southwest quarter (SW¼) of Section
Thirty-Three (33), including all of that portion of the City of Las Vegas known as the
Woodland Park Addition as shown by map and plat in Book 1 of Plats, Page 117, in the
Recorder's Office, County of Clark.

The property covered in this subsection shall be restricted to one (1) single family
residence of a minimum value of Thirty-five Hundred ($3500.00) Dollars, such dwelling of a
permanent character placed in a permanent location and used by but one family.

No building or permanent structure shall be erected, permitted or maintained in or upon
the properties immediately adjoining the right of way herein described within a distance of
forty (40) feet from the exterior boundary of such right of way.

No advertising signs, signboards, or boards or other materials containing advertising
matter shall be placed upon or over or within the said right of way. No bill board, sign
board, or advertising device, other than one unlighted, single or doublefaced sign not
larger than twelve (12) square feet in area per face pertaining only to the sale, lease or
hire of the premises or of the sale of products produced on the premises shall be erected,
permitted or maintained in or upon the properties immediately adjoining the right of way
herein described within a distance of eighty (80) feet of said described line measured at
right angles to said line or so that no portion of said sign protrudes into or upon said
right of way."

Section 2. Section 4 of Ordinance No. 264 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "Resi-
dence Zone No. 3" shall be and the same is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that
the same shall read as follows:

"Section 4. RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 3

(a)

All of this zone shall be restricted to residences or dwellings of a minimum value of
Twenty-Five Hundred Dollars ($2500.00); courts and apartment houses, flats or duplexes to a
minimum value of Eight Hundred Dollars ($800.00) per room, but for the purposes of this zone
a bathroom shall not be considered a room; with no single building for residence purposes of
a less value than Twenty-five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00); and no house or building shall be
moved into said district that is of less value than Twenty-five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00)
when complete and the same must be completed within ninety (90) days from the time such
building is moved to such district and no building shall be occupied for living purposes
until the same is entirely completed. All buildings must be set back from the street upon
which the lot faces, or front street, at least twenty-five (25) feet and there shall be not
more than two (2) separate residences on each fifty (50) foot lot, excepting North Fourteenth
Street where said set-back shall be at least forty-five (45) feet along both sides of said
North Fourteenth Street, north of Maple Avenue, as recorded in the subdivision plat of the
Fourteenth Street City Addition. No tent house, shack or garage shall be erected, maintained
or occupied as a dwelling house except for a maximum period of one hundred and eighty (180)
days during the actual construction of a residence or dwelling on the same property, in
conformity with the City Ordinances.

(b)

The zone shall consist of that portion of the City of Las Vegas known as the Fourteenth
Street Addition as shown by map and plat on file in Book 1 of plats, page 82, in the Clark
County Recorder's office.

Section 3. Section 6 of Ordinance No. 264 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "Residence
Zone No. 5" shall be and the same is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that the same
shall read as follows:

"Section 6. RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 5.

(a)

All of the City of Las Vegas not included in the limits of Residence Zones No. 1,2,3,4,
excepting therefrom those sections classified as commercial districts and industrial districts

(b)

All buildings or lots fronting and abutting on Twelfth Street shall be set back at least
thirty-five (35) feet from said Twelfth Street as the same is platted and recorded in the
subdivision maps of the Pioneer Heights Addition, Ladd Addition and Fairview Tract.

Further, no building or permanent structure shall be erected, permitted or maintained,
in or upon the property immediately adjoining the southerly projection of the center line of
right of way for South Twelfth Street within a distance of seventy-five (75) feet of said
center line as the same is projected southerly to the South City Limits as the continuation
of Maryland Parkway as recorded in the subdivision map of Huntridge Tract #4, all of the
above being located adjacent to the section line between Section two (2) and Section three
(3) of Township twenty-one (21) South, Range Sixty-one (61) East, M.D.B.& M., Clark County.

Further, no buildings or permanent structure shall be erected, permitted, or maintained
in or upon the property immediately adjoining the northerly projection of the center line of
the right of way for North Fourteenth Street within a distance of Seventy-five (75) feet of
said center line as the same is projected northerly to the North City Limits as a continu-
ation of North Fourteenth Street as recorded in the subdivision map of the Fourteenth City
Addition."

Section 4. Section 7 of Ordinance No. 264 of the City of Las Vegas, shall be and the
same is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that the same shall read as follows:

"Section 7.

That the commercial districts are hereby created and established within the said City
as described as follows:

All frontage on Fremont Street from Main Street to the east City limits of a depth not
exceeding 150 feet; all frontage on Fifth Street from the south City Limits to the north
property line of Stewart Street to a depth not exceeding 150 feet; all frontage on the east
side of Fifth Street from the north property line of Stewart Street to the north City Limits
to a depth not exceeding 150 feet; all lots fronting on First Street from Bridger Street
to Stewart Street; all lots fronting on Third Street from Stewart Street to Bridger Street;
all lots fronting on Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Streets from
Stewart Street to Carson Street; all lots fronting on the south side of Stewart Street from
Fifth Street to Twelfth Street;	all	lots fronting	on the north side of Carson	Street from

Fifth Street to Twelfth Street;	all	lots fronting	on Ogden Street from Fifth	Street to

Twelfth Street; all lots on Clark Avenue and Wilson Avenue in the original Townsite; all
frontage on the east side of Main Street from Carson Street to Stewart Street to a depth not
exceeding 150 feet.

No buildings or permanent structure shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or
upon the property immediately adjoining the right of way of Twelfth Street, between the
northerly side of Carson Street	and	the southerly	side of Stewart Street, as	the same is

platted in the recorded subdivision map of Ladd Addition and Fairview Tract,	within a

distance of ten (10) feet from the exterior boundary of said Twelfth Street, or as the same
exists within the commercial zone, as described in this section."

Section 5. Section 9 of Ordinance No. 264, of the City of Las Vegas, shall be and the
same is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that the same shall read as follows:

"Section 9. The owner of any property located within any zone established by this
ordinance may file with the City Planning Commission a petition in writing to have such
property excepted from some particular restriction or restrictions applicable to the zone
in which such property is located.

All such petitions shall be made on forms which shall be furnished by said Commission
and shall be verified by such owner and shall state fully the grounds of such petition and
all facts relied upon by such petitioner, and such other facts or information as may be
required by said Commission.

The Commission shall cause to be made an investigation of the matters involved in the
petition for an exception, and if the Commission finds, after due investigation and con-
sideration of the allegations in the petition and any other competent evidence involving
the property in question and the other property in the vicinity thereof, that the facts
are such as to entitle the petitioner to an exception, the Commission shall grant the
petition excepting such property from any particular restriction or restrictions and permit
the erection, alteration, reconstruction or enlargement of any building or structure thereon
upon such terms and conditions as it deems proper.

If said Commission after such investigation and consideration disapproves such petition,
said Commission shall cause to be mailed to such petitioner a post card notice of such
disapproval and any disapproval by said Commission shall be final unless the petitioner,
within thirty (30) days after date of the mailing of such post card notice, appeals to
said governing body by filing with the clerk of said governing body a written notice of
such appeal.

If upon receiving such notice of appeal the governing body deems it necessary or ex-
pedient so to do, it may set the matter for hearing upon such notice to interested parties
as it may deem proper. The governing body may except such property from any particular
restriction or restrictions and permit the erection, alteration, reconstruction or enlarge-
ment of any building or structure thereon upon such terms and conditions as it deems proper
under the particular circumstances shown to exist, if it finds that the facts are such as to
entitle the petitioner to such an exception.

(b)

The decision of the governing body upon an appeal from a disapproval of such a petition
is final and conclusive as to all things involved in such petition.

All acts of the Planning Commission or Governing Body under the provisions of this
section, shall be construed as administrative acts performed for the purpose of assuring
that the intent and purpose of this ordinance shall apply in special cases and shall not be
construed as amendments to the provisions of this ordinance.

(c)

If all of the following are found to exist a petitioner is entitled to an exception:

(1)	that the exception is necessary for the preservation of a
substantial property right of the petitioner.

(2)	That such exception will not be materially detrimental to
the public welfare nor to the property of other persons
located in the vicinity thereof.

(3)	That there are practical difficulties or unnecessary hard-
ships in the way of carrying out the strict letter of the
ordinance, and in the granting of such exception the spirit
of the ordinance will be observed, public safety secured,
and substantial justice done.

(d)

The applicant for an exception at the time of filing his petition therefor, shall pay
to the City Planning Commission a fee of Twenty-five Dollars (§25.00) to partially cover
the incidental expenses connected with the investigation of the facts involved in such
petition."

Section 6. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby
repealed. But it is specifically provided that neither the amendment hereby made to said
Ordinance nor any repeal hereby provided shall effect in any way any prosecution for the
violation of said Ordinance pending at the time of the going into effect of this Ordinance.

Section 7. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, adoption,

and publication for two successive issues in the _____Las Vegas Age____________ a

weekly________ newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas,



Section 8. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed
to have this City Ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age a weekly newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two
weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of two weeks.

E. W. Cragin_________

Mayor

ATTEST:

Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this
19th_____ day of October , A. D. 1943, by the following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith, Mayor Cragin

Voting no:	None______6__________________________________________

Absent:	Comm. Clark	__________________________

_____Helen Scott Reed______

City Clerk
This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting held on the
19th day of October , 1943 at which time it was proposed, considered and voted
upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Age a weekly
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two con-
secutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And, it was thereafter read aloud
to the Board for a second time at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 2nd day of

November, 1943.

Voting aye: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith, Mayor Cragin.

Voting No: None________

APPROVED:

E. W. Cragin________

Mayor

ATTEST:

Helen Sco
City

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss.
COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dorothy D. Brimacombe being duly sworn , deposes and
says that she is general manager of the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 286
was published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Oct. 22,

1943 to Oct. 29. 1943 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: Oct. 22, 29, 1943. That said newspaper was re-
gularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the
legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $148.50.

/s/ Dorothy D. Brimacombe_______

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of November 1943.

                              /s/ C. D. Breeze 

	Notary Public in and for Clark, County

Nevada.

My commission expires June 9, 1947 .

Each slot machine, except penny slot machines, shall pay a license fee of $20.00 per
quarter, payable quarterly in advance for each handle on said slot machine. The license for
penny slot machines shall be $50.00 per quarter for each handle bn said penny slot machine.

The game of Keno, Bingo, Tango or Bank Keno shall be licensed at the rate of $30.00
per quarter, payable quarterly in advance and in addition thereto shall pay a license fee or
charge of $1.50 per quarter per chair for each chair used in the conduct of said game.

Race Horse Keno shall be licensed at the rate of $250.00 per quarter, payable quarterly
in advance.

The licenses above mentioned shall entitle the holder or holders or his or their
employees or employee, to carry on, conduct and operate the specific slot machine game or
device for which said license is issued in the particular room and premises described therein,
but not for any other slot machine, game or device in any other place than the room and
premises so described, for a period of one quarter of a year next succeeding the date of
issuance of said license; provided that no license shall be granted for any portion of any
quarter for a less amount than the full quarterly license; and the end of said quarter
shall be the last days of March, June, September and December of each year; provided further
that the licensee shall be entitled to carry on, conduct and operate two or more slot
machines, games or devices mentioned in Section 1 of Ordinance No. 165 in the same room, by
paying the license fee herein provided for, for each slot machine, game or device and other-
wise complying with the terms of this section. Each license shall specify upon the face
thereof the name of the licensee, and a particular description of the particular room or
premises in which the licensee intends to carry on, conduct or operate any one slot machine,
game or device mentioned in Section 1 of Ordinance No. 165 and shall specify the particular
type of slot machine, or the particular device, by name; any license issued under the pro-
visions of the ordinance shall not be transferable by the licensee to any other person firm,
association or corporation and shall be valid only for the particular room and premises
described therein and the specified slot machine, game or device for which it is issued. No

license money paid under this ordinance shall be refunded whether the slot machine, game or
device for which any license was issued has voluntarily ceased or has been revoked under the
provisions of this ordinance herein provided, or for any other reason. The license fees
herein provided shall be in addition to those collected by the Sheriff of Clerk County or
any other authorized authority.

Section 2. This ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as an emergency
EMERGENCY
ORDINANCE 287

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 8, AS AMENDED, OF ORDINANCE #165 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
ENTITLED "AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT GAMING AND OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A LICENSE THEREFOR, REPEALING ORDINANCES NOS. 77, 82,

88, 103, and 115, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 8 of Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended
to read as follows:

Stud poker and draw poker, for money, shall be licensed at the rate of $50.00 per
quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

Panginue, for money, shall be licensed at the rate of $30.00 per quarter, payable
quarterly in advance.

Bridge, whist and solo, for money, shall be licensed at the rate of $15.00 per quarter,
payable quarterly in advance.

Roulette, "21", Hazard, Craps, Faro Bank, Wheels of Fortune, Big Six Wheels and Race
Horse Books shall pay a license fee of $100.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance.
ordinance and shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 3. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once
each week for a period of two weeks.

E. W. Cragin______

Mayor

Attest: Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud for the first time and
voted upon at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners on the 7th day
of December, 1943.

Voting Aye; Commissioners Bates, Clark Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin
Voting no: None
Absent: None

The above ordinance was read the second time and passed by unanimous consent as an
emergency Ordinance on the 7th day of December, 1943.

Voting aye: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin
Voting no: None	

Absent: None

E. W. Cragin
Mayor

Attest: Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
COUNTY OF CLARK )	

Dick Lochrie being first duly sworn, deposes and
says:	That he is Foreman of the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal,

daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
two times from December 8, 1943 to December 15, 1943 inclusive, being
the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

December 8 and 15, 1943

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie___________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th day of December, 1943.

/s/ A. E. Cahlan______________

Notary Public for Clark County
Nevada

My commission expires January 13. 1947.

4.	For a tavern liquor license the sum of $375.00 per quarter.

5. For a club liquor license, the sum of $25.00 per quarter.

6. For a restaurant beverage license, the sum of $180.00 per quarter.

7.	For a cabaret license, selling beverages only, the sum of $125.00 per quarter.

8.	For a cabaret liquor license, the sum of $300.00 per quarter.

9.	For a retail liquor establishment to be maintained only in the zone designated in
Section 4 of Ordinance No. 203 as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No. 246, or a drug store,
for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in the original containers, as received from the
distiller or wholesaler, not to be consumed on the premises, in quantities not exceeding four
and nine-tenths (4.9) gallons to the same person and for the same person's use at any one time,

in Quantities not less than one pint or sixteen fluid ounces to the same person and for
the same person's use at any one time, the sum of $200.00 per quarter. Nor shall any liquors
except as above authorized, be sold, offered for sale, displayed or carried in stock; provided,
however that under this license, and without additional payment therefor, the licensee shall
be permitted to serve alcoholic beverages containing not more than five and one-half per cent
(5½) of alcohol by weight, to be consumed upon the premises.

10.	For a retail liquor establishment to be maintained only in the zone designated in
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE 288

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 16, AS AMENDED, OF ORDINANCE NO. 203 OF THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS,
ENTITLED:	"AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE DISTRIBUTION AND CONTROL OF INTOXICATING AND ALCO-

HOLIC LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES: REGULATING PLACES WHERE AND UNDER WHAT CONDITIONS SAID INTOXI-
CATING AND ALCOHOLIC LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES MAY BE KEPT, SOLD, AND GIVEN AWAY OR OTHERWISE
DISTRIBUTED, PROVIDING FOR PERMITS AND LICENSES: PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF
THIS ORDINANCE: AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH",
AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT WITH THIS ORDINANCE.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 16 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas (as amended) is
hereby amended to read as follows:

The rates for licenses provided for in this Ordinance shall be, and the same are fixed and
established, and the same shall be paid in advance by all persons receiving such licenses
respectively, as follows:

1.	For a wholesale liquor license, which shall include the right to wholesale alcoholic
liquors and beverages of all kinds, the sum of $75.00 per quarter.

2.	For an importer's license the sum of $75.00 per quarter. An importer's license shall
authorize the holder thereof to be the first person in possession of wines, beers or other
alcoholic liquors within the City of Las Vegas after completion of the act of the importation
of such wines, beers or other alcoholic liquors from without the state and which have been
brewed, fermented or produced outside of the State it shall not authorize the sale of any
type of wines, beers, or other alcoholic liquors.

3.	For a wholesale beverage license the sum of $50.00 per quarter.
Section 4 of Ordinance No. 203, as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No. 246, or a drug store
for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in the original containers, as received from the
distiller or wholesaler, not to be consumed on the premises, in quantities not exceeding
four and nine-tenths (4.9) gallons to the same person and for the same person's use at any
one time, the sum of $270.00 per quarter; provided, however, that under this license, and
without additional payment therefor, the licensee shall be permitted to serve alcoholic
beverages containing not more than five and one-half per cent (5½) of alcohol by weight, to
be consumed upon the premises.

11.	For a retail beverage license for the sale of beverages containing not more than
five and one-half per cent (5½) of alcohol by weight the sum of $50.00 per quarter.

12. For a cocktail room or a room adjacent to or in close proximity to a tavern, where
alcoholic liquors containing more than five and one-half per cent (5½) of alcohol by weight,
are served to the general public from such tavern and where music or other entertainment is
furnished for the pleasure of its guests, the sum of $50.00 per quarter. In order to make
such sales the licensee must first secure the appropriate license or licenses applicable to the
class or classes of business in which he is engaged.

Section 3. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions of
this ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 4. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of two
weeks.

E. W. Cragin
Mayor

Attest: Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud for the first time and voted upon
at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners on the 7th day of December
1943.

 Voting aye: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin.
Voting no: None	

The above ordinance was read the second time and passed by unanimous consent as an emergency
ordinance on the 7th day of December, 1943.

Voting aye: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin.

Voting no: None
Absent: None

Approved E. W. Cragin
Mayor

Attest: Helen Scott Reed

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

)ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK)		

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:
That he is foreman of the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper
, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two times from December 8, 1943
to December 15, 1943 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates to-wit:

December 8 and 15, 1943

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie____________________

Subscribed and sworn
to before me this day
of December 15th, 1943

/s/ A. E. Cahlan_____________

Notary Public

in and for Clark County, Nev.

My Commission expires
January 12, 1947.
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE 289

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 5, OF ORDINANCE NO. 210 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED
"AN ORDINANCE TO FIX, IMPOSE AND PROVIDE FOR THE COLLECTION OF A LICENSE TAX ON MOTOR PRO-
PELLED VEHICLES OPERATED FOR HIRE, AND TO REGULATE THE OPERATION AND RUNNING OF THE SAME,
WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS: FIXING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS
OF THIS ORDINANCE: AND REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 100 AND ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES
IN CONFLICT HEREWITH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 5 of Ordinance No. 210 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended to
read as follows:

CITY CLERK TO ISSUE LICENSES - Upon the Board of City Commissioners granting the license
as hereinbefore provided, the City Clerk shall issue the same, upon the payment, in advance
of a license tax, as follows:

For each vehicle capable of seating not more than seven (7) passengers, the sum of Ten ($10)
Dollars per quarter.

Section 2. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each
week for a period of two weeks.

E. W. Cragin
Mayor

Attest: Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk
The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud for the first time and voted upon
at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners on the 7th day of December,
1943.

Voting aye: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin

Voting no: None

Absent: None

The above ordinance was read the second time and passed by unanimous consent as an emergency
ordinance on the 7th day of December, 1943.

Voting aye: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin

Voting no: None

Absent: None

Approved: E. W. Cragin
Mayor

Attest: Helen Scott Reed

Affidavit of PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

)SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and
says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a
daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two times
from December 8, 1943 to December 15. 1945 inclusive: being the issues
of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

December 8 and 15, 1945

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie_______________

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 15th day of December , 1945.

/s/ A. E. Cahlan_______________

Notary public

My Commission Expires
January 12, 1947.________

Section 2. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada for a period of two weeks, that is to say,
once each week for a period of two weeks.

/S/ E. W. Cragin____________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this
7th day of February, A. D. 1944, by the following vote:

Voting aye; Commissioners: Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith, and His Honor, Mayor Cragin.

Voting no; None.

Absent; None.

/S/ E. W. Cragin___________________

Mayor

Attest:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed___________

City Clerk

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting held
on the 7th day of February, 1944, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted upon,
and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review, a daily
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecu-
tive weeks immediately following its first reading. And, it was thereafter read aloud to
the Board for a second time at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 21st day of
February , 1944.
ORDINANCE NUMBER 290

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 11 OF ORDINANCE NUMBER 250 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED
"AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE SALE OF MILK, CREAM AND OTHER DAIRY PRODUCTS IN THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS: DEFINING STANDARD FOR MILK AND CREAM: PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS FUR
THE SALE OF MILK AND CREAM AND THE REVOCATION OF SUCH PERMITS: PROVIDING FOR THE CREATION
OF A MILK ORDINANCE COMMITTEE: PROVIDING FOR THE APPOINTMENT OF A DAIRY AND MILK INSPECTOR:
AUTHORIZING THE CITY COMMISSIONERS TO PROMULGATE RULES AND REGULATIONS FOR THE ENFORCEMENT
OF THIS ORDINANCE: PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE: REPEALING
ORDINANCE NUMBER 200 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED 'AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE SALE
OF MILK, CREAM, AND OTHER DAIRY PRODUCTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS: DEFINING STANDARD FOR
MILK AND CREAM: PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS FOR THE SALE OF MILK AND CREAM, AND
THE REVOCATION OF SUCH PERMITS: AUTHORIZING THE CITY COMMISSIONERS TO PROMULGATE RULES AND
REGULATIONS FOR THE ENFORCEMENT OF THIS ORDINANCE: PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION
THEREOF: AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH:' AND
REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT WITH THIS ORDINANCE.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 11 of Ordinance Number 250 is hereby amended to read as follows:

All expenses for examination and treatment of livestock shall be paid by the owners
or operators of the dairy herds of cows being responsible except such as that given during
regular routine inspection.
Voting aye: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and Mayor pro tem Smith
Voting no: None
Absent; Mayor Cragin

APPROVED:

/s/ A. F. Smith, Sr._______

Mayor pro tem

Attest:

/S/ Helen Scott Reed________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he has foreman of
the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was
continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two times from February 8, 1944 to
February 15, 1944 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-
wit: February 8 and 15, 1944.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above

named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th
day of February, 1944

A.	E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires
January 12, 1947
(SEAL)

-----oOo-----

ORDINANCE NUMBER 291

AN ORDINANCE TO PROVIDE FOR CONSTRUCTION OF NEW SIDEWALKS, REPAIR OF SIDEWALKS IN DISREPAIR,
ASSESSMENT AGAINST PROPERTY OWNERS FAILING TO INSTALL NEW SIDEWALKS, OR REPAIR SIDEWALKS
IN DISREPAIR, AND PROVIDE FOR FILING AND RECORDING OF BEN AGAINST REAL PROPERTY AND FORE-
CLOSURE OF THE SAME FOR EXPENDITURES IN REPAIR, OR CONSTRUCTION OF SIDEWALK WHEN THE SAME
IS PERFORMED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1: When any portion of sidewalk within the City Limits of the City of Las
Vegas shall be found in need or repair, the City Manager shall at once report the nec-
essity for repair to the property owner whose property the sidewalk abuts or adjoins.

Section 2: Wherever sidewalks have not been installed in the City of Las Vegas at
locations where such sidewalks are considered to be necessary for the public benefit, the
City Manager shall at once report to the property owner whose property abuts or adjoins
said locations the necessity for installing sidewalk thereon.

Section 3: Whenever repairs to sidewalks, or new sidewalks are found to be necessary,
and such necessity is reported to the property owner by the City Manager, and such pro-
perty owner, within a period of thirty (30) days after such notice, refuses or fails to
make such repairs or installations, it shall be the duty of the City Manager to report
such refusal or failure on the part of the property owner to the Board of Commissioners.

If the Board of Commissioners then decide that repairs to old, or installations of new,
sidewalks shall be made by the City of Las Vegas, and the expense thereof charged against
said abutting or adjoining property, the City Engineer shall be instructed to proceed
with such work. When the expense of such work performed by the City of Las Vegas shall
have been determined, the Board of Commissioners shall at once file a lien against the
property abutting or adjoining upon the said sidewalk. Said lien shall be levied by the
City Treasurer who shall give notice thereof and at once proceed to collect the same in
like manner as other liens are collected, except that notice of such lien shall specify
that it is to cover the expense of repairs on a certain sidewalk, or the cost of install-
ation of a new sidewalk abutting or adjoining certain real property, and that the expen-
diture is both due and delinquent, and shall fix a time not more than thirty (30) days
from the date thereof when said lien shall be enforced as other liens are enforced by
laws.

Section 4: All sidewalks shall be constructed in accordance with the plans and
specifications of the City Engineer's Office, which work shall be inspected and approved
by the City Engineer.

Section 5: It shall be unlawful for any person, partnership or corporation, either as
owner, agent, servant, contractor, or employee to construct any sidewalk in the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, unless such sidewalk be constructed to line and grades as given and
established by the City Engineer, unless special permission to deviate from such line and
grades is first obtained from the Board of Commissioners.

Section 6: It shall be unlawful for any person, partnership or corporation, either
as owner, agent, servant, contractor, or employee to construct any permanent sidewalk in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, without having first obtained from the City Engineer a
permit to do so.

Section 7: If the aforementioned repairs or installations are undertaken by the City
of Las Vegas, the property owner shall be charged the actual cost of such work plus ten per
cent (10%).

Section 8: The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to day
once each week for a period of two weeks.

____Signed: E. W. Cragin, Mayor

ATTEST:

Signed: Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this
22nd day of May___________, 1944, by the following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners-Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Cragin

Voting No : Commissioner -None

Absent	: None

Signed: E. W. Cragin, Mayor______

ATTEST:

Signed: Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting of
the Board held on the 22nd day of May, 1944, at which time it was proposed, considered and
voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening
Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once
a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And, it was
thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time at a regular meeting of the Board
held on the 7th day of June , 1944.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor, Mayor Cragin______________

Voting No : None_____________________________________________________________________________

Absent : Smith

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed	/s/ E. W. Cragin______________

City Clerk	Mayor

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie_______, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foremen___________

of the LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of 2 times from May 27, 1944
to June 3, 1944 . That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named.

Signed:	Dick Lochrie_____________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd
day of _______June_________, 1944.

(SEAL) /a/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark

County, Nevada

My Commission Expires
January 12, 1947
ORDINANCE NUMBER 292

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE PROTECTION OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH, AND THE EXAMINATION,
REGISTRATION, LICENSING AND BONDING OF PERSONS ENGAGED IN THE BUSINESS OF PLUMBING, OR
LABORING AT THE TRADE OF PLUMBING; REQUIRING A PERMIT FOR THE INSTALLATION OR ALTER-
ATION OF PLUMBING AND DRAINAGE SYSTEMS; CREATING THE OFFICE OF PLUMBING INSPECTOR AND A
BOARD OF PLUMBER EXAMINERS, AND PRESCRIBING THEIR DUTIES; DEFINING CERTAIN TERMS, EST-
ABLISHING MINIMUM REGULATIONS FOR THE INSTALLATION, ALTERATION OR REPAIR OF PLUMBING AND
DRAINAGE SYSTEM AND THE INSPECTION THEREOF: PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION AND RE-
PEALING CONFLICTING ORDINANCES.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows;

Section 1 : That a certain document, three (3) copies of which are on file in the
office of the City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designed as
Standard Plumbing Code, published by Western Plumbing and Heating Journal, be and the
same is hereby referred to and adopted as the Plumbing Code of the City of Las Vegas,
and by said reference and adoption, made a part of this Ordinance, the same as if it
were fully set forth herein.

Section 2 : A 11 ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are
hereby repealed, but it is specifically provided that neither this ordinance or any re-
peal hereby provided shall in any way effect in any way any prosecution for the viola-
tion of any ordinance heretofore passed, pending at the time of the adoption of this
ordinance.

Section 3 : This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, adoption
and publication for two successive issues in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily
newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 4 : The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed
to have this City Ordinance published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily
newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a per-
iod of two weeks, and that is to say, once each week for a period of two weeks.

/s/ E. W. Cragin, Mayor________

ATTEST;

/s/ Helen Scott Reed________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted this
22nd day of June_________A.D., 1944, by the following vote;

Voting Aye; Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and Mayor Cragin______________________________

Voting No : None__________________________________________________________________________

Absent : Commissioners Clark and Smith____________________________________________________

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting held
on the 22nd of June, 1944, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted upon,
and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the City of Las Vegas, Las Vegas
Evening, Review, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las vegas, for a period of
once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading, And, it
was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time at a regular meeting of the Board
held on the 7th day of July , 1944.

Voting Aye :	Commissioners Bates, Clark and Mayor pro tem Smith._______________________

Voting No : None__________________________________________________________________________

Absent	: Commissioner Corradetti and Mayor Cragin.___________________________________

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed	/s/ E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

--00O00—

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is
foreman of the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation
printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two times, from
June 23rd, 1944 to June 30th, 1944 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit:

June 23 and 30, 1944

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie______________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14th
day of December 1944.

/s/ A. E. Cahlan_____________

My commission expires	Notary Public

January 12, 1947
ORDINANCE NUMBER 295

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 16, AS AMENDED, OF ORDINANCE NO. 203 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
ENTITLED:	"AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE DISTRIBUTION AND CONTROL OF INTOXICATING AND ALCO-

HOLIC LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES: REGULATING PLACES WHERE AND UNDER WHAT CONDITIONS SAID INTOX-
ICATING AND ALCOHOLIC LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES MAY BE KEPT, SOLD, AND GIVEN AWAY OR OTHERWISE
DISTRIBUTED, PROVIDING FOR PERMITS AND LICENSES; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF
THIS ORDINANCE; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH,
AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT WITH THIS ORDINANCE."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 16 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas (as amended) is hereby
amended to read as follows:

The rates for licenses provided for in this Ordinance shall be, and the same are fixed and
established, and the same shall be paid in advance by all persons receiving such license
respectively, as follows:

1.	For a wholesale liquor license, which shall include the right to wholesale alco-
holic liquors and beverages of all kinds, the sum of $75.00 per quarter.

2.	For an importer's license the sum of $75.00 per quarter. An importer's license
shall authorize the holder thereof to be the first person in possession wines, beers or
other alcoholic liquors within the City of Las Vegas after completion of the act of the
importation of such wines, beers or other alcoholic liquors from without the state and which
have been brewed, fermented or produced outside of the State it shall not authorize the sale
of any type of wines, beers, or other alcoholic liquors.

3.	For a wholesale beverage license the sum of $50.00 per quarter.

	

4.	For a tavern liquor license the sum of §375.00 per quarter.

5.	For a club liquor license, the sum of $25.00 per quarter.



6. For a restaurant beverage, the sum of $50.00 per quarter.

7. For a cabaret license, selling beverages only, the sum of $125.00 per quarter.

8.	For	a	cabaret liquor license, the	sum of $300.00 per quarter.

9.	For	a	retail liquor establishment	to	be maintained only in the	zone	designated	in

Section 4 of Ordinance No. 203 as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance 246, or a drug store,
for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in the original containers, as received from the
distiller or wholesaler, not to be consumed on the premises, in quantities not exceeding
four and nine-tenths (4.9) gallons to the same person and for the same person's use at any
one time, and in quantities of not less than one pint or sixteen fluid ounces to the same
person and for the same person's use at any one time, the sum of $200.00 per quarter. Nor
shall any liquors, except as above authorized, be sold, offered for sale, displayed or car-
ried in stock; provided, however, that under this license, and without additional payment
therefor, the license shall be permitted to serve alcoholic beverages containing not more
than five and one-half (5½%) of alcohol by weight, to be consumed upon the premises.

10.	For	a	retail liquor establishment	to	be maintained only in the	zone	designated	in

Section	4 of	Ordinance No. 203, as amended	by	Section 1 of Ordinance No. 246, or a drug

store for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in the original containers, as received
from the distiller or wholesaler, not to be consumed on the premises, in quantities not ex-
ceeding four and nine-tenths (4.9) gallons to the same person and for the same person's use
at any one time, the sum of $270.00 per quarter; provided, however, that under this license
and without additional payment therefor, the license shall be permitted to serve alcoholic
beverages containing not more than five and one-half (5½%) percent of alcohol by weight, to
be consumed upon the premises.

11.	For a retail beverage license for the sale of beverages containing not more than
five and one-half (5½%) per cent of alcohol by weight the sum of $50.00 per quarter.



12. For a cocktail room or a room adjacent to or in close proximity to a tavern, where
alcoholic liquors containing more than five and on-half percent (5½%) of alcohol by weight,
are served to the general public from such tavern and where music or other entertainment is
furnished for the pleasure of its guests, the sum of $50.00 per quarter. In order to make
such sales the licensee must first secure the appropriate license or licenses applicable to
the class or classes of business in which he is engaged.

Section 3. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions of
this ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 4. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in

Las Vegas Evening Review Journal

for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of two weeks.

/s/ E. W. Cragin, Mayor__________

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud for the first time, and voted up-
on at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners on the 11th day of
December, 1944.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith, and His Honor, Mayor Cragin._____________

Voting No: None_____________________________________________________________________________

Absent : Commissioner Clark_________________________________________________________________

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed_______ __________ /s/ E. W. Cragin	______

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and
says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal,
a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
as Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of 2 times
from December 13, 1944 to December 20, 1944 inclusive, being the issues of
said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

December 13, and 20 , 1944

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before		

me this 20th day of December, 1944.

/s/ A. E. Cahlan________

	Notary Public 

My Commission Expires
January 12, 1947

Section 2. That the cost and expense of making such improvements as described in
Section 1 of this ordinance shall be paid by special assessment to be made according to
frontage upon the taxable lots and premises situate in the public assessment district here-
by created, composed of the following lands, to wit:

Lots 32,31, 29, 38, 27, 26, 25, 24, 23, 22, 21, 20, 19, 18, 17, Block 34 of Wardie
Addition to Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown in Book 1 of Plats at pate 13.

Lot 11, Block 21 of Resubdivision of Block 13 and portions of Blocks 21 and 22, Wardie
Addition to Las Vegas, as shown in Book 1 of Plats, Page 116.

Lots 32, 31, 30, 29, 28, 27, 26, 25, 24, 23, 22, 21, 20, 19, 18, 17, Block 15 of Wardie
Addition to Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown in Book 1 of Plats, at Page 13,

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, Block 20 of Wardie Addi-
tion to Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown in Book 1 of Plats at Page 13.

Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, Block 21 of Wardie Addition to Las Vegas, Nevada,
as shown in Book 1 of Plats at Page 13.

Lots 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 19, 19, 20, 21. 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32,
Block 14 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite as shown in Book 1, Page 37 of Plats.

Lots 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22 and 23, Block 31 of Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite as shown in Book 1, Page 37 of Plats,

except where by Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required to
be paid from the General fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas shall hereafter, by
ordinance, be empowered and authorized and directed to prepare a special assessment roll
which shall include the lots and premises and owners, as provided for in the City Charter of
The City of Las Vegas. After said special assessment roll as herein provided for, shall
have been prepared and submitted, it shall be reported to the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas and thereafter, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk and
numbered, and notice thereof shall be given to all persons interested, of the time when said
Board of City Commissioners and ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review the assess-
ment, at which time the said Board of City Commissioners shall hear any and all suggestions
and objections that may be filed against said assessment, and shall at that, or some ad-
journed meeting, correct the same or confirm it as reported or corrected, or they may re-
fer it back to the ex-officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it and direct as new
agreement, and proceed as in the City Charter directed, until the same shall be confirmed by
the Board of City Commissioners; when said assessment roll has been confirmed by the Board
of City Commissioners, the City Clerk shall make an endorsement upon the said assessment
roll showing the date of confirmation as provided in the Charter and shall thereupon deliver
said roll, as confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners with his certificate of such
ORDINANCE NUMBER 294.

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS TO MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND SURFACING
WITH ASPHALTIC CONCRETE SURFACE CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN SAID CITY;
DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS PROVIDING THAT THE COST AND EXPENSE
THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDING THE SPECIAL
ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO FRONTAGE, EXCEPT WERE, BY THE CHARTER
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CERTAIN PORTIONS THEREOF ARB REQUIRED TO BE PAID FROM THE GENERAL
FUND OF SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follow:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has determined to make
the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas; said improvements to be made in accor-
dance with plats, diagrams, and estimates of cost on file in the office of the City Clerk of
the City of Las Vegas:

To grade for and surface with two-inch (2") asphaltic concrete surfacing material, the
following streets, portions of streets and alleys in the City of Las Vegas, as follows:

The twenty-foot (20') alley extending in an easterly-westerly direction between Third
and Fourth Streets, Block 31 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and extending easterly and west-
erly distances of fifteen (15') to the curb lines in Fourth and Third Streets respectively.

The twenty-foot (20') alley extending northerly from Carson Street in Block 14 of
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite a distance of two hundred and fifty feet (250') and extending
southerly therefrom to the curb line of Carson Street.

That portion of Ninth Street as shown on plat of Wardie Addition to the City of
Las Vegas indicated between the line of curb as now established and extending from the north-
erly boundary line of Gass Street to the southerly boundary line of Bonneville Street, and
at the intersection of Ninth and Carces Street east and west respectively to the east and
west boundary line of Ninth Street.
confirmation and of the date thereof, to the County Assessor, acting ex-officio City Ass-
essor, and said ex-officio City Assessor shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record
the said assessment roll as in the Charter provided, and append thereto his certificate of the
date of such recording. Whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice
of the contents of the same and when said roll is so endorsed and recorded, it shall be
prima facia evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings prelim-
inary to the making thereof, and of the validity of said assessments and assessment roll, by
the Board of City Commissioners/ after the said special assessment roll has been confirmed
and recorded, the several amounts levied thereon, shall be due and payable and shall consti-
tute and be a lien upon the respective lots and parcels of land and improvement assessed, and
shall be charged against the persons and properties until paid.

Section 4. That as soon as the said special assessment roll, as provided for in
Section 3 of this ordinance, shall have been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts con-
tained therein and levied on and against the properties therein, shall be due and payable at
once, and shall be paid to the County Treasurer and ex-officio Tax Receiver of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, ex-officio Treasurer and Tax Receiver of the City of Las Vegas, and be
by that officer paid into and credited to the special fund to be known as and called "Las
Vegas 1945 Ninth Street; Third and Fourth Street Alley; Carson-Fremont Alley Fund ", and
all costs and expenses incurred in making said improvements, as in this ordinance contained,
shall be charged and paid out of said fund. Provided, however, that in the event it becomes
necessary to draw on the general fund of the City of Las Vegas to defray any of the costs
and expenses of making any of said improvements, except as otherwise provided for by the Char-
ter of the City of Las Vegas, that the said General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of
funds from said "Las Vegas, 1945, Ninth Street; Third and Fourth Street Alley; Carson-Fremont
Alley Fund"	as	soon	as the condition	of the same will permit. And provided further, that

where there	shall be lands belonging	to the City, public grounds not taxable	abutting on

such improvements, or such improvements shall be made upon interior squares or spaces, formed
by the intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys, such part of the expense of such
improvements, as in the opinion of the Board or Assessor making such special assessments,
would be justly apportionable to such public ground, and City property, and to any interior
squares or spaces formed by the intersection of streets where the abutting property is tax-
able, shall	be	paid	from the General	Fund, or be stood and borne by the City	of Las Vegas,	and

the balance	of	such	expense shall be	assessed upon the taxable lots included	in such special

assessment district in proportion to the estimated benefits resulting thereto from the im-
provement.

Section 5. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption
and publication for a period of two (2) weeks, that is to say, once each week in the

Las Vegas Morning Tribune_______________, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las

Vegas.

Section 6. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 294________published for

two (2) weeks, that is to say once each week for two (2) successive weeks in the Las Vegas
Morning Tribune________________, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Passed and adopted this 7th day of February_____________, A.D., 194 5	, by the follow-

ing vote of the Board of City Commissioners:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor. Mayor Cragin._______________



Voting No : None____________________________________________________________________________



Absent * Commissioner Clark___________________________________________________________________

First Reading 2/7______________________,1945. 

Approved this 7th day of February________________,1945.

_______Signed: E. W. Cragin___________________________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada

ATTEST:

Signed: Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
COUNTY OF CLARK)
ORDINANCE NUMBER 295

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS TO MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND SURFACING WITH
ASPHALTIC CONCRETE SURFACE CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN SAID CITY: DESCRIBING
DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS PROVIDING THAT THE COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL
BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDING THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DIS-
TRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO BENEFITS, EXCEPT WHERE, BY THE CHARTER OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CERTAIN PORTIONS THEREOF ARE REQUIRED TO BE PAID FROM THE GENERAL FUND OF SAID CITY
OF IAS VEGAS, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has determined to make
the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, said improvements to be made in accord-
ance with the plats, diagrams, and estimates of costs on file in the office of the City Clerk
of Las Vegas:

To grade and surface with two-inch (2") asphaltic concrete surfacing material upon the
following street in the City of Las Vegas, to-wit: Third Place from south edge of the pre-
sent street improvements on Charleston Boulevard.

Section 2. That the cost and expense of making such improvements as described in Sec-
tion 1 of this ordinance shall be paid by special assessment to be made according to bene-
fits upon the taxable lots and premises situate in the special assessment district hereby
created, composed of the following lands, to-wit:

Lots 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 of Beckley Subdivision to Las Vegas, Nevada
as shown in Book 2 of Plats, Page 24,

except where the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required to be
paid from the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas shall hereafter by
ordinance, be empowered and authorized and directed to prepare a special assessment roll which
shall include the lots and premises and owners, as provided for in the City Charter of the
City of Las Vegas. After said special assessment roll as herein provided for, shall have been
prepared and submitted, it shall be reported to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas and thereafter it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk and numbered, and no-
tice thereof shall be given to all persons interested, of the time when said Board of City
Commissioners and ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessment, at which time
the said Board of City Commissioners shall hear and and all suggestions and objections that
may be filed against said assessment, and shall at that, or some adjourned meeting, correct
the same or confirm it as reported or corrected, or they may refer it back to the ex-officio
City Assessor for revision, or annul it and direct a new assessment, and proceed as in the
City Charter directed, until the same shall be confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners;

The City Clerk shall make an endorsement upon the said assessment roll when said roll has
been confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners, thereby showing the date of confirmation
as provided in the Charter and shall thereupon deliver said roll, as confirmed by the Board
of City Commissioners with his certificate of such confirmation and of the date thereof, to
the County Assessor, acting ex-officio City Assessor, and said ex-officio City Assessor
shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record the said assessment roll as in the
Charter provided, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording, Where-
upon from said data all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents of the same
and when said roll is so endorsed and recorded, it shall be prima facia evidence in all
courts and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof,
and of the validity of said agreements and assessment roll, by the Board of City Commissioners;
after the said special assessment roll has been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts
levied thereon shall be due and payable and shall constitute and a lien upon the respective
lots and parcel of land and improvements assessed, and shall be charged against the persons
and properties until paid.

Section 4. That as soon as the said special assessments roll, as provided, for in
Section 3 of this ordinance, shall have been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts
contained therein and levied on and against the properties therein, shall be due and pay-
able at once, and shall be paid to the County Treasurer and ex-officio Tax Receiver of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, ex-officio Treasurer and Tax Receiver of the City of Las
Vegas, and be by that officer paid into the credit to the special fund to be known as and
called "Las Vegas 1945 Third Place Street Fund," and all costs and expenses incurred in mak-
ing said improvements, as in this ordinance contained, shall be charged to and paid out of
said fund. Provided, however, that in the event it becomes necessary to draw on the
General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to defray any of the costs and expenses of making any
of the said improvements, except as otherwise provided for by the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas, that the said General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds from said
"Las Vegas 1945 Third Place Street Fund," as soon as the condition of the same will permit.

And provided further, that where there shall be lands belonging to the City, or public grounds
not taxable, abutting on such improvements, or such improvements shall be made upon interior
squares or spaces, formed by the intersection of Streets and spaces opposite alleys, such part
of the expense of such improvements as, in the opinion of the Board of Commissioners or
Assessor making such special assessment, would be justly apportionable to such public ground,
the City property, and to any interior spaces formed by the intersection Of streets where the
abutting property is taxable, shall be paid from the General Fund, or be stood and borne by
the City of Las Vegas, and the balance of such expense shall be assessed upon the taxable lots
included in such special assessment district in proportion to the estimated benefits resulting
thereto from the improvement.

Section 5. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption
and publication for a period of two (2) weeks, that is to say, once each week in the
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal______, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 6. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Commissioner's Board of the City of Las
Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance No. 295	published for two

(2( weeks, that is to say once each week for two (2) successive weeks in the Las Vegas
Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.
Passed and adopted this 7th day of February A.D., 1945, by the following vote
of the Board of City Commissioners?

Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Cragin________________ VOTING AYE.

Noes: None	Absent: Commissioner Clark	__________

First Reading 2/7___________, 1945.

Approved this 7th day of February__________194 5.

Signed: E. W. Cragin

Mayor

Attest:	

Signed: Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

THIS Ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting held
on the 7th_______day of February	, 194 5	, at which time it was proposed, con-

sidered and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the City of Las
Vegas, Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas
for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first Reading/

AND Thereafter it was read aloud to the Board for a Second Time at a regular meeting
of the Board held on the 21st________day of February , 19 45	.

Voting aye:	Commissioner Corradetti, Smith and Mayor Cragin_________________________

Voting No : None______________________________________________________________________

Absent : commissioners Clark, Bates___________________________________________________

ATTEST:	APPROVED?

/s/ Helen Scott Reed__________ /s/ E. W. Cragin_____________________________________________

City Clerk		Mayor

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK)	deposes, and says:

<	,	^nLgSvi.w-Journal, a daily news-

That he is foreman of the Das egas and published at Las vegas, in the
paper, of general circulation^ P ^d^d	attached was continuously

County of Clark, State	e^a ,	period of 2 weeks from February

^6? 1^45^inclusive! being the issues cf said newspaper
fir the following dates, to-wit:

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of
dates above named.	/s/ Dick Lochrie_______

Subscribed and sworn to before me this day of

/s/ Sallie J. Gordon __

Notary Public

My Commission expires
October 5, 1945

and any further authority granted by the general laws of the State of Nevada and/or the
charter of the City of Las Vegas; and pursuant to the proclamation of the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas heretofore issued at its regular meeting held on
the 6th day of January, 1945 and published on the 9th, 16th and 23rd of January, 1945 in
the Las Vega Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper of general circulation regularly
published in said City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorised, empowered and
directed to issue in the name of the City of Las Vegas, and for and on behalf of the City
of Las Vegas, one hundred and sixty (160) general obligation bonds of the value of One
ORDINANCE NO. 296

AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY
OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA TO BORROW THE SUM OF ONE HUNDRED AND SIXTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
($160,000.00) WITH WHICH TO CONSTRUCT A MUNICIPALLY-OWNED SWIMMING POOL OR SWIMMING POOLS
AND INCIDENTAL FACILITIES THERETO; AND TO ISSUE AND SELL GENERAL OBLIGATION BONDS OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO SECURE THE SAME AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN:

Section 1. A Municipally-owned and operated swimming pool or swimming pools for the
residents of the City of Las Vegas is hereby determined and declared to be a public use for
the purpose of the City.

Section 2. That for the purpose of paying the construction costs of a Municipal
swimming pool or pools under any by virtue of the authority vested in the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, by Section 4 of Chapter 1 of Chapter 132 "Laws of 1911" the Same being an act
entitled:

"An Act to incorporate the town of the Las Vegas in Clark County and defining the
boundaries thereof and to authorize the establishment of a city government there-
for and other matters relating thereto"

approved March 16, 1911 as amended, and

Subsection 5 of Section 31 of Chapter 11 of Chapter 32 of the Laws of 1911 by an act en-
titled:

"An Act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas in Clark County and defining the
boundaries thereof and to authorize the establishment of a city government
therefor and other matters relating thereto" as amended
Thousand Dollars ($1000.00) each, which said bonds shall be numbered consecutively from One
(1) to one hundred and sixty (160) inclusive and shall mature and become payable at annual
periods as follows:

Numbers 1 to 32 inclusive of said bonds shall mature and become payable on

January 1, 1947.

Numbers	33	bo	64	inclusive shall mature and become	payable on January	1,	1948.

Numbers	65	to	96	inclusive shall mature and become	payable on January	1,	1949.

Numbers 97 to 128 inclusive shall mature and become payable on January 1, 1950.

Numbers 129 to 160 inclusive shall mature and become payable on January 1, 1941.

Each of said bonds shall bear interest at the rate of 4% per annum and said interest to be
payable semi-annually on the first day of January of each year, commencing January 1, 1947.
Said bonds shall be designated as "Las Vegas Swimming Pool Bonds, Series 1947 - 1941."

Section 3. Said bonds or such proportion thereof as may be necessary to accomplish
the purpose herein expressed, shall be sold to the bidder making the highest and best bids.

Section	4.	The	Board of Commissioners of the City	of Las Vegas shall	cause the	said

bonds to be prepared	in	appropriate form with appropriate	recitals necessary	to	secure	the

holders thereof, and to make the bonds a legal and effective general obligation against the
City of Las Vegas. The bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas or the
Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas, and the City Clerk or the Deputy City Clerk of the
City of Las Vegas, and countersigned by the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, and shall
be authenticated by the seal of the seal of City of Las Vegas. The said bonds shall contain
coupons attached to the several bonds representing the several installments of interest to
fall due thereon, so that they may be renewed without injury to the bond or coupon. The
coupons shall be numbered consecutively and shall bear the signature of facsimile signature
of the mayor or the Mayor Pro Tem and the counter signature or facsimile counter signature
of the City Clerk and the signature or facsimile counter signature of the City Treasurer.

Said bonds shall bear the date of January 1, 1946.

The said bonds, or as may thereof, as may be necessary in the judgement of the Board
of City Commissioners to accomplish the purpose herein expressed, shall be sold as herein
provided and the proceeds thereof shall be placed in a City Fund designated as the "Swim-
ming Pool Bond Fund."

The said "Swimming Pool Bond Fund" so derived from the sale of such bonds shall be
used for the purpose of constructing a municipally-owned swimming pool or pools and inci-
dental facilities thereto, and for no other purpose.



Section 5. The said bonds so issued shall be a lien upon any swimming pool so
constructed by the City.

Section 6. When said swimming pool shall be constructed as herein provided, the
Board of Commissioners shall charge such prices for the use of said swimming pool or pools
and their facilities as in their discretion they deem satisfactory and proper, and the net
proceeds from said charges shall be used to defray all or such portion of the swimming pool
bond issue as is possible.

Section 7. The issuance of the bonds herein provided for shall be conclusive evi-
dence of the regularity of all proceedings up to the issuance of said bonds, and in the
even that the fund created from the admission charges to said swimming pool or pools and
from other income from said swimming pool or pools shall be insufficient to pay the prin-
cipal upon the redeem said bonds and to pay the interest thereon as respective amounts
become due, then in such amount the deficiency shall be paid by the Treasurer of the City of
Las Vegas from the Swimming Pool Bond and Redemption Fund of the City of Las Vegas, and
each of the bonds issued under the authority of this ordinance shall contain a provision to
that effect. Said bonds shall be exempt from the City tax.

t

Section 8. If any section, subsection, sentence, clause or phrase of this ordinance
is, for any reason, held to be unconstitutional or invalid such decision shall not effect the
remaining portion of this ordinance.

The Board of City Commissioners here by declare it would have passed this ordinance
and each section and subsection, thereof, irrespective of the fact that any one or more of
the sections, subsections, sentences, clauses or phrases be declared unconstitutional or in-
valid.

Section 9. This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adop-
tion, approval and the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Morn-
ing Tribune, a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, and, its final passage.

Section 10. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed
to cause this ordinance to be published in the Las Vegas Morning Tribune, a daily newspaper,
published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks
immediately following its first reading.

This ordinance was read for the first time, proposed, considered and voted upon this
first day of March, 1945.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith, and His Honor Mayor Cragin._________________

Voting Nays: None_________________________________________________________________________________

Absent : Commissioner Clark__________________________________________________________ __________

/s/ E. W. Cragin_____________

ATTEST:		Mayor

/s/ Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting of the Board on
1st day of March, 1945, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted upon, and
unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Morning Tribune, a daily news-
paper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive
weeks immediately following its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the
Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at a regular meeting of the
Board held on the 6th day of April, 1945.

Voting Ayes: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting No : None

Absent : Commissioners Corradetti

/s/ E. W. Cragin_________________

ATTEST:	Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

/s/ Helen Scott Reed	

STATE OF NEVADA) 
COUNTY OF CLARK) SS.

Will Freeman, being duly sworn, deposes and says:
That he is Editor of the Las Vegas Morning Tribune, a daily newspaper,
of general circulation, printed and published in Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was con-
tinuously published in said newspaper for a period of Three (5)
consecutive weeks from March 6 1945 to March 26, 1945 inclusive, being
the issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

March 6, 13, 20, 1945.

That Said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named.

/s/ Will Freman______________

Subscribed and sworn to before
me this day of April 9, 1945.

/s/ Louis Wiener. Jr.__________

My Commission expires	Notary Public

Section 5. It shall be unlawful for any pawnbroker to fail to keep a book in which
shall be entered and fairly written in ink, in the English language, at the time of each
loan or receipt of personal property, an accurate account and description of the goods,
articles or things pawned, or received, the amount of money loaned or advanced thereon, and
time when redeemable, the time, both day and hour, of pawning or receiving such goods, art-
icle or thing, and the name, residence, age, sex, color, and description as near as possi-
ble of the clothing and person pawning or delivering the said goods, articles or things;
and no entry made in said book shall be erased, obliterated, or defaced, and the said book,
as well as every article or thing pawned, pledged or deposited shall at all reasonable times
be open to the inspection of the Chief of Police or any officer directed by the Chief.

Section 6. Every pawnbroker or pawnshop keeper in the City of Las Vegas must be-
fore the hour of 10 o'clock in the forenoon of each and every day, except Sunday, make and
deliver to the Chief of Police of said City at the Police Station, a full, true and de-
tailed report in writing, on forms to be approved by the city Commission, setting forth an
exact description of each and every article or thing pawned or received by such pawn-
broker, or pawnshop keeper during the twenty-four (24) hours immediately preceding such
report, such report to be a full, detailed and correct copy of all entries in the book re-
quired to be kept as aforesaid; and the report so made on each Monday shall include all
articles or things, pawned or received from and after the report made and delivered on the
Saturday preceding; Provided, however, that if no article or thing has been pawned or re-
ceived a report must be made to that effect.

Section 7. It shall be unlawful for any pawnbroker, pawnshop keeper, servant or
employee to receive any goods, articles or things in pawn or pledge from a person who is
intoxicated, or known to be an habitual drunkard, a thief, or an insane person, or a per-
son under the age of twenty-one years, without the written or personal consent of the par-
ent or legal guardian of such minor.

Section 8. It shall be unlawful for any pawnbroker to employ any clerk or person un-
der the age of 18 years to receive any pledge or make any loan.

Section 9. The holder of a pawnbroker's license is, and shall be liable for any and
all act of his employees, and for any violation by them of any of the provisions of this
ordinance.

Section 10. Application for a pawnbroker's license, or any extension or renewal of
same, shall be made annually by petition to the City Council by the applicant and filed
with the City Clerk; and such petition must state definitely the particular place at which
such business is to be carried on. At the time of filing such petition, the applicant
ORDINANCE NUMBER 297

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR LICENSING AND REGULATING THE BUSINESS OF PAWNBROKERS AND PAWN-
SHOPS, AND DEFINING THE SAME: FIXING AND IMPOSING THE LICENSE FEE TO BE PAID THEREFOR;
PROVIDING REGULATIONS FOR THE CONDUCT OF SUCH BUSINESS; FIXING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION
THEREOF; DEFINING ALL DUTIES OF CERTAIN OFFICERS IN CONNECTIONS THEREWITH, AND TO REPEAL ALL
ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain:

Section 1. Any person within the City of Las Vegas who loans money on deposit of per-
sonal property or deals in the purchase or possession of personal property on condition of
selling the same back again to the pledger or depositor, or who loans or advances money on
personal property by taking chattel mortgage security thereon, and takes or received such
personal property into his possession, is hereby declared to be a pawnbroker.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association, or corporation
to conduct or transact a pawnbroking business, or pawnshop in the City of Las Vegas, with-
out first having procured a city license therefor, as hereinafter provided.

Section 3. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association, or corporation,
to conduct or transact a pawnbroking business, or pawnshop in the City of Las Vegas, un-
less he, she, they, or it, shall do keep posted in a conspicuous place in the place of busi-
ness, the license certificate therefor, and a copy of all City Ordinances relating to
pawnbrokers, and pawnshops.

Section 4. It shall be unlawful for, in all cases in which articles pleged have
been forfeited, a sale or other diposition thereof to be made by the pledgee within the per-
iod of ninety days after such forfeiture; during which time the pledger shall have the
first right to redeem such article or articles at no greater advance than ten per cent upon
the amount due, when the forfeiture occurred.
shall deposite with the City Clerk an amount of money equal to at least one-half year, and
not more than one year's charge for the license applied for, which said same of money
shall be refunded to the applicant upon demand in case the license petitioned for shall
not be granted by the City Board of Commissioners. The applicant shall also file with
the petition a Bond running to the City of Las Vegas for a period of one year, conditioned
for the faithful observance during the continuance of such license, and any renewal thereof,
for not more than one year inclusive; which said bond shall be in the sum of ten thousand
dollars, with two or more individual sureties, Said bond to be approved by the Mayor
before such license shall be issued; provided, however, that in lieu of the aforementioned
bond there may be attached a justification to the effective that the sureties are re-
sidents within the County of Clark, Nevada and each are worth the amount specified in
said bond, over and above all just debts and liabilities, and exclusive of property ex-
empt from execution; Provided, however, that the license provided for in this ordinance
shall not permit the licensee to conduct the business of a merchant, or any other busi-
ness except the sale of pawned or pledged articles or things after forfeiture according
to law.

Section 11. No such license shall be issued to any person, copartnership, corpor-
ation association other than the real and actual proprietor of the business and place of
business for which is issued, and the petition for such license in case of a copart-
nership or association shall state the names in full of each and all the copartners or
associates, and in case of a corporation the name of the officers, and manager thereof.

Such license shall be non-transferable to any other person, or place of business, except
by a majority vote of the City Commissioners, and the filing of a new bond by the person
to whom such license is or may be transferred to assigned; and it shall be unlawful for
any person, copartnership, association or corporation to do business, or attempt to do
business under a license transferred to him, her, them, or it, without such consent of the
City Council; and no pawn brocker's license now issued, or hereafter issued, shall be re-
newed or extended for a total period of more than one year without complying with all the
provisions of this ordinance, and the provisions of this ordinance as to issuance of
licenses shall apply to all persons now holding pawnbroker's licenses, when the same shall
expire by their terms.

Section 12. All applications for said licenses or renewals thereof, shall be made
by petition to the City Council at a regular meeting thereof, and shall be immediately
referred to the Chief of Police, or acting Chief, for his approval, and in no case shall
a license be issued or renewed When his disapproval is indorsed upon petition, except
by a majority vote of the City Commissioners. The Chief or acting Chief of Police shall
return all such petitions with his approval or rejection indorsed thereon to the City
Council for final action at the next regular meeting thereof after the receipt of such
petition by him.

Section 13. Every person, firm, association, or corporation engaged in, or propos-
ing to engage in, the business of a pawnbroker in the City of Las Vegas shall pay a quarter-
ly license therefor in the sum of Two Hundred Dollars ($200.00).

Section 14. The Chief of Police shall immediately upon adoption and publication of
this ordinance cause such a number of blanks to be printed as may be necessary for the
purpose of making the reports required by this ordinance, and shall thereafter from time
to time cause such additional blands to be printed as may be required, which said blanks
shall be so printed and subdivided an that they shall have space for writing in all the ma-
tters required by this ordinance to be registered and reported, and said report shall
be written in the English language in a clear, legible manner. Said blanks shall
bear a caption, providing spaces in which shall be filled in the date of said report, the
name and residence of the person making the same and the hour of the day when made, and
all other matters required by this ordinance to be reported.

Section 15. The Chief of Police shall deliver said blanks to the person from Whom
said reports are required, from time to time, at the cost to the Police Department, and
shall upon receipt of such reports file the same in some secure place in his office, and
the same shall be open to inspection only to the Chief of Police or any officer directed
by the Chief, or upon the order of some Court duly made for that purpose.

Section 16. Any pawnbroker or keeper of a pawnshop shall furnish to the pledger
what is know as a pawn ticket, plainly numbered, containing the name of the pledger, a
description of the article or thing pawned or received, date of receipt thereof, the amount
loaned thereon, time for redemption, and name of the pledgee, and shall affix to each
article, or thing a tag, upon which tag shall be inscribed a number on the pawn ticket,
and be entered in the book required to be kept as hereinbefore provided.

Section 17. Any person violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a
fine of not less than Fifty Dollars ($50.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail not
less than Twenty Five Days (25), or by both such fine and imprisonment, and the license
of such person may be ordered forfeited, and cancelled and revoked by the City Commiss-
ioners.

Section 18. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.

Section 19. This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its
adoption, and approval the the publication the eof in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal
a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two
consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading.

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted this
7th day of June 19 45 by the following vote:

Voting Aye:	Commissioners	Baskin, Bates, Clark,	Corradetti,	and His	Honor, Mayor Cragin

Voting No :	none

ABsent :	None
And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time at a regular meeting
of the Board held on the 22nd_________________________day of June________________, 19 45

Voting Aye: Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting No : None______________ _______________________________________________________

Absent : None_________________________________________________________________________

ATTEST:			 	 APPROVED:

Signed:	Helen Scott Reed	 Signed:  E. W. Cragin	___________

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, Being first duly sworn, deposes and
says:	That he is foreman of the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal,

a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
two weeks from June 11, 1945 to June 18, 1945 inclusive, being the issues
of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

June 11, 18, 1945

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie____________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
18th day of June, 1945

/s/ A. E. Cahlan_____________

My commission expires
January 12, 1945.

Section 3. Any person, firm or corporation violating any provision of this ordinance
shall upon conviction be punished by a fine of not more than Three Hundred Dollars ($300.00)
or by imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than One Hundred Fifty (150) days, or by
both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 4. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance
are hereby repealed; and this ordinance shall take effect six (6) months after its adop-
tion and publication, for two successive issues in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a
daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted this
22nd day of June , 1945 by the following vote:

VOTING AYE: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor Mayor Cragin.___________________

VOTING NO : None___________________________________________________________________________

ABSENT : Commissioner Corradetti_____________________________________________________________

And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time at a regular meeting
of the Board held on the 22nd day of June_________, 1945.

VOTING AYE: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor, Mayor Cragin___________________

VOTING NO : Commissioners-- None



 ABSENT : Commissioner Corradetti



ATTEST:	APPROVED:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed________ /s/ E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and
says. hat he is foreman of the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal,
a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published in
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
2 times from July 16, 1945, to July 17, 1945 inclusive, being the
issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit*

July 16, 17, 1945.

That the said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
above named dates.

/s/ Dick Lochrie_____________

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 17th day of July, 1945.

/s/ A. E. Cahlan______________

My Commission expires

January 12, 1945	
ORDINANCE NUMBER 298

AN ORDINANCE TO REGULATE THE PRODUCTION, TRANSPORTATION, PROCESSING, HANDLING, SAMPLING,
EXAMINATION, GRADING, LABELING, REGRADING, AND SALE OF MILK AND MILK PRODUCTS; THE INSPEC-
TION OF DAIRY HERBS, DAIRIES, AND MILK PLANTS; THE ISSUING AND REVOCATION OF PERMITS TO
MILK PRODUCERS AND DISTRIBUTORS; THE PLACARDING OF RESTAURANTS AND OTHER ESTABLISHMENTS
SERVING MILK OR MILK PRODUCTS; AND THE FIXING OF PENALTIES.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1.	The production, transportation, processing, handling, sampling, exam-

ination, grading, labeling, regrading, and sale of all milk and milk products sold for ul-
timate consumption within the City of Las Vegas, or its police jurisdiction, the inspect-
ion of dairy herds, dairies, and milk plants, the issuing and revocation of permits to milk
producers and distributors, the placarding of restaurants, and other establishments serv-
ing milk or milk products, and the fixing of penalties shall be regulated in accordance with
the terms of the unabridged form of the 1939 edition of the United States Public Health
Service ordinance, a certified copy of which shall be on file in the office of the City
Clerk: PROVIDED, that the bland spaces following the words "city of" in said unabridged
form shall be understood to refer to the City of Las Vegas: PROVIDED FURTHER, that in sec-
tion 7, item, of said unabridged form the abortion-testing requirement shall be effective
at once after the adoption of this ordinance; PROVIDED FURTHER, that sections 8, 16, and
17 of said unabridged form shall be replaced, respectively, by section 2, 3, and 4 below.

Section 2. From and after six (6) months from the date on which this ordinance
takes effect no milk or milk products shall be sold to the final consumer, or to restaurants,
soda fountains, grocery stores, or similar establishments except, (1) Certified Raw and
Pasteurized milk, (2) Grade A Raw and Pasteurized milk, (3) Grade B Pasteurized Milk:
PROVIDED: That when any milk distributor fails to qualify for one of the above grades the
health officer is authorized to revoke his permit, or in lieu thereof to degrade his pro-
duct and permit its sale during a temporary period not exceeding thirty (30) days or in
emergencies such longer period as he may deem necessary.
ORDINANCE NUMBER 299

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, REQUIRING PERSONS CONVICTED
OF CERTAIN CRIMES, WHO SHALL COME INTO OR BE WITHIN THE SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS, TO RE-
GISTER IN THE OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF POLICE OF SAID CITY, FIRING THE PENALTY FOR THE VIO-
LATION HEREOF, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA, DOR ORDAIN AS
FOLLOWS:

Section 1.

This is an emergency police power ordinance, the immediate passage of which is in
the opinion of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
Nevada, necessary for the preservation of the public peace and to protect the public health
and secure the public safety of citizens of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Section II.

For the purpose of this ordinance the words, "Convicted persons" are defined as follows:

Any person who subsequent to January 1, 1940 has been or who shall hereafter be con-
victed of a felony, or any offense punishable as a felony, in the State of Nevada, or who
has been or shall hereafter be convicted of the violation of any law in any other place than
the State of Nevada, which crime if committed in the State of Nevada would have been a felony
or would have been punishable as a felony; also any person who since January 1, 1940 has been
or is hereafter convicted in the State of Nevada, or elsewhere, of the violation of any law
relating to the following subject or subjects, to-wit:

(1)	Relating to or regulating the possession, distribution, furnishing or use of
any narcotics.

(2)	Regulating or prohibiting the carrying or possession of or ownership of any
concealed weapon or deadly weapon, or any weapons capable of being concealed,
or any weapons capable of being concealed, or regulating or prohibiting the
possession of, sale of, or use of any device, instrument or attachment designed
to or intended to be used for the purpose of silencing the report of, or con-
cealing the discharge or flash of any firearm.

(3)	Regulating or prohibiting the use, possession, manufacture or compounding of tear
gas or any other gas which may be used for the purpose of temporarily or permanently
 disabling any human being.

(4)	Any attempt to commit, or any conspiracy to commit, and offense described or
referred to in this section.

(5)	Any person who has been since January 1, 1940 or is hereafter convicted of
or is adjudicated as, a drug addict, as defined by he laws of any state,
shall also be deemed a convicted person.

Provided, further, that in the event any person who is now, or who has been, or who
may hereafter be placed on probation for the committing of any of the above enumerated
offenses whose conviction is set aside in the manner provided by law, shall not be deemed a
convicted person.

Section III.

Within thirty (30) days after the effective date of this Ordinance, every convicted per-
son being or residing within the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, shall register
with, and furnish to the Chief of Police of the said City of Las Vegas, at the office of
the said Chief of Police in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, a statement in
person and in writing signed by such person, giving the following information:

(1)	His true name and all aliases which he has used or under which he is or may have
been known.

(2)	A full and complete description of his person.

(3) The kind, character and nature of each crime of which he has been convicted.

(4)	The place where such crime was, or crimes were, committed and place of con-
viction of the same.

(5)	The anem under which he was convicted in each instance and the date thereof.

(6)	The name, if any, and the location of each prison, reformatory, jail or other
penal institution in which he was confined or to which he was sentenced.

(7)	The location and address of his residence, stopping place, living quarters or
place of abode in the City of Las Vegas; if more than one residence, stopping
place or place of abode, that fact must be stated and the location and address
of each given.

(8) A statement of the kind of residence, stopping place or place of abode in which
he resided, whether the place is temporary or permanent, and whether the same is
a private residence, hotel, apartment, house, or building or structure.
(9)	The length of time he has occupied such place of residence, stopping, place, or
place of abode, and the length of time he expects or intends to remain in said
City of Las Vegas.

(10)	All such statements to the Chief of Police shall be made upon City of Las Vegas
forms therefore prescribed and provided by the Chief of Police of said City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada; such statements shall contain such other and
further information as may be required by the Chief of Police for the purpose
of aiding and assisting him in carrying into effect the provisions and intent,
of this ordinance.

Section IV.

Every convicted person who enteres and remains in the said City of Las Vegas for
twenty-four hours shall within twenty-four hours after the expiration of such twenty-four hour
period, furnish to the Chief of Police, a written statement on like form and containing all
of the information required by the written statement referred to in Section Three of this
Ordinance and shall in addition thereto state in writing in such statement the date of that
he entered the State of Nevada and each of his place of residence or abode for the three
months period next preceding the date of his arrival in the City of Las Vegas.

Section V.

Every convicted person shall, at the time of registering and furnishing the informat-
ion required by Sections Three and Four hereof, be photographed and finger printed by the said
Chief of Police, who shall cause such photographs and finger prints to be made apart or the
record provided for by the foregoing sections and Section Six hereof.

Section VI.

The statement, photographs and finger prints hereinfore provided for shall at a 11
times be kept the said Chief of Police of the said city of Las Vegas in files maintained
and kept by the Chief of Police, and shall not be open to inspection by the public, or by
any person other than those regularly appointed, qualified and acting deputies and employees
in the office of said City Attorney and of said Chief of Police; provided that any such photo-
graphs or duplicates thereof, any be exhibited to persons other than those hereinabove named
for the purpose of assisting in identifying perpetrators of any crime; and provided further
that copies of said statements, photograph and finger prints may be transmitted to any
office of sheriff or Chief of Police in the State of Nevada or to the head of any department
of the state of Nevada engaged in the enforcement of any criminal law of this State, or to
the head of any Federal law enforcement agency, or to the Sheriff or Chief of Police of any
municipality, or head of any other law enforcement agency in any state or territory outside
of the State of Nevada, when request is made in writing by such Seriff or any other had
of any law enforcement agency asking for the record of a certain person, or for the record
of a person whose photograph or finger prints reasonably corresponds with the photograph or
finger prints submitted with such request, and stating that such record is deemed necessary
for the use of such law enforcement officer or agency in or concerning the use of such law
enforcement officer or agency in or concerning the investigation of any crime or any per-
son who is accused of committing a crime which is reported to have been committed, and
further stating that the record will be used for such purposes, provided, however, that
nothing contained in this Ordinance shall prevent the Chief of Police from furnishing to
the Sheriff of any County, the Chief of Police of any municipality or the head of any other
law enforcement agency which maintains any system or registration of convicted person copies
of the statements required to be filed under the provisions of this Ordinance, together
with photograph and finger prints of the person making such statements when and if such
Sheriff, Chief of Police, or other head of any law enforcement agency furnished to the said
City Attorney and Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, copies
of statements, photograph and finger prints procured by him, and it is hereby made the duty
of said Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to arrange for the exchange of
such information.

Section VII.

Any person violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance or failing to comply
with any of the provisions hereof shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction
therefore shall be punished by a fine of not to exceed Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00) or
by imprisonment in the City or County Jail for a period of not to exceed six months, or by
both such fines and imprisonment. The duty to furnish the statements when and in the
manner provided by this Ordinance is hereby declared to be a continuing one and for each
day that any person required under the provisions of this Ordinance to furnish a statement
fails to do so, such failure shall constitute a separate offense; provided, however, that no
pe son may be convicted more than once on account of violations occurring by reason of fail-
ure on a series of days, to furnish such statements; provided, further, that nothing con-
tained herein shall be deemed a bar to subsequent prosecutions for violations of the pro-
visions of this Ordinance occurring subsequent to a prior conviction of any acquittal of a
violation thereof.

Section VIII.

Any convicted person who is required to register under the provisions of this Ordin-
ance, who changes his place of residence, stopping place or living quarters, shall within
forty-eight hours after the changing of his place of residence, stopping place, or living
quarters, notify the Chief of Police of such fact, and furnish to said Chief of Police the
new address of his new residence, stopping place or living quarters, in the same manner and
with the same detailed information as is required in the filing of the original statement
under the provisions of Sections Three and Four of this Ordinance.

Section IX.

Any person required by any provision of this ordinance to furnish a statement who
shall in such statement give any false or fictitious address, or any address other than a
true address, or furnish in the making of any such report any false, untrue or misleading
information or statement relating to any information required by any of the provisions
of this Ordinance to be made or furnished, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof, be punishable by a fine not to exceed Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00)
or by imprisonment in the Las Vegas City Jail for a period not to exceed six months, or
by both such fine or imprisonment.

Section X.

If any phrase, sentence or part of this Ordinance is for any reason held to be un-
constitutional, such decision shall not effect the validity of the remaining portion of the
Ordinance. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby declares that it
would have passed this Ordinance, and each phrase, sentence and part thereof, irrespective
of the fact that any one or more other parts be declared void.

Section XI.

This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption, approval
and the publication thereof in the Las Vegas Morning Tribune, a daily newspaper, published
in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately
following its first reading.

This ordinance was read for the first time, proposed, considered and voted upon
this 7th day of June, 1945.

Voting Ayes: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor Cragin
Voting No : None
Absent	:	None

ATTEST;	APPROVED:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed____	/s/ E. W. Cragin______________

City Clerk	Mayor

AND thereafter it was read aloud to the Board for a second time at a regular
meeting of the Board Held on the 22nd day of June , 1945.

Voting Ayes: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and Mayor Cragin

Voting No. : None

Absent	:	Commissioner Corradetti,

ATTEST;	APPROVED:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed___________________________ /s/ E. W. Cragin _____________

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

)SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK)

C. W. Fletcher, being first duly sworn, deposes and
says: That he is Editor of the Las Vegas Morning Tribune, a daily
newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was contin-
uously published in said newspaper for a period two (2) consecutive
weeks from June 12, 1945 to June 19, 1945 inclusive, being the issue
of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

June 12, 19, 1945

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named.

/s/ C. W. Fletcher____________

Subscribed and sworn to before
me this day of June 19, 1945

 /s/ Marion B. Earl_____________

Notary Public in and for Clark
My Commission expires	County, Nevada.

December 27, 1848.
ORDINANCE NO. 300

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 2 OF ORDINANCE NO, 264 AS AMENDED BY SECTION NO. 1 OF ORDIN-
ance NO. 286 AND SECTION NO. 8 OF ORDINANCE NO. 264 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED
"AN ORDINANCE OF THE COMMISSIONS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ESTABLISHING A RESIDENCE DIS-
TRICT, INDUSTRIAL AND COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS, WITHIN THE SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DEFINING SUCH
DISTRICTS; DECLARING IT UNLAWFUL TO ERECT, ESTABLISH, MAINTAIN OR OPERATE CERTAIN FACTORIES,
WORKS OR ESTABLISHMENTS WITHIN SAID RESIDENCE DISTRICTS AND SAID COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS; RE-
GULATING THE ERECTION, ESTABLISHMENT, MAINTENANCE, OPERATION AND REBUILDING OF CERTAIN WORKS
OR ESTABLISHMENTS IN SAID DISTRICTS: PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF SAID ORDIN-
ANCE, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH, "AND TO REPEAL ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS
OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 2 of Ordinance no. 264 as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No.

286 of the City of Las Vegas entitled, "RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 1" is hereby amended by adding
thereto the following paragraph, to-wit:

(e) This zone shall further consist of that portion of said City designated as

follows:

All of Sections 34 and 35, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B. & M., and all of
the Sections 2 and 3, Township 21 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B. & M., lying south of Fremont
Street and east of South Fifth Street, but excluding therefrom those portions zoned for
Residence Zone No. 2 and Commercial Use. All of the Sections 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, Town-
ship 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D. B. & M., and all of Sections 4 and 5, Township 21 South,
Range 61 East, lying west of the Union Pacific Railroad main track, but excluding therefrom
those portions zoned for Residence Zone No. 4 and Industrial Use. All of the NE¼ and all
of the N½ of the SE¼ of Section 28, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.& M., lying
between North Fifth and North Main Streets.

Section 2. Section 8 of Ordinance No. 264 of the City of Las Vegas is here by amended
as follows:

That the industrial districts are hereby created and established within the City des-
cribed as follows:
All of the area bounded by the Union Pacific Railroad Main Track on the west, the
City Limits on the North, the west line of Main Street on the East, and Charleston Boulevard
on the south. All of the of the SW¼ of Section 27 and all of Section 34 lying west of the
Union Pacific Railroad Main track; all of the E½ of the NE¼ and all of the SW¼ of Section
33 lying west of the Union Pacific Railroad main track; all in Township 20 South, Range 61
East, M.D.B.&M. All of the East ½ of the NE¼ of Section 4, Township 21 South, Range 61 East
M.D.B. & M., Blocks 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6, and the West of Blocks 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12
of the Boulder Addition; and the area bounded by the Meadows Addition on the West, the
Boulder Addition on the North, and west line of South Main Street on the east, and the commer-
cial district on the westerly side of South Fifth Street on the South.

Section 3. This ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as an EMERGENCY
ORDINANCE and it shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 4. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Moring Tribune, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once
each week for a period of two weeks.

The foregoing ordinance was read aloud for the first time and voted upon at a regular
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners on the 7th day of July , 1945.

Voting Aye; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor Cragin____________

Voting No : None ____________________________________________________________________________

Absent : Commissioner Clark__________________________________________________________________

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed________ /s/ E. W. Cragin____________________________________________

City Clerk	Mayor

—ooOoo—

ORDINANCE NUMBER 301

AN ORDINANCE REQUIRING REGISTRATION WITH THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS POLICE DEPARTMENT AND THE
FINGERPRINTING, THUMBPRINTING, AND PHOTOGRAPHING OF ALL EMPLOYEES OF GAMBLING HOUSES, TAXI
DRIVERS, AND EMPLOYEES OF ESTABLISHMENTS WHERE ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES ARE SOLD AT RETAIL ON
THE PREMISES AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR A VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. Definition -- Wherever used in this ordinance, unless the context other-
wise requires:

(A)	"Employees of Gambling Houses" shall mean all dealers, shills, and operators of
gambling and banking games as such games are defined by City of Las Vegas Ordinance Nos.

165 as amended and 203 as amended, except slot machines, pin ball machines and any other
mechanically operated game where no attendant is required.

(B) "Employees of Establishments where Alcoholic Beverages are Sold at retail on

the Premises" shall mean bartenders, waiters and nay other person who serves alcoholic beve-
rages to patrons for consumption on the premises, save and excepting the employees of cafe
and restaurants.

(C)	"Taxi Drivers" will include all persons who drive any motor vehicle or convey-
ance used in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of transporting
persons for hire, save and except those persons employed for hire to transport persons in
interstate traffic exclusively, and these persons for hire to operate buses which operate
under a City Franchise.

(D)	"Alcoholic Beverages" shall mean and include any and all distilled or rectified
spirits, petable alcohol, brandy, whiskey, rum, gin, aromatic bitters, beer, wine and every
liquid or solid containing alcohol capable of being consumed by a human being.

Section 2. Policy -- It is hereby declared to be the policy of the City of Las Vegas,
as herein expressed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, that the safety
morals, good order and general welfare of the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas will be
better protected and served, by requiring the registration with the Police Department of
said City, the thumb, finger printing, and photographing of all employees of gambling houses
taxi drivers, and employees of establishments where alcoholic beverages are sold at retail
and served on the premises, as such employees and establishments are defined in Section 1
of This Ordinance.

Section 3. It shall be unlawful for any person to accept employment in any gambling
house, as a drive or operator of any taxicab, or in any establishment where alcoholic
beverages, as defined in Section 1 hereof, are sold at retail and consumed on the premises,
unless such person shall first have registered his name and address with the Police Depart-
ment of the City of Las Vegas and shall have had his thumb, fingerprints, and photograph
taken and filed in the Bureau of Identification of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 4. Upon such employee complying with the provisions of Section 3 hereof,
the Chief of Police shall issue a certificate to such employee showing compliance therewith,
and the Bureau of Identification shall forthwith send a copy of such imprints to the Bureau of
Identification of the State of California, and one copy to the Identification Bureau of
Federal Bureau of Investigation at Washington D.C., with the request that all information as
to the previous record, if any, of such person be forthwith transmitted to the Bureau of
Identification of Las Vegas, Nevada. Upon receipt of any such information the Bureau of Ident-
ification at Las Vegas shall forthwith notify the Chief of Police. The information, if any,
received as aforesaid shall be treated as confidential and shall only be made accessible to the
Mayor and the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, the employer of such person,
and to law enforcement officers.

Section 5. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation operating a gamb-
ling game, taxicab or taxicabs, or an establishment where alcoholic beverages are sold at
retail for consumption on the premises, to employ any person required to register with the
Police Department by the terms of this Ordinance, unless such person shall have so registered
with the Police Department of the City of Las Vegas and had his thumb, fingerprints, and
photograph taken and filed with the Bureau of Identification of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 6. Any person violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall, upon
conviction, be punished by a fine or not more than Three Hundred Dollars ($300.00), or by
imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than One Hundred Fifty (150) days, or by both such
fine and imprisonment.

Section 7. Effect of Invalidity -- If any part, provisions or section of this Ordin-
ance or the application thereof to any person or circumstances shall be held invalid by any
Court of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of this Ordinance or the application of such
part, provision or section to any other person or circumstances, shall not be affected thereby.

Section 8. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Ages, a weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of
two weeks.

/s/ E. W. Cragin__________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed______________

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board
of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read by title to the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and referred to a committee for consideration on
the 10th day of July, A.D., 1945, which said committee reported said Ordinance back to the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas favorable.

The above and foregoing Ordinance as reported back by said committee on the 10th

day of July,____A.D., 1945, said date being the next regular meeting of said Board, was

read aloud in full, and adopted this 31st day of July__________, A.D., 1945, by the following

vote:

Ayes: Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Noes: None

Attest:	Approved:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed	/s/ E.W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
at a regular meeting held on the 21 st day of July, A.D., 1945, at which time it was proposed,
considered, and voted upon, and unanimously adopted, and thereafter published in the Las Vegas
Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, once each week for two consecutive
weeks immediately following its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board

of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, a second time at a regular________meeting of the said

Board, held on the 7th day of August, A.D., 1945.

Ayes: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor, Mayor Cragin.

Noes; None

Absent: Commissioner Corradetti

ATTEST:	s: E. W. Cragin_______

Mayor

s; Helen Scott Reed____

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK) ss.

Dick Lochrie being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance #301 was published in
said newspaper for a period of 2 weeks from July 22, 1945 to July 29, 1945 inclusive being
the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 22, 29, 1945. That said
newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the legal
charge of publishing said notice was $69.60.

/s/ Dick Lochrie_________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 8th day of August, 1945

Signed: A. E. Cahlan

My Commission Expires
January 12, 1945.
ORDINANCE NUMBER 302

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE TO REGULATE THE USE OF WATER IN WOODLAND PARK ADDITION TO THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS BETWEEN THE MONTHS OF MAY 15 AND SEPTEMBER 15 INCLUSIVE: AND DEFINING THE REGULATION
OF WATER, REGULATING THE USE THEREOF: AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORD-
INANCE: AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as follows:

WHEREAS, a substantial number of residents and users of water in the Woodland Park
Addition to the City of Las Vegas are deprived of a sufficient amount of water to meet their
domestic needs on account of the use of water in said Addition for irrigation purposes; and

WHEREAS, there is not a sufficient supply of water flowing from the artesian wells
that serve said Woodlawn Park Addition to the City of Las Vegas, during the months of May
15th to September 15th inclusive, to meet the domestic requirements of all of the residents
of said Woodland Park Addition to the City of Las Vegas and also meet the requirements for
irrigation purposes; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deem it expedient and
necessary for the protection of health, comfort, safety, life and welfare of the inhabitants
of said Woodland Park Addition to the City of Las Vegas, to regulate the use of water therein
and to prevent the waste thereof, NOW, THEREFORE,

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person, Company, Corporation or Association
to use any of the water which comes from the artesian wells that serve the users in Woodland
Park Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, between the months of May 15th
and September 15th inclusive, for irrigation purposes, except as provided for in Section 2
hereof.

Section 2. The Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby authorized
and directed to establish and regulate (said Chief of Police being hereby authorized to
change the hours he so established from time to time to meet the existing conditions and/or
prevent the use of any water all all for irrigation purposes during said period hold the
conditions so warrant such regulation) the hours of the day and days of the week when water
may be used of irrigation purposes in Woodland Park Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, during the months of May 15th and September 15 inclusive. Said Chief of
Police is hereby further authorized and directed to police said Woodland Park Addition to
the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of preventing the use of water for irrigation purposes
except during such time as said Chief of Police so designates, as aforesaid.

Section 3. Any violation of this ordinance or any of the provisions thereof shall
constitute a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not to exceed Fifty ($50.00)
dollars or by imprisonment in the City Jail of Las Vegas for a period of not to exceed twenty-
five (25) days, or both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 4. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance
are hereby repealed.

Section 5. This ordinance is declared and passed as an emergency ordinance, and shall
take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 6. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Morning Tribune, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas for a period of two weeks that is to say; once each week.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the 21st day of July,
1945, and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon the second reading on said last mentioned
date, on the following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye, Noes, None.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed	/s/ E. W. Cragin__________________

City Clerk	Mayor

—oo—

ORDINANCE NO. 303

"AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE ERECTION, CONSTRUCTION, ENLARGEMENT, ALTERATION, REPAIR, MOVING,
REMOVAL, CONVERSION, DEMOLITION, OCCUPANCY, EQUIPMENT, USE, HEIGHT, AREA AND MAINTENANCE OF
BUILDINGS OR STRUCTURES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PER-
MITS AND COLLECTION OF FEES THEREFOR; DECLARING AND ESTABLISHING FIRE DISTRICTS; PROVIDING
PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES NUMBERS 130, 166, 188, 284,

285 AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Do Ordain as follows:

Section 1. That a certain document, three (3) copies of which are on file in the office
of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated as "Uniform Build-
ing Code, 1943 Edition, published May 1, 1943, by Pacific Coast Building Officials Confer-
ence," be and the same is hereby adopted as the building code of the City of Las Vegas for
the regulation of the erection, construction, enlargement, occupancy, equipment, use, height
area and maintenance of all buildings and/or structures in the City of Las Vegas; providing
penalties for the violation of such Building Code; declaring and establishing fire districts;
and each and all of the regulations, provisions, penalties, conditions and terms of such
"Uniform Building Code, 1943 Edition, publication May 1, 1943, by Pacific Coast Building
Officials Conference," on file in the office of the City Clerk and hereby referred to, amended
and made a part hereof as is fully set out in this Ordinance.

Section 2. Certain sections of the Uniform Building Code, 1943 Edition, as adopted by this
ordinance are hereby amended, repealed, or added to as follows, namely, to-wit:

PART I - ADMINISTRATIVE

A. Chapter 2 - General Provisions

Section 206 is hereby amended by adding thereto the following additional paragraph,
to-wit:

When a certificate of occupancy is issued, the Building Inspector shall notify the
County Assessor's Office on forms approved by the Board of City Commissioners, and such
form shall have indicated thereon the estimated valuation of the building or structure
if it is newly erected or the estimated valuation of any addition, enlargement, alter-
ation, repair, conversion, extension, demolition or any other work that affects the
valuation of any building or structure within the City of Las Vegas, provided that such
work complies with the requirements of this Building Code. Such valuations shall be
determined in accordance with Section 203 of this Code.

B.	PART I

CHAPTER 3 - ENFORCEMENT

Section 301 is hereby amended by adding thereto the following additional paragraph,
to-wit:

Whenever any unoccupied building or structure is not properly secured or enclosed, the
Building Inspector shall immediately serve notice in writing on the owner, reputed
owner, or person in charge of such building, or premises, setting forth the condition
of such unoccupied building, structure, or premises and to have it properly secured
within twenty-four (24) hours after such notice is served. It shall be the duty of
the Chief of the Fire Department to assist the Building Inspector in all such cases
and when such unoccupied buildings or structures are discovered to exist by them, the
Building Inspector shall immediately be informed.

C.	PART II - DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS
CHAPTER 4 - DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS

Section 401-B - Paragraph (b) defining BUILDING is hereby amended to read as follows:

BUILDING is any structure build for the support, shelter, or inclosure of persons,
animals, chattels, dr property of any kind. For the purpose and intent of this Code,
no structure may be used as a building which has been originally constructed as,
or converted from a trailer.

Section 401 S - Paragraph (s) defining STRUCTURE is hereby amended to read as follows:

STRUCTURE is that which is built or constructed, an edifice or building of any kind,
or any piece of work artificially built up or composed of parts joined together in
come definite manner. For the purpose and intent of this Code, this definition of a
structure shall exclude any structure originally constructed as a trailer or converted
from a trailer.

Section 401 T is hereby amended by adding thereto the following additional definitions
to-wit:

TRAILER is any truck, wagon or other vehicle or structure equipped for moving or adop-
ted for being moved about on wheels, runners, or otherwise, and providing living or
sleeping quarters or accomodations for one or more persons or facilities for the con-
duct of any business enterprise. Removal of the wheels, runners, or other equipment
used form moving a trailer shall not change the meaning fo the said term.

D.	PART III -- REQUIREMENTS BASED ON OCCUPANCY

Chapter 5 - Classification of all buildings by use or occupancy and general require-
ments for all Occupancies, is hereby amended by adding thereto the following addi-
tional section, to-wit:

Section 508 - LIGHT, VENTILATION AND SANITATION.

Every building or structure of an occupancy specifically defined or classified by this
Code shall be subject to and comply with the requirements for light, Ventilation and
Sanitation, specified under:

1.	Each occupancy group of this Code as defined in Chapters 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12,

13, 14 and 15 respectively;

2.	Any other ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the light, ventilation,
and sanitation of buildings or structures, or of the use or occupancy within buildings
or structures;

3.	All laws and codes of the State of Nevada regulating or intending to regulate

the light, ventilation, or sanitation of buildings or structures or of the use of occup-
ancy within such buildings or structures.

For the purpose of this section the requirements which are most restrictive and of highest
standard shall apply to construction under this Code.
Chapter II-- Requirements for Group "F" Occupancies

Section 1105 is hereby amended by adding thereto the following additional paragraph, to-wit:

Buildings or structures occupied by restaurants, food establishments or any occupancy that
involves the processing, preparation, manufacturing, storage or handling of foodstuffs dr food
products intended for human consumption shall have an anteroom between any toilet room and
any other room. All construction in addition to any requirements of this Code shall be as
required by State Law regulating the sanitation of food establishments.

Chapter 12 - Requirements for Group "G" Occupancies

Section 1205 is hereby amended by adding thereto the following additional paragraph, to-wit:

Buildings or structures of any occupancy that involves the processing, preparation, manu-
facturing, storage or handling of foodstuffs or food products intended for human consumption
shall have an anteroom between any toilet room or any other room. All construction in
addition to any requirements of this Code shall be as required by State law regulating the
sanitation of food establishments.

-

Chapter 13 - Requirements for Group "H" Occupancies

Section 1305 is hereby amended by adding thereto the following paragraph, to-wit:

No door or other opening in any bathroom or toilet compartment shall open from or into any
room in which food is stored, prepared or consumed.

Chapter 14 - Requirements for Group "I" Occupancies

Section 1405 is hereby amended by adding thereto the following additional paragraph, to-wit;

No door or other opening in any bathroom or toilet compartment shall open from or into any
room in which food is stored, prepared, or consumed.

E.	PART IV - REQUIREMENTS BASED ON LOCATIONS IN FIRE ZONES.

Chapter 16 - Restrictions in Fire Zones

General

Section 1601 (a) Fire Zones defined as hereby amended to read as follows*

For the purpose of this Code, the entire city is hereby declared to be and is hereby est-
ablished a Fire District and said Fire District shall be known and designated as Fire Zone
One, Two and Two Special, and Three, and shall include such territory or portions of said
city as outlined in an ordinance of said city Entitled; "An Ordinance creating and establ-
ishing fire zones." Whenever in such ordinance creating and establishing fie zones, re-
ference is made to any fire zone, it shall be construed to mean one of the four fire zones
designated and referred to in this chapter.

Restrictions - Fire Zone #1

Section 1602 (a) - GENERAL - is hereby a mended by adding thereto the following additional
paragraph, to-wit;

No building of Type V construction shall be erected, constructed or moved within Fire Zone

#1.

An addition sub-section is hereby added, as follows:

Section 1602 (f) - Non-Conforming Occupancies. Any occupancy not permitted in Fire Zone #1
as covered by sub-section (e) of this section (1602), but existing at the time this ordinance
is enacted, shall be deemed, for the purpose and intent of this ordinance, a non-conforming
occupancy.

Such non-conforming occupancy shall be permitted to remain and be operated in Fire Zone #1
for a period of 5 years from and after the date this ordinance becomes effective, pro-
vided that the maintenance and operation of such occupancy is conducted in a manner minimiz-
ing hazard to life or property and satisfactory to the Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas.

After said period of 5 years, and upon written notice of the Building Inspector, counter-
signed by the fire Chief, such non-conforming occupancy shall be made to comply with the
requirements of Section 1008, Chapter 10 of this Code.

Restriction Fire Zone #2 and #2s

Section 1603 (a) - GENERAL - is hereby amended to read as follows:

Paragraph 1 - Type IV. Buildings or structures of Type IV construction having an area
greater than seventy-five hundred square feet (7,500 sq. ft.) shall not be erected, constru-
ted, moved within or into Fire Zone #2 or fire Zone #2s, and such buildings over one-
tho sand square feet (1,000 sq. ft.) in area erected, constructed, moved within, or into
Fire Zone #2 or Fire Zone #2s, shall have all exterior walls of not less than four- hour
fire resistive construction.

Section 1603 (b) Limitations of types of Construction, Paragraph 2, Type V is hereby deleted
and repealed.
Section 1603 (c) - ALTERATIONS - is hereby amended to read as follows:

No building of Type IV construction in excess of one thousand square feet (1,000 sq.ft.) in
floor area, nor any building of type V construction already erected in Fire Zone #2 or Fire
Zone #2s, shall hereafter be altered, raised, enlarged, added to or moved, except as
follows?

1.	Such building may be made to conform to the provisions of sub-section (b) of this sect-
tion.

2. Changes, alterations, and repars to the interior of such building or to the front there-
of facing a public street may be made, provided that such changes do not, in the opinion of
the Building Inspector, increase the fire hazard of such building.

3.	Roofs of such buildings may be covered only with a "fire retardant" roofing as specified
in Section 4305. See Section 104 (e) for repairs.

4.	Such building may be moved entirely outside the limits of fire Zone #2.

5.	Such building may be demolished.

6.	Combustible finish on the outside of walls may be replaced by, or covered with, exterior
plaster as specified in Chapter 47.

Section 1603(d) - Occupancies Prohibited - is hereby amended to read as follows?

1.	No Group "E" occupancies, except the following, shall be permitted in Fire Zone No. 2:

Public garages, dry cleaning plants using flammable liquids, paint shops and spray
painting rooms and shop, provided such uses and occupancies conform with the requir-
ments of Section 1008, Chapter 10 of this Code.

The following occupancies may be permitted in Fire Zone #2 provided that special permit
or certificate of approval is first obtained from the Fire Chief of the City of Las
Vegas:

Planning mills, box factories, woodworking and mattress factories.

Such occupancies and use shall not be permitted nor a certificate of approval issued un-
less the same comply with the "Suggested Fire Prevention Ordinance, Edition of 1943,
Recommended by the National Board of Fire Underwriters."

2.	The following occupancies may be permitted in Fire Zone No. 2s, provided that a special
permit or certificate of approval is first obtained from the Fire Chief of the City of
Las Vegas:

Paint or petroleum storage and storage of hazardous and highly inflammable or explosive
materials and liquids.

Such occupancies and use shall not be permitted nor a certificate of approval issued unless
the same comply with the "Suggested Fire Prevention Ordinance, Edition of 1943, Reco-
mmended by the National Board of Fire Underwriters."

Section 5. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are here-
by repealed. But it is specifically provided that neither the amendment hereby mads to
said ordinance nor any repel hereby provided for shall affect in any way any prosecution for
the violation of said ordinances and/or parts of ordinances repealed by this ordinance pend-
ing at the time this ordinance becomes effective.

Section 6. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, adoption and
publication for two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of two weeks in the
Las Vegas Tribune, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada.

Section 7. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have
this City ordinance published in the Las Vegas Tribune, a daily newspaper printed and published
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say,
once each week for a period of two weeks.

_____/s/ E. W. Cragin_________________

Mayor

Attest:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this 7th
day of August, 1945, by the following vote?

Voting Aye? Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, and His Honor, Mayor Cragin.

Voting No :	None

Absent	:	Commissioner Corradetti
This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting of
the Board on the 7th day of August, 1945. at which time it was proposed, considered and voted
upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Tribune a daily news-
paper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive
weeks immediately following its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board
for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at a regular meeting of the Board held
on the 22nd day of August, 1945.

Voting Ayer Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor Cragin.

Voting No : None
Absent : None

ATTEST: /s/ Helen Scott Reed_______	______/s/ E. W. Cragin_________

City Clerk and Clerk of the	Mayor

Board of City Commissioners

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

)SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK)

M. D. Jennings, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Editor of the Las
Vegas Morning Tribune, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of TWO WEEKS (CONSECUTIVE) from August 11, 1945 to
August 18, 1945 exclusive, being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:
August 11, 18, 1945. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named.

Signed: M. K. Jennings________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
day of August 20, 1945

_____	/s/ Louis Wiener, Jr._________

My Commissioner Expires Aug. 13, 1946

ORDINANCE NO. 304

AN ORDINANCES OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS CREATING AND ESTABLISHING FIRE ZONES.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. The entire city of Las Vegas is hereby declared to be and is hereby established a
Fire District, and said Fire District shall be know and designated as Fires Zones, One (1),

Two (2) and Two Special (2s), and Three (3). The fire zones shall comprise and included such
territory or portions of the City of Las Vegas as outlined and described in Sections 3, 4, and
5 of this Ordinance.

Section 2. All buildings or structures hereafter erected, constructed, moved within, enlarged,
altered, repaired, or converted shall be subject to the "Requirements Based on Location in
Fire Zones, Part IV, Chapter 16 Uniform Building Code of the City of Las Vegas," or any amend-
ments thereto. -

Section 3. Fire Zone #1 shall include all that portion of the City of Las Vegas lying within
the area described as follows:

All of Blocks 2,3,4,13,14,15,18,19,30,31,34,35; Lots 27 to 32 inclusive in Block 12;

Lots l to y inclusive in Block 21 and Lots 27-32 inclusive in Block 21; lots 1 to 6 inclusive
in Block 28; Lots 1 to 16 inclusive in Block 29; all as platted in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.
All of Blocks 2, 3, 6, and 7 in Hawkins Addition. Lots 1 to 6 inclusive and lot C in Block
3, Bucks Subdivision. All of the area lying within and bounded by the Union Pacific Rail-
road main trackage on the west, West Bonanza Road ( Clark Street) on the North, North Main
Street and south Main Street on the east, and the westerly prolongation of the center line of
East Garces Street between south Main Street and the Union Pacific Railroad main trackage on
the south.

Section 4. Fire Zone #2 shall include all of that portion of the City of Las Vegas lying with-
in the area described as follows:

All	of	Blocks	1,	16, 17, 32, 33,	38; Lots	1 to 16 inclusive and Lots 27, to 32 inclusive

in	Block	 5;	Lots 1	to	16	inclusive in	Block 6;	Lots 1 to 16 inclusive in Block 7; Lots 1 to

16	inclusive in Blocks 8; Lots 17 to 32 inclusive in Block 11; Lots 1 to 6 inclusive and Lots

17	to 26 inclusive in Block 12; Lots 1 to 16 inclusive in Block 22; lots 7 to 16 inclusive in

Block 21; Lots 27 to 32 inclusive in Block 28; Lots 17 to 39 inclusive in Block 29? alias
platted in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite. All of Blocks 1, 2, 3, 4, 5; Lots 1 to 16 inclusive
in	Block	6;	Lots 1	to	16	inclusive in	Block 7;	Lots 1 to 16 inclusive in Block 8; Lots 1 to

16	inclusive in Block	9?	Lots 1 to 5	inclusive in Block 10; all as platted in the South

Addition to the City of Las Vegas. All frontage on both sides of Fifth Street to a depth
of one Hundred fifty feet (150'( each side of the right of way line between the south city
limits and the South Sixteenth line of Section 27, excepting therefrom such portions as exist
in Fire Zone #1 and the City Park. Lots 17 to 22 inclusive in Block 1; Lots 27 to 32 inclusive
in Block 4; Lots 1 to 6 inclusive and Lots 27 to 32 inclusive in Block 5? Lots 1 to 6 inclusive
in Block 8; Block B; all in Hawkins Addition. Lots 6 to 11 inclusive in Block 4? Lots 6,

7,	8 in Block 11; Lots 1 to 11 inclusive in Block 12; Lots 1 to 5 inclusive and Lots 11, 12,
13 in Block 13? all in Bucks Subdivision. All frontage on both sides of East Fremont Street
to a depth of one hundred fifty feet (150') each side of the right-of-way line between Eighth
Street and the east city limits? all frontage on the east side of Main Street to a depth of
one hundred fifty feet (150') and included between Stewart Street and the noth city limits?
and included between Charleston Boulevard and South Fifth Street. All frontage on the west
side of the Main Street to a depth of one hundred fifty feet (150'( and included between the
east-west quarter section line of Section 27 and of the noth city limits; and between
Charleston Boulevard and Wyoming Street. All of the area lying within and bounded by North
Main Street on the east , West Bonanza Road (Clark Avenue) on the south, the Union Pacific
Railroad main trackage on the west, and the east-west quarter section line of Section 27 on the
north. All of the area lying within and bounded by South Main Street on the east, Wyoming
Street on the north, the east boundary of the Meadows Addition on the west, and South Fifty
Street on the south. All frontage on the south side of West Charleston Boulevard to a depth
of one hundred fifty feet (150') and included between the Union Pacific Railroad right-of-way
and South Main Street. Lots 7 to 12 inclusive in Block 5; Lots 1 to 6 inclusive in Block 6;

Lots 1 to 6 inclusive in Block 11; Lots 7 to 12 inclusive in Block 12; Lot 7 in Block 21;

Lot 6 in Block 22; all in the H.F.M. and M. Addition. Lot 7 in Block 5; lot 6 in block 6; Lot
6 in Block 10; Lot 7 in Block 11; all in the Valley View Addition. All frontage along the
north side of Bonanza Road (Clark Street) for a depth of one hundred forty feet (140') between
the Union Pacific Railroad right-of-way and "H" Street. Block 24 of Huntridge Tract 2 and
Block 25 in Huntridge Tract 3.

Fire Zone #2 Special (2s). This shall include all that portion of the city of Las Vegas
lying within the following described area:

All of the south-west quarter (SW¼) of Section 27 lying south of Bonanza Road (Clark
Avenue) and west of the Union Pacific Railroad main trackage; all of the area lying within and
bounded by South Main Street on the east, West Charleston Boulevard on the south, Union Pacific
Railroad main trackage on the west, and the westerly prolongation of the center line of east
Garves Street, between South Main Street and the Union Pacific main trackage, on the north.

Section 5.	Fire zone #3 shall	include	all of the area within the incorporated limits of the

city of Las	Vegas except those	portions	which are included within and particularly	described

in this ordinance as Fire Zone	#1, Fire	Zone #2, and Fire Zone #2s.

Section 6.	All ordinances and	parts of	ordinances in conflict with this ordinance	are here-

by repealed. But is is specifically provided that neither the amendment here-by made to said
ordinance nor any repeal hereby provided for shall affect in any way any prosecution for the
violation of said ordinances and/or parts of ordinances repealed by this ordinance pending at the
time this ordinance becomes effective.

Section 7. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, adoption and pub-
lication for two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of two weeks in the
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

Section 8. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to
have this City Ordinance published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two
weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of two weeks.

______/s/ E. W. Cragin______

Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this
7th day of August, 1945, by the following vote:

Voting aye:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and His Honor Mayor Cragin____________________

Voting No :	None

Absent :	Commissioner	Corradetti___________________________________________________________

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting of
the Board on the 7th, day of August, 1945, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted
upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal
a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two
consecutive weeks immediately following its first re ding. And it was thereafter read aloud
to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at a regular meeting of
the Board held on the 22nd day of August, 1945.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting No : None
Absent : None

ATTEST: /s/ Helen Scott Reed________ __________________________/s/ E. W. Cragin _____

City Clerk and Clerk of the	Mayor

Board of City Commissioners

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
COUNTY OF CLARK) 

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the Las
Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of one week from August 9th, 1945 to August 16th, 1945
inclusive, being in the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: August 9,

10, 11, 13, 14, 15, 16, 1945, That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each
of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie____________

Subscribed and sworn to before me	

this 17th day of August, 1945

________/s/ A.E. Cahlan,

Noray Public— Commissioner Expires Jan. 12, 1947
ORDINANCE NO. 305

AN ORDINANCE REQUIRING REGISTRATION WITH THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS POLICE DEPARTMENT AND THE
FINGERPRINTING, THUMBPRINTING AND PHOTOGRAPHING OF ALL EMPLOYEES OF GAMBLING HOUSES, TAXI
DRIVERS, AND EMPLOYEES OF ESTABLISHMENTS WHERE ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES ARE SOLD AT RETAIL ON THE
PREMISES AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR A VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE, AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCE
AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain:

Section 1. Definition. — Wherever used in the Ordinance, unless the context otherwise
requires:

(a)	"Employees of Gambling Houses" shall mean all dealers, shill, and operators of
gambling and banking games as such games are defined by City of Las Vegas Ordinance No. 165,
except slot machines, pin ball machines and any other mechanically operated game where no
attendant is required.

(b)	"Employees of Establishments where Alcoholic Beverages are sold at retail on the
Premises" shall mean bartenders, waiters and any other person who serves alcoholic beverages
to patrons for consumption on the premises, save and excepting the employees of cafe and rest-
aurants.

(C) "Taxi Drivers" will include all persons who drive any motor vehicle or conveyance
used in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of transporting persons
for hire, save and except those persons employed for hire to transport persons in interstate
traffic exclusively, and those persons for hire to operate buses which operate under a City
franchise,

(d) "Alcoholic Beverages" shall mean and include any and all distilled or recitified
spirits, potable alcohol, brandy, whiskey, rum, gin, aromatic bitters, beer, wine and every
liquid or solid containing alcohol capable of being consumed by a human being.

Section 2. Policy. — It is hereby declared to be the policy of the City of Las Vegas,
as herein expressed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, that the safety
morals, good order and general welfare of the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas will be
better protected and served, by requiring the registration with the Police Department of said
City and thumb, fingerprinting, and photographing of all employees of gambling houses, taxi
driver, and employees of establishments where alcoholic beverages are sold at retail and
served on the premises, as such employees and establishments are defined in Section 1 of this
Ordinance.

Section 3. It shall be unlawful for any person to accept employment in any gambling
house, as a driver or operator of any taxi-cab, or in any establishment where alcoholic
beverages, as defined in Section 1 hereof, are sold at retail and consumed on the premises,
unless such person shall first have registered his name and address with the police Department
of the City of Las Vegas and shall have had his thumb, fingerprints, and photograph taken and
filed with the Bureau of Identification of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 4. Upon such employee complying with the provisions of Section 3 hereof, the Chief
of Police shall issue a certificate to such employee showing compliance therewith, and the
Bureau of Identification shall forthwith send a copy of such imprints to the Bureau of
Identification of the State of California, and one copy to the Identification Bureau of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation at Washington, D.C., with the request that all information as
to the previous record, if any, of such person, be forthwith transmitted to the Bureau of
Identification at Las Vegas, Nevada, Upon Receipt of such information the Bureau of Identifi-
cation at Las Vegas shall forthwith notify the Chief of Police. The information, if any,
received as aforesaid shall be treated as confidential and shall only be made accessible to the
Mayor and Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, the employer of such person, and
to law enforcement officer.

Section 5. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation operating a
gambling game, a taxicab or taxicabs, or an establishment where alcoholic beverages are sold
at retail for consumption of the premises, to employ any person required to register with the
Police Department by the terms of this Ordinance, unless such person shall have so registered
with the Police Department of the City of Las Vegas and had his thumb, fingerprints and
photograph taken and filed with the Bureau of Identification of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 6. Any person violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall, upon
conviction, be punished by a fine of not more than Three Hundred ($300.00) Dollars, or by
imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than One Hundred Fifty (150) days, or by both
such fine and imprisonment.

Section 7. Effect of invalidity. — If any part, provision or section of this
Ordinance or the application thereof to any person or circumstances shall be held invalid
by any Court of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of this Ordinance of the application
of such par, provision or section to any other person or circumstances, shall not be affected
thereby.

Section 8. Effective Date. -- T his Ordinance shall be in effect on and after its pass-
age, adoption and publication thereof in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily news-
paper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive
weeks immediately following its first reading.

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin______________

Mayor

/s/ Helen Scott Read__________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of
City Commissioners on the 28th day of August, 1945, and referred to the following committee
composed of Commissioners Baskin, Bates, and Clark for recommendation; thereafter the said
committee reported favorably on the said Ordinance on the 7th day of September, 1945 which was
the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners, that at said regular meeting
the proposed Ordinance war readin full to the Board of City commissioners as first introduced
and adopted by the following voter

Voting Aye: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor Cragin_________________

Voting No : None

Absent : Commissioner Clark

ATTEST:	/s/ Helen Scott Reed	APPROVED:	E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

This Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City Commissioners
on the 28th day of August, 1945, and referred to the following committee for consideration,

namely, to-wit: To Commissioners Ba skin__________,_____Bates_______ and Clark__________________;

that thereafter and on the 7th day of September, 1945, which was the next regular meeting of
said Board of Commissioners, the Committee reported favorably on the said Ordinance, that at
said regular meeting this Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners for
the first time at a regular meeting of the said Board and adopted as first introduced by the
unanimous vote of said Board and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal,
a newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a
period of once a week for two (2) consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading
and it was thereafter read aloud to the second time at a regular meeting of the said Board
held on the 22nd day of September, 1945, and passed by the following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting Nay: None

Absent : None

Mayor

ATTEST:	/s/ Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

)SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of Las
Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
in Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two times from September 8, 1945 to September 15,

1945 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: September
8 and 15. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
names.

Signed: /s/ Dick Lochrie_________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
15th day of September, 1945.

_____/s/ A. E. Cahlan________________

Notary Public-Commissioner Expires Jan. 12, 1947

ORDINANCE NO. 306

AN ORDINANCE TO SAFEGUARD LIFE AND PROPERTY BY REGULATING AND PROVIDING FOR THE INSPECTION
OF ELECTRIC WIRING, DEVICES, APPLIANCES AND EQUIPMENT: CREATING THE OFFICE OF CITY
ELECTRICIAN AND PRESCRIBING HIS AUTHORITY AND DUTIES REQUIRING THAT NO ELECTRIC WIRING DEVICE
APPLIANCES OR EQUIPMENT SHALL BE INSTALLED WITHOUT FIRST SECURING A PERMIT THEREFOR:

CRATING A BOARD OF ELECTRICAL EXAMINERS: PROVIDING FOR THE LICENSING OF PERSON, FIRMS AND
CORPORATIONS ENGAGING IN THE BUSINESS OF ELECTRICAL CONTRACTING OR EMPLOYING ELECTRICIANS
TO OBTAIN ELECTRICAL WORK MAKING IT UNLAWFUL TO ENGAGE IN THE BUSINESS OF ELECTRICAL CONTRACT-
ING OR TO UNDERTAKE THE EXECUTION OF ELECTRICAL WORK WITHOUT A LICENSE, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE
PROVIDED: MAKING IT UNLAWFUL TO SELL AT RETAIL CERTAIN ELECTRICAL PRODUCTS UNLESS SUCH PRO-
DUCTS HAVE BEEN APPROVED BY THE CITY ELECTRICIAN, AND NATIONAL BOARD OF UNDERWRITERS, PRO-
vidinG PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDIN-
ANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That a certain document, three (3) copies of which are on file in the Office
of the City Clark, of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated as Specialized
Electrical Code, 1945 addition, printed September, 1945, by Las Vegas, Nevada Board of
Electrical Examiners and the same is hereby referred to and adopted by the Electrical Code
of the City of Las vegas, and by said reference and adoption made a part of this ordinance
the same as if it were fully set forth herein.

Section 2. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are repealed,
but it is specifically provided that neither this ordinance or any repeal hereby provided
shall in any way effect in any way any prosecution for the violation of any ordinance here-
tofore passed, pending at the time of adoption of this ordinance.

Section 3. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, adoption and
publication for two (2) successive issued in the Las Vegas Morning Tribune, a daily newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 4. The City Clark of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to
have this City Ordinance published in the Las Vegas Morning Tribune, a daily newspaper printed
and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two (2) weeks and
that is to say, once each week for a period of two (2) weeks.

/s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed

City Clark



The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the 7th day of September, 1945, and referred to the

following Commissioners:_____Bates_______, and Baskin_______, for recommendation; that

thereafter the said Committee reported favorably on the said Ordinance on the 22nd day of
September, 1945, which was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners, that
at said regular meeting the said proposed ordinances was read aloud, in full and adopted as
first introduces this 22nd day of September, A.D., 1945 by the following vote;

Voting Aye: Commissioners Baskin, Bates. Clark, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Cragin___________

Voting Nay: None

Absent : None

This Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City Commissioners
on the 7th day of September, 1945, and referred to the following committee for consideration,
namely, to-wit; To commissioners Bates and Baskin; that thereafter an on the 22nd day of
September, 1945, which was the next regular meeting of said Board of commissioners, the
Committee reported favorably on the said ordinance, that at said regular meeting this ordinance
was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners for the first time at a regular meeting
of the said Board and adopted as first, introduced by the unanimous vote of said Board and
thereafter published in the Las Vegas Morning Tribune, a newspaper printed and published in the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada for a period of once a week for two (2) consecutive
weeks immediately following its first reading and it was thereafter read aloud to the said
Board for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 5th day of October,
1945, and passed by the following vote;

Voting Aye; Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting Nay; None

Absent : Commissioner Bates

ATTEST:	____/s/ E. W. Cragin________

Mayor

_____/s/ Helen Scott Reed______

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

)ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Edwin E. Weal, being first duly sworn, deposes and say: That he is Editor
of the Las Vegas Morning Tribune, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was
continuously published in said newspaper for a period of Two (2) consecutive weeks from
September 26, 1945 to October 3, 1945 inclusive, being the issue of said Newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit; September 27; October 3, 1945. That said newspaper was regularly
issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed;____Edwin E. Weal___________

Subscribed and sworn to before ms this
Day of October 4, 1945.

_____/s/ Marion B. Earl________________

Notary public in and for Clark County,

Nevada.
ORDINANCE NO. 307

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND, REVISE, AND RE-ENACT SECTION 1 OF ORDINANCE NO. 292 OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, AS AMENDED, AND TO REPEAL ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THERE-
WITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 1 of Ordinance No. 292 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An
ordinance providing for the protection of the public health, and the examination, registration
licensing and bonding of persons engaged in the business of plumbing, or laboring at the trade
of plumbing; requiring a permit for the installation or alteration of plumbing and drainage
systems; crating the office of plumbing inspector and a board of plumber Examiners, and pre-
scribing their duties; defining certain terms; establishing minimum regulations for the installation
 , alteration or repair of plumbing and drainage systems and the inspection there-
of; providing penalties for its violation and repealing conflicting ordinances", shall be and
the same is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that the same shall as follows:

Section 1. That certain document three (3) copies of which are on file in the
office of the City Clark of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated as Standard
Plumbing Code, published by Western Plumbing and Heating Journal and the same is hereby re-
ferred to and adopted as the Plumbing Code of the City of Las Vegas for the protection of the
Public health, the examination, registration, licensing and bonding of persons engaged in the
business of plumbing or laboring at the trade of plumbing, regulating the installation or
alteration or repair of plumbing and drainage systems and the inspection thereof, creating the
office of Plumbing Inspector and a Board of Plumber Examiners and prescribing their duties;
providing penalties for violation of such plumbing code; and each and all of the regulations,
provisions, penalties, conditions and terms of such "Standard Plumbing Code, published by
Western Plumbing and Heating Journal" On file in the Office of the City Clark are hereby
referred to, adopted and made a part hereof as if fully set out in this ordinance."

Section 2. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby
repealed, but it is specifically provided that neither this ordinance or repeal hereby
provided shall in any way effect in any way any prosecution for the violation of any
ordinance heretofore passed, pending at the time of the adoption of this ordinance.

Section 3. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, adoption and
publication for two (2) successive issues in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily
newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 4. The City Clark of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to
have this City Ordinance published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two
(2) weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of two (2) weeks.

_______/s/, E. W. Cragin____________

Mayor

ATTEST: /s/ Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the 7th day of September, 1945, and referred to
the following Commissioners, Baskin and Corradetti, for recommendation; that thereafter the
said Committee reported favorably on the said Ordinance on the 22nd day of September, 1945,
which was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners, that at said regular
meeting the said proposed Ordinance was read aloud, in full and adopted as first introduced
this 22nd day of Sept., A.D., 1945, by the following vote:

Voting Aye:	commissioners	Baskin, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor, Mayor Cragin

Voting No	:	None

Absent	:	None

Passed	:	Commissioner	Bates.

This Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City Commissioners
on the 7th day of September, 1945, and referred to the following of said Board of Commissioners
the Committee reported favorably on the said Ordinance, that at said regular meeting this
Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City commissioners for the first time at a regular
meeting of the said Board and adopted as first introduced by the unanimous vote of said
Board and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal newspaper printed and
published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark, County, Nevada, for a period of once a week for
two (2) consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading and it was thereafter
read aloud to the said Board for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on
the 5th day of October, 1945, and passed by the following vote:

Voting Aye:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor Cragin

Voting Nay:	None

Absent :	Commissioner Bates

_____/s/ E. W. Cragin___________

Mayor

ATTEST:	/s/ Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

) SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is
Foreman of the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation,
printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of 2 times from September
25, 1945 to Oct 2, 1945 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates
to-wit: September 25, October 2, 1945. That said newspaper was regularly issued and cir-
culated on each of the dates above named.

Signed:	Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before
me this day of October 2, 1945.

_______/s/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public — Commission expires January 12, 1945.

ORDINANCE NO. 308

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A BUREAU OF FIRE PREVENTION, PROVIDING OFFICERS
THEREFORE AND DEFINING THEIR POWERS AND DUTIES, AND PRESCRIBING REGULATIONS FOR FIRE PREVENT-
TION AND LIFE SAFETY IN CONNECTION WITH HAZARDOUS MATERIALS AND PROCESSES: PROVIDING PENALTIES
FOR ITS VIOLATION AND REPEAL OF ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION ONE: That a certain document, three (3) copies of which are on file in the Office of
the City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated as Suggested Fire
Prevention Ordinance, addition of 1943, recommended and published by the Nation Board of Fire
Underwriters, be, and the same is hereby referred to and adopted as the Fire Prevention
Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, and by said reference and adoption, made a part of this
ordinance, the same as if it was fully set forth herein.

SECTION TWO: All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed,
but is is specifically provided that neither this ordinance or any repeal hereby provided shall
in any way effect in any way the prosecution for the violation of any ordinance heretofore
passed, pending a t the time of the adoption of this ordinance.

SECTION THREE: This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, adoption and pub-
lication for two successive issues in the Las Vegas Morning Tribune a daily newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas,

SECTION FOUR:	The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to

have this city ordinance published in the Las Vegas Morning Tribune, a daily newspaper printed and pub-
lished in the City of Las Vegas, Clark, County, Nevada, for a period of two (2) weeks, and that
is to say, one each week for a period of two (2) weeks.

/s/ E. W. Cragin___________

 	Mayor

ATTEST: /s/ Helen Scott Reed_______

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the 7th day of September, 1945 and referred to the
following committee composed of Commissioners Bates and Clark for recommendation; that after
the said committee reported favorably on the said ordinance on the 22nd day of September, 1945
which was the next regular meeting on the 22nd of September, 1945, the said proposed ordin-
ance was read aloud in full and adopted as first introduced this 22nd day of September, A.D.

1945 by the following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Baskin, Ba tes, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor Cragin.

Voting Nay: None
Absent : None

This ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on the
7th day of September, 1945, and referred to the following committee for consideration, namely
to-wit: Commissioners Bates and Clark; that thereafter and on the 22nd day or September, 1945,
which was the next regular meeting of the Board of said City Commissioners the said committee
reported favorably on the said ordinance, that at said regular meeting this ordinance was
read in full to the Board of City Commissioners for the first time at a regular meeting of
the said board and adopted as first introduced by the unanimous vote of said board and that
after publishing in the Las Vegas Morning Tribune, a newspaper printed and published in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, Nevada for a period of once a week for two (2) weeks
immediately following its first reading; and it was thereafter read aloud to the said board
for a second time at a regular meeting of the said board held on the 5th day of October, 1945
and passed by the following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti, Clark and His Honor, Mayor Cragin
Voting Nay: None
Absent : Commissioner Bates

 /s/ E. W. Cragin___________

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed_____
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

) SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Edwin E. Weal, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Editor of the Las
Vegas Morning Tribune, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two (2) consecutive weeks from September 26,

1945 to October 2, 1945 inclusive, being the issue of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit: September 26, October 3, 1945. That said newspaper was regularly issued and cir-
culated on each of the dates above named.

Signed____Edwin E. Weal___________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
day of October 4, 1945

________/s/ Marion B. Earl_____________

Notary Public -- Commissioner expires

December 27, 1948.

ORDINANCE NO. 309

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO AMEND SECTIONS 2 (e) and 8 of ORDINANCE NO. 264,

THE LAS VEGAS ZONING ORDINANCE, AS AMENDED BY SECTIONS 1 AND 2 OF ORDINANCE NO* 300.

BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section 2 (e) of Ordinance No. 264 as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No.
300 of the City of Las Vegas Entitled, "Residence Zone No. 1" is hereby amended as follows:

(e) This zone shall further consist of that portion of said City designated as follows:

All of Sections 34 and 35, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B. & M., and all of
the Sections 2 and 3, Township 21 South, Range 61 East, M,D.B. & M., lying south of Fremont
Street and east of South Fifth Street, but excluding therefrom those portions zoned for
Residence Zone No. 2 and Commercial Use. All of the Sections 28,29, 30, 21, 32, 33,

Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B. & M., and all of Sections 4 and 5, Township 2 south,
Range 61 East, lying west of the Union Pacific Railroad Main Track, but excluding therefrom
those portions zoned for Industrial Use. All of the N.E. ¼ and all of the N. ½ the
S.E. ¼ of Section 27, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B. & M., lying between North
Fifth and North Main Street but excluding therefrom that portion zoned for Light Industrial
Use.

Section 2* Section 8 of Ordinance No. 264 as amended by Ordinance No. 300 of the City
of Las Vegas is hereby amended as follows:

That	the	industrial	districts are hereby amended as	follows:

That	the	industrial	districts are hereby created and established	within	said City

described as follows:

All of the area bounded by the Union Pacific Railroad main track on the west, the
City Limits on the north, the west line of Main Street on the east, and Charleston
Boulevard on the south, All of the S. ½ of the S.W. ¼ of Section 27 and all of Section

34 lying west of the Union Pacific Railroad	main	track; all of the east ½ of	the N.E. ¼

and all of the S.W. ¼ of Section 33 lying west of the Union Pacific Railroad main Track;
all in Township 20 South Range 61 East, M/D.B. & M. All of the East ½ of the N.E. ¼ of
Section 4, Township 21 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B. & M.

The district established within the following described boundaries shall be known
as a Light Industrial District:

All of Blocks 1 to 5 inclusive, and the W. g of Blocks 6 to 10 inclusive, of the South
Addition;	the	West g of	Blocks 4 to 8 inclusive, Clark's	Las vegas Townsite;	all frontage on

the	east	side	of N. Main	Street, to a depth of 150 Feet,	from Stewart	Street	on the south

to the North City Limits; Blocks 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6, and the West g of Blocks 7, 8, 9, 10,
11 and 12 of the Boulder Addition; and the area bounded by the Meadows Addition on the
west, and Boulder Addition of the North; the	west	line of South	Main Street	on the east,

and the commercial district on the westerly	side	of South Fifth	Street on the	South.

The following regulations shall apply in the Light Industrial District:

(a) Uses Permitted:

1.	Any use permitted in the Residential Districts.

2. Any wholesale, retail or commercial use including warehouses, open stor-
age or sales yards, salvage or junk yards only when conducted in a build-
ing enclosed all all sides or when enclosed by a fence in such manner as
may be specified by the Planning Commission, but not including auto-
wrecking; light manufacturing light industry; but not including any use
which emits dust, gas, smoke, noise, fumes, odors, or vibrations which are
or any be detrimental to the general welfare of the neighborhood or of the
city as a whole.
3.	Other uses, which in the opinion of the Planning Commission, are similar in

character to those enumerated in this Section and will not be obnoxious or de-
trimental to the district in which located.

(b) Uses Excluded:

1. Any industrial uses enumerated under Section 10, Ordinance 264, which would
not be classified under Section 2 (e) of this Ordinance.

Section 3.	All Ordinances and parts	of Ordinances in conflict	with this Ordinance are

hereby repealed.	But is is specifically	provided that neither the	amendment hereby made to said

Ordinance nor any repeal hereby provided for shall effect in any way any prosecution for the
violation of said Ordinances and/or parts of Ordinances repealed by this Ordinance pending at
the time this Ordinance becomes effective.

Section 4.	EFFECT OF INVALIDITY --	If any part, provision or	section of this Ordinance or

the application thereof to any person or	circumstance shall be held invalid by any Court of

competent jurisdiction, the remainder of this Ordinance or the application of such part, pro-
vision or section to any other person or circumstances, shall not be affected thereby.

Section 5. This Ordinance shall be ineffect from and after its passage and adoption and
publication for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week in the Las Vegas
Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark, County,
Nevada .

Section 6. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las
Vega s, County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each
week for a period of two weeks.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

_________________________________               ___________________________________

City Clerk	Mayor

The above and foregoing Ordinance was read by title to the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, at their recessed regular meeting held October 29th, 1945 and referred to
Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti for recommendation and report at the next regular meeting
of November 7, 1945.

At which time said Committee reported favorably and recommended the adoption of aid
of said proposed Ordinance which was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, for the first time on the 7th day of November, 1945 and voted upon as follows:

Voting aye: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor E.W. Cragin.

Voting No :	None

Absent	:	None

ATTEST?		APPROVED:

Helen Scott Reed____________________ E.W. Cragin_______________________________________

City Clerk	Mayor

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud for the second time and voted
upon at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the 21st
day of November, 1945.

Voting aye: Commissioners______________ -	_____________________

Voting no :_________________

Absent :_______________________________________________________________________________________

ATTEST:	APPROVED?

City Clerk			Mayor

The description was discovered to be wrong so the foregoing Ordinance was not read twice. So
by reason thereof is not a law.

ORDINANCE 310

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS OF ITS NEGOTIABLE
COUPON BONDS IN THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF ONE HUNDRED FORTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
($140,000.00) FOR THE PURPOSE OF CONSTRUCTING A POLICE STATION FOR THE USE OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS AND NECESSARY FACILITIES FOR SAID POLICE STATION: PRESCRIBING THE TERMS THEREOF
AND PROVIDING FOR THE LEVY AND COLLECTION OF AN ANNUAL TAX THEREFOR.

WHEREAS, in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada and the Charter of the City

of Las Vegas, the Board of Commissioners of said city has heretofore caused to be issued and

published a proclamation of the intention of the City to submit at the general city election he
held May 8, 1945, the proposition to issue bonds of the City of Las Vegas in the sum of One
Hundred Forty Thousand Dollars ($140,000.00), the proceeds of which are to be used for the
construction of a police station for the use of the City of Las Vegas, which said proclamation

was published and posted in the manner and for the time required by law; and,

WHEREAS, at said general election duly held on the 8th day of May, 1945, pursuant

to said proclamation, there was submitted to the qualified electors, both property owners and

non-property owners, the following question:

Shall the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas be empowered
to incur an obligation on behalf of the City of Las Vegas and be empowered
to issue in the name of the City of Las Vegas, One Hundred Forty Thousand
($140,000.00) Dollars of general obligation bonds for the construction of a
police station and facilities in the City of Las Vegas; said bonds to be in
denominations of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars each and to bear interest
at the rate of not more than six per cent per annum from date of issuance
until date of redemption; and to be redeemed in twenty equal annual install-
ments, with the first installment to be redeemed one year from date of
issuance of said bonds.

AND, WHEREAS, thereafter on May 17, 1945, the Board of Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas met for the purpose of canvassing the votes upon said question cast at the municipal

election held May 8, 1945, and did find and declare that the said question of issuing said

bonds for the purpose and in the amount aforesaid was carried by the approving vote of more

than a majority of the qualified voters, both property owners and non-property owners;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

Section 1. That for the purpose of constructing a police station and necessary

facilities for said police station for the use of the City of Las Vegas pursuant to the powers

vested in the said city and its Board of Commissioners under the charter of said city and the

general laws of the State of Nevada, there be issued bonds of said city of Las Vegas designated

Las Vegas, Nevada, Police Station bonds in the aggregate principal amount of One Hundred Forty

Thousand Dollars ($140,000.00) consisting of 140 bonds in the denomination of $1,000.00 each,

bearing interest at the rate of not more than six per centum (6%) per annum, both principal

and interest being payable at the office of the City Treasurer in any coin or currency of the

United States of America, which on the respective dates of payment is legal tender for the

payment of public and private debts, all dated as of January 1, 1946, numbered consecutively



from 1 to 140, both numbers inclusive, and maturing serially in twenty equal annual install-
ments of Seven Thousand Dollars ($7,000.00) each, commencing January 1, 1947, to and including
January 1, 1966. Interest on said bonds shall be payable semi-annually commencing July 1,1946,
and on the first days of January and July in each year thereafter until the principal of said
bonds has been fully paid and discharged. Said bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the City
of Las Vegas or Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas, countersigned by the City Treasurer with
the seal of the City of Las Vegas affixed thereto, attested by the City Clerk or Deputy City
Clerk. Interest accruing on said bonds shall be evidenced by the proper number of semi-annual
interest coupons thereto attached bearing the signature or facsimile signature of the City
Treasurer, and when so executed, said bonds and appurtenant coupons shall be the binding
obligations of the City of Las Vegas according to their import.

Section 2. Said bonds and coupons shall be in substantially the following form:

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA

LAS VEGAS POLICE STATION BONDS

-

No.__________ $1,000.00

The city of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for
value received, hereby acknowledges itself indebted and promises to pay to
bearer the sum of

ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS

on the first day of January, A.D. 19__, with interest thereon at the rate of
____________per centum (_________%) per annum, payable semi-annually

on the first days of January and July in each year upon presentation
and surr and surrender of this bond and the attached coupons as they severally

become due, both principal and interest being payable at the office of
the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada, in
any coin or currency of the United States of America which, on the
respective dates of payment is legal tender for the payment of public
and private debts.

This bond is one of a series of bonds of like tenor issued
by the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of constructing a police
station and necessary facilities in connection therewith, for the use
of the City of Las Vegas and its inhabitants and for defraying the cost
thereof under the authority of the Charter of said city and of an
Ordinance duly enacted pursuant thereto by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. It is hereby certified that all acts
and things required to be done and all conditions and things required
to exist precedent to and in the issuance of this bond to render the
same lawful and valid have happened, been done and performed and did
exist in regular and in due form and in every manner as required by
law and that the total indebtedness of the City of Las Vegas including
the indebtedness evidenced by this bond does not exceed the statutory
or constitutional limitations under the constitution and laws of the
State of Nevada and of the Charter of the city of Las Vegas, and it is
further certified and recited that provision has been made for the levy
and collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay the interest on this
bond and to discharge the principal thereof when and as the same severally
becomes due.

The full faith and credit of the city of Las Vegas are hereby
pledged for the punctual payment of the principal of and the interest
upon this bond.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas has caused this bond
to be signed by its Mayor or Mayor Pro Tem and by its City Clerk or Deputy
City Clerk and countersigned by the City Treasurer under the seal of the
City of Las Vegas, all this first day of January, A.D. 1946.

Mayor

Countersigned:

(SEAL)	City Treasurer

ATTEST:

CITY CLERK

(Form of Coupon)

No.___________ $_____________________________________________________________

January

On the first day of	July , A.D. 19______, the City of Las Vegas,

in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, promises to pay to bearer_________________

___________Dollars ($____________) in any coin or currency of the United

States of America, which, on the respective dates of payment, is legal
tender for the payment of public and private debts, at the
office of the City Treasurer of the said City of Las Vegas,
being six months' interest on its Las Vegas Police Station
Bond Dated January 1, 1946.

Bond No.____________

(Signature or Facsimile Signature)

Treasurer.

Section 3. That the interest accruing on said bonds and due and payable on the first day of
July, 1946, shall be paid from the general funds of the City and for the purpose of reimbursing
said funds and in order to provide the necessary funds to pay the interest on and the principal
of said Las Vegas Police Station Bonds promptly as it respectively becomes due, there shall
be levied upon all the taxable property of the City of Las Vegas a direct annual tax in an
amount sufficient to pay each installment of principal of and the interest upon the bonds
of this issue and the coupons appurtenant thereto as the same severally mature, all such
annual taxes to be levied at the time and in the manner required by law. Said taxes when
collected, shall be placed in a special fund to be known and designated as "Police Station
Bond Fund" and said taxes shall be applied solely for the purpose of the payment of interest
upon and the principal of said Las Vegas Police Station Bonds, and for no other purpose
whatsoever until said bonds and the interest thereon shall have been fully paid, satisfied
and discharged, but nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to prevent said city
from applying any other available funds to that purpose and upon such payment the levies herein
provided for may to that extent be diminished.

Section 4. The full faith and credit of the City of Las Vegas is hereby pledged for the
prompt and punctual payment both principal and interest of the bonds hereby authorized and
the provisions of this Ordinance and of each of the bonds and of each of the interest coupons
issued pursuant hereto shall constitute and are declared to be a binding and irrevocable
contract between the said City of Las Vegas and the holder from time to time of each of said
bonds and of the coupons thereto appertaining.

Section 5. That from and after the time when said bonds shall have been issued this Ordinance
shall not be altered or repealed until the bonis hereby authorized shall have been fully
paid, both principal and interest.

Section 6. Said bonds shall be sold at public sale for not less than par and accrued interest,
if any, and notice calling for bids for the purchase of said bonds shall be given and
published as required by law, such publication to be in The Las Vegas Evening-Review Journal,
a newspaper of general circulation in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.
The proceeds of the sale of said bonds shall be placed in the general funds of the City of
Las Vegas and such proceeds shall be paid out only for the purposes of carrying out the
provisions of this ordinance; and only on warrants drawn by the City Treasurer in payment
of bills contracted in carrying out the objects and purposes aforesaid.

Section 7. This Ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its passage,
approval and the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Evening
Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, and its final passage.
Section 8. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to
cause this Ordinance to be published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily news-
paper, published in the City of Las Vegas for a period of once a week for two consecutive
weeks immediately following its first reading.

This Ordinance was read for the first time, proposed, considered and voted upon this 7th day
of November, 1945.
 Voting aye: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, His Honor Mayor Cragin.
Voting Nay: None.

Absent: None.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting of the
Board on the 7th day of November, 1945, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted
upon, unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal,
a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two
consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud
to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at a regular meeting of
the Board held on the 21st day of November, 1945.

Voting aye: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Cragin.
Voting No: None.

Absent: None.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAs
EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of 2 times from Nov. 13, 1945 to Nov. 20, 1945
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Nov. 13-20, 1945.
That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed_____Dick Lochrie_________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th
day of December, 1945.

A. E. Cahlan____________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires
Jan. 12, 1947

(SEAL)

---oOo—-

ORDINANCE NO. 311

AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY
OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO BORROW NOT TO EXCEED ONE HUNDRED SIXTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
($160,000.00) ON THE CREDIT OF THE CITY BY ISSUING ITS NEGOTIABLE COUPON BONDS FOR THE PURPOSE
OF CONSTRUCTING TWO MUNICIPALLY OWNED SWIMMING POOLS AND INCIDENTAL FACILITIES THERETO, TO ISSUE
AND SELL GENERAL OBLIGATION BONDS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS: SPECIFYING THE TERMS THEREOF:
PROVIDING FOR THE SALE OF SAID BONDS AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN
CONFLICT HEREWITH AND PARTICULARLY REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 296 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, FINALLY
APPROVED AND ADOPTED THE 6th DAY OF APRIL, 1945.

Section 1. Municipally owned and operated swimming pools for the residents of the City
of Las Vegas are hereby determined and declared to be a public use and purpose of said City.
Section 2. For the purpose of constructing two swimming pools and paying the costs
thereof, pursuant to the powers vested in the said City of Las Vegas and the Board of Com-
missioners thereof by Subsection 5 of Section 31 of Chapter II of the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas, being Chapter 32 of the Laws of the State of Nevada, 1911 and Acts amendatory
thereof, and pursuant to the further authority granted by the General Laws of the State of
Nevada, there shall be issued bonds of said City of Las Vegas designated as Las Vegas
Swimming Pool bonds, series 1947-1966 in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding One
hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00) consisting of 160 bonds of the denomination of
$1,000.00 each, bearing interest at a rate of not to exceed four per centum (4%) per annum,
both principal and interest being payable at the office of the City Treasurer in any coin
or currency of the United States of America which on the respective dates of payment is
legal tender for the payment of public and private debts, all dated as of January 1, 1946,
numbered consecutively from 1 upwards and to the extent such bonds are issued maturing serially
as follows:

Bond Numbers	Maturity Date	Total

January 1, 1947
January 1, 1948
January 1, 1949
January 1, 1950
January 1, 1951
January 1, 1952
January 1, 1953
January 1, 1954
January 1, 1955
January 1, 1956
January 1, 1957
January 1, 1958
January 1, 1959
January 1, 1960
January 1, 1961
January 1, 1962
January 1, 1963
January 1, 1964
January 1, 1965
January 1, 1966

In the event that the cost of construction of said two swimming pools is less than $160,000.00
the number of bonds to be issued shall be reduced by a number equal to the last full $1,000.00
of such reduction and shall be applied to the series in the reverse order of their maturity.

Interest on said bonds shall	be payable semi-annually on the first day of	July,

1946, and on the first days of	January,	and July thereafter	until the principal of said bonds

has been fully paid and discharged. Said bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the City
of Las Vegas, or by the Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas, and by the City Clerk or the
Deputy City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, and shall be countersigned by the City Treasurer
of the City of Las Vegas under	the seal	of said city, Each	of said bonds shall nave	attached

thereto appropriate coupons to	evidence	the installments of	semi-annual interest due	thereon

and shall bear the signature or facsimile signature of the City Treasurer. Said bonds and
coupons shall be in substantially the form following, to-wit:
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA
LAS VEGAS SWIMMING POOL BONDS
SERIES 1947 - 1966

No.___________ $1,000.00

The City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for value received,
hereby acknowledges itself indebted and promises to pay to bearer the sum of

ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS

on the first day of January, A.D. 19   , with interest thereon at the rate of________per centum

(____%) per annum, payable semi-annually on the first days of January and July in each year

upon presentation and surrender of this bond and the attached coupons as they severally become
due, both principal and interest being payable at the office of the City Treasurer of the City
 of Las Vegas In Las Vegas, Nevada, in any coin or currency of the United States of America
which, on the respective dates of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private
debts.

This bond is one of a series of bonds of like tenor issued by the City of Las Vegas
for the purpose of constructing two municipal swimming pools in said city for the benefit of
the City of Las Vegas and its inhabitants, and for defraying the cost thereof under the
authority of the Charter of said City and of an Ordinance duly enacted pursuant thereto by the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. It is hereby certified that all acts
and things required to be done and all conditions and things required to exist precedent to
and in the issuance of this bond to render the same lawful and valid have happened, been done and
performed and did exist in regular and in due form and in every manner as required by law
and that the total indebtedness of the City of Las Vegas including the indebtedness evidenced
by this bond does not exceed the statutory or constitutional limitations under the constitution
and laws of the State of Nevada and of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and it is further
certified and recited that provision has been made for the levy and collection of an annual
tax sufficient to pay the interest on this bond and to discharge the principal thereof when
and as the same severally becomes due.

The full faith and credit of the City of Las Vegas are hereby pledged for the punctual
payment of the principal of and interest upon this bond.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas has caused this bond to be signed by its
Mayor or Mayor Pro Tem and by its City Clerk or Deputy City Clerk and countersigned by the
City Treasurer under the seal of the City of Las Vegas, all this first day of January, A.D.

1946.

Mayor

Countersigned:

(SEAL)	City Treasurer

ATTEST:

City Clerk
(Form of Coupon)

No.__________ $

January

On the first day of July , A.D. 19______, the City of Las Vegas, in the County of

Clark, State of Nevada, promises to pay to bearer____________________________________Dollars

($	) in any coin or currency of the United States of America, which, on the respective

dates of payment, is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts, at the office
of the City treasurer of the said City of Las Vegas, being six months' interest on its Las
Vegas Swimming Pool Bond, Series 1947 - 1966, dated January 1, 1946.

Bond No.__________

(Signature of Facsimile Signature)

Treasurer

Section 3. Said bonds, or as many thereof as may be necessary in the judgment of the

Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to accomplish the purpose herein expressed,



shall be sold in accordance with law. The proceeds of said sale shall be used exclusively
for defraying the cost of construction of two municipal swimming pools in the City of Las
Vegas, one of said pools to be located in that area now occupied by the city race tracks and
one swimming pool to be located on the West Side, Las Vegas, Nevada, provided, however, that
the construction of said swimming pools and facilities necessary to operate said pools shall
not cost in excess of $160,000.00 in total.

Section 4. The Board of Commissioners reserves the right to reject any and all bids
received and further reserves the right to deem it to the best interests of the City hereafter
not to acquire or establish such municipal swimming pools and by resolution duly adopted to
abandon and discontinue these proceedings therefor.

Section 5. As further security for the payment of the principal of and interest upon
said bonds, the Board of Commissioners shall charge such prices for the use of said swimming
pools and their facilities as in the discretion of said Board it may deem proper, and the net
proceeds from said charges shall be paid to the City Treasurer and by him placed in a special
fund to be known as "Swimming Pool Bond Fund" which said fund is hereby created. The City
Treasurer shall likewise pay into said Swimming Pool Bond Fund the proceeds of all annual
levies now or hereafter made for the purpose of paying the principal of and interest upon
bonds of this issue.

Section 6. The Board of Commissioners shall annually at the time prescribed by law
for levying taxes for state and county purposes, levy such taxes as may be necessary, together
with the income derived from the operation of said municipal swimming pools as provided in
Section 5 hereof, fully and punctually to pay the principal of and the interest upon the
bonds of this issue as the same severally mature; provided, however, that in the event such
levy for the year 1946 does not provide funds sufficient to pay, as aforesaid, the installment
of interest to July 1, 1946, and the installment of interest and principal due January 1,

1947, such amounts or any deficiency therein, shall be paid out of the general funds of the
City of Las Vegas, to be reimbursed to said city out of the levies of said city aforesaid
when collected.

Section 7. The provisions of this Ordinance and of each of the bonds and interest
coupons issued pursuant hereto shall constitute and are declared to be a binding contract
between the City of Las Vegas and the holder from time to time thereof, and this Ordinance
shall be irreparable so long as any of said bonds are outstanding.

Section 8. Ordinance No. 296 of the City of Las Vegas, passed and adopted on the
6th day of April, 1945, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this

Ordinance are hereby repealed.
Section 9. If any section, subsection, sentence, clause or phrase of this Ordinance
is, for any reason, held to be unconstitutional or invalid, such decision shall not affect the
remaining portion of this Ordinance. The Board of Commissioners hereby declares it would have
passed this Ordinance and each section and subsection thereof, irrespective of the fact that
any one or more of the sections, subsections, sentences, clauses or phrases be declared uncon-
stitutional or invalid.

Section 10. This Ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its
adoption, approval and the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, and its final
passage.

Section 11. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed
to cause this Ordinance to be published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily news-
paper, published in the City of Las Vegas for a period of once a week for two consecutive
weeks immediately following its first reading.

This Ordinance was read for the first time proposed, considered and voted upon this
8th day of November, 1945.

Voting aye: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting Nay: None.

Absent:	None.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed regular
meeting of the Board on the 8th day of November, 1945, at which time it was proposed, considered
and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening-
Review Journal, a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once
a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And it was thereafter
read aloud to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at a regular
meeting of the Board held on the 7th day of December, 1945.

Voting aye: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting No. None.

Absent:	None.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

	) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS
EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of 2 times from Nov. 27 to Dec. 4 inclusive, being
the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Nov. 27, Dec. 4. That said
newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie___________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10
day of Dec. 1945.

____A. E. Cahlan _________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My commission Expires
Jan. 12, 1947

(SEAL)

-----oOo------
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
NO. 312

NOTE:	Ordinance 312 was read as an Emergency Ordinance twice and lost for the reason that

the vote was not unanimous. Said Ordinance is on file in the Ordinance File.

-----0O0-----

ORDINANCE NO. 313

AN ORDINANCE DEFINING GARBAGE, RUBBISH, DIRT, AND DEAD ANIMALS: REGULATING THE COLLECTION
AND DISPOSAL OF GARBAGE, RUBBISH, DIRT AND DEAD ANIMALS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS: THE FEES
TO BE PAID THEREFOR, AND MATTERS RELATING THERETO: AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION
OF THE PROVISIONS THEREOF: AND REPEALING ORDINANCES NO. 138 and NO. 267, AMD PARTS OF
ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas may, by contract or
otherwise, or in any manner said commissioners may deem necessary for the health, safety and
welfare of said inhabitants, provide for the collecting and disposal of garbage, rubbish,
dirt, and dead animals and other refuse from residences, multiple dwellings with or without
kitchen facilities, places of business and public buildings, at the expense of the City or
otherwise.

Section 2. Any person, firm or corporation entering into a contract with the City of
Las Vegas for the collecting, hauling and disposal of garbage, rubbish, dirt and dead animals
in the City of Las Vegas shall do so subject to the rules and regulations of the Board of
Health, the Charter and Ordinances of said City.

Section 3. DEFINITIONS FOR THE PURPOSE OF THIS ORDINANCE:

(a)	GARBAGE is defined as refuse, animal and vegetable matter from a kitchen, market
or store, including every refuse accumulation of animal, fruit, or vegetable matter, liquid
or otherwise, that attends preparation use, cooking, dealing in or storing of meat, fish,
fowl, fruit or vegetables, and all foul, noisome and filthy substance.

(b) RUBBISH is defined as old tin and iron cans and containers, old wood and paper
boxes, old metals, wire, rope, cordage, bottles, bags and bagging, rubber and rubber tires,
paper, wood shavings, and all used or cast off articles or material, including old plaster,
brick, cement, glass, old building material, leaves and yard trimmings.

(c)	DIRT is defined to include loose earth, ashes and manure, but exclusive of sand and
gravel that is to be used in construction work.

(d)	DEAD ANIMALS, as the term is used in this Ordinance, is defined as all dead animals
or parts thereof (including condemned meats) and not intended to be used as food for man or
animal.

(e)	GARBAGE, RUBBISH, DIRT AND DEAD ANIMALS, as defined and for the purpose of this
Ordinance, are declared to be a nuisance per se.

(f)	SCAVENGER is hereby defined to be a person or persons, firm or corporation, other
that the duly authorized agents or contractors with the City of Las Vegas, or their employees,
in the business of collecting, hauling, or transporting through the streets of the City of
Las Vegas any garbage, rubbish, or dead animals, bones or any noisome or offensive material
or matter for disposal or for any other purpose.

(g)	PLACE OF BUSINESS is hereby defined as any place of business in Las Vegas licensed
by said City, other then multiple dwellings, to conduct or carry on principally or exclusively
any pursuit or occupation for the purpose of gaining a livelihood.

(h)	PUBLIC BUILDINGS is hereby defined to be office buildings, clubs, churches, schools,
hospitals or other places of similar character.

(i)	MULTIPLE DWELLINGS is hereby defined to be two (2) or more family unit constructions

(including apartments, motels, trailer courts, and auto courts), grouped together under the

*

management of one person, firm or corporation,
(j)	RESIDENCE is hereby defined to be a building or dwelling wherein not more than one
family resides or dwells and where no business of any kind is conducted.

Section 4. It shall be unlawful for any person to throw or cause to be thrown or
deposited upon the premises or in the garbage receptacle of another any garbage, rubbish,
dirt or dead animal.

Section 5. It shall be unlawful for any person to throw or deposit or cause to be
thrown or deposited, in any street, alley, gutter or highway within the limits of the City
of Las Vegas, any dirt, rubbish, garbage or dead animal.

Section 6. It shall be unlawful for any person for the purpose of burning garbage,
rubbish, dead animals, or dirt, to kindle or maintain any bonfire or knowingly to furnish
the materials for any such fire, or to authorize any such fire to be kindled or maintained
in any garbage or rubbish receptacle, or on any street, alley, road, land or public grounds
or upon any private lot, unless a written permit so to do shall first have been secured from
the City Fire Department. Provided, however, that rubbish may be burned in an incinerator
duly approved by both the fire chief and the building inspector.

Section 7. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation other than the
City of Las Vegas or its authorized contractor, or their duly appointed agents, to collect,
haul, convey or transport any garbage, rubbish, dirt or dead animals or to interfere in any
manner with any receptacles containing garbage, rubbish, dirt or dead animals, or to remove
any such receptacle from the location where placed by the owner thereof, or to remove any of the
contents of such receptacles.

Section 8. It shall be unlawful to use any cart or vehicle for the conveyance or removal
of garbage, dirt or dead animals unless the said cart or vehicle is staunch, tight, and closely
covered with a wooden, metal or tarp cover so as wholly to prevent leakage, sifting, spilling,
drifting, blowing or smell; or to use any cart or vehicle for the conveyance or removal of dirt
or rubbish unless the said cart or vehicle be provided with a canvas cover securely fastened

over the top thereof, and be so constructed as to prevent sifting, spilling, drifting or



blowing the deposit of such dirt or rubbish or any portion thereof, in or upon the streets
through which said cart or vehicle may be driven.

Section 9. Every person, firm, association or corporation owning or managing any place

of business, public building, multiple dwelling or residence, except as provided in Section 13,

of this Ordinance shall provide a receptacle or receptacles sufficient for the depositing of all

garbage, rubbish and dirt from his, its or their premises; provided that no single receptacle

shall have a capacity in excess of 50 gallons or 6.68 cu.ft.; and no person shall remove any

such garbage, rubbish or dirt from such receptacles after it has been deposited therein except

the City of Las Vegas, its authorized agents or contractors, or their employees.

 

Section 10. Before placing garbage in the receptacle, the liquid shall be drained there-
from and the garbage shall be wrapped in paper; provided however unwrapped garbage may be placed
in metal receptacles having fly-tight lids and provided, further, such wrapped garbage may be
placed in the receptacle with rubbish.

Section II. FEES.

(a)	The charge for collecting, hauling and disposing of garbage, rubbish, dirt and
dead animals from a residence shall be $1.00 per month, payable $3.00 each and every three
months in advance but such charge may be paid annually in advance;

(b)	The charge for collecting and hauling garbage, rubbish, dirt and dead animals from
multiple dwellings where kitchen facilities are available, shall be $1.00 per month for the
first family unit, and $.50 per month for each additional family unit, payable in advance every

third month but such charge may be paid annually in advance;
(c) The charge for collecting and hauling garbage, rubbish, dirt and dead animals from
multiple dwellings where kitchen facilities are not available or where approved incinerators are
used, shall be $1.00 per month for the first family unit, and $ .25 per month for each
additional unit payable in advance, each and every three months or annually.

(d)	The monthly charge for collecting, hauling and disposing of garbage, rubbish, dirt and
dead animals from places of business and public buildings shall be determined by the capacity
of the receptacles, the number of receptacles required by each such place of business or
public building, and by the number of daily collections from each per week in accordance with
the following table:

Number of	6 Collections	7 collections

Receptacles	per week._____	per week______

1	$ 7.50	$ 9.00

2	10.00 12.00

For each additional receptacle over two there shall be added $2.50 for six collections
per week or $3.00 for seven collections per week;

Provided, however, that places of business or public buildings which only require one
receptacle having a capacity not in excess of 25 gallons, or 3.34 cubic feet the monthly rate
shall be $5.00 for six collections per week or $6.00 for seven collections per week, and
provided further that places of business or public buildings which only require one receptacle
having a capacity not in excess of 10 gallons or 1.336 cubic feet, the monthly rate shall be
$2.50 for six collections per week or $3.00 for seven collections per week, and provided
further that places of business or public buildings which only require one receptacle having
a capacity of less than five gallons or .668 cubic feet, the monthly rate shall be $1.50 for
six collections per week or $2.00 for seven collections per week.

Section 12. All such charges shall be due and payable on the first day of each January,

April, July and October, provided, however, that any multiple dwelling or place of business



that pays a license for carrying on or conducting such business shall pay such charge quarterly
in advance at the time of paying for such license.

Section 13, Places of business whose rubbish consists principally of boxes, cartons
and other items of such bulk that the placing of same in a receptacle or receptacles would
be impracticable, may provide for such rubbish to be piled on the premises of such place of
business adjacent to a street or alley, provided such boxes or cartons shall be flattened and
tied in bundles, and the monthly rate to be charged such place of business for collecting,
hauling and disposal of such rubbish shall be computed in accordance with the foregoing
table based upon the bulk of such piles.



Section 14. In case any person, firm or corporation shall fail to pay the charges for
collecting, hauling and disposing of	garbage,	rubbish, dirt and dead animals	within fifteen

days from and after the same becomes	due as herein provided,	a penalty of	10%	of such charge

shall be added thereto.



Section 15. Any person violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and, upon conviction of the same, shall be punished by a fine of
not less than Five ($5.00) Dollars, nor more than Five Hundred ($500.00) Dollars, or by
imprisonment in the City Jail until such fine	is paid at the	rate of, but	not	exceeding, Two

($2.00) Dollars for each day of such	fine, in	case such fine	is not paid,	or by imprisonment

in the City Jail for a period not to exceed thirty days, or by both such fine and imprisonment,

Section 16. Ordinance No. 133, entitled, "An Ordinance regulating the collection and
fixing and establishing rates, and compensation to be collected by any person, company or
corporation collecting garbage in the City of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance 80 entitled,

"Ah Ordinance regulating the storage and removal of garbage, offal, and refuse, animal and
vegetable matter" approved June 6, 1921, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
herewith." is hereby repealed.

Section 17. Ordinance 267 entitled, "An Ordinance defining garbage and rubbish; and re-
gulating the collection and disposal of garbage and rubbish in the City and matters relating
thereto, and providing penalties for the violation of the provisions thereof; and repealing
Ordinance 216 and Ordinances in conflict herewith." is hereby repealed.

Section 18. All Ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions of
this Ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 19. EFFECT	OF INVALIDITY		If any part, provision or section of	this	Ordinance

or the application thereof	to any person	or	circumstance shall be held invalid by any	Court

of competent jurisdiction,	the remainder	of	this Ordinance or the application of	such	part,

provision or section to any	other person	or	circumstances, shall not be effected	thereby.

Section 20. EFFECTIVE DATE - This Ordinance shall be in effect on and after its passage
adoption and publication thereof in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks
immediately following its first reading.

Section 21. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say,
once each week for a period of two weeks.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board
of City Commissioners on the 28th day of December, 1945, and referred to the following
Committee composed of Commissioners Baskin and Clark for recommendation; thereafter the said
committed reported favorable on the said Ordinance on the 7th day of January, 1946, which was
the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners;

That at said regular meeting held on the 7th day of January, 1946, the proposed Ordinance
was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the Follow -
ing vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Clark and His Honor.

Voting "No":	Commissioner Corradetti.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City
Commissioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 22nd day of
January, 1946, and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": Commissioners Bates and Corradetti.

Absent: None.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
 Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of 2 times from Jan 9 to Jan 16 inclusive, being the
issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Jan 9 - 16, 1946. That said newspaper
was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

	Signed Dick Lochrie

(SEAL)	

Subscribed and sworn to before me

this 16th day of January 1946



A. E. Cahlan. Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada. My Commission Expires Jan 12	1947
ORDINANCE NO. 314

AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO DEFRAY THE
COSTS OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND SURFACING
A CERTAIN STREET IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ACCORDING TO THE PLATS, DIAGRAMS AND ESTIMATES
OF COST THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRIBED
DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNT OF SAID ASSESSMENT AND
DESIGNATING THE LOST AND PARCELS OF LAND TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO BENEFITS, PROVIDING
FOR THE ISSUANCE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT BONDS, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

Said Ordinance was referred to a committee but has not been read. Said Ordinance is on
file in the Ordinance file.

----0O0------

ORDINANCE NO. 315

AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO DEFRAY THE
COSTS OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND SURFACING
CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ACCORDING TO THE PLATS,
DIAGRAMS AND ESTIMATES OF COST THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE LOCATION
OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNTS OF SAID ASSESSMENTS, AND DESIGNATING THE LOTS AND
PARCELS OF LAND TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO FRONTAGE, PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF SPECIAL
ASSESSMENT BONDS, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.



Said Ordinance was referred to a committee but has not been read. Said Ordinance is on
file in the Ordinance file.

----0O0----—

ORDINANCE NO. 316

AN ORDINANCE REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 226 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED AS FOLLOWS: "AN
ORDINANCE CREATING A RECREATION BOARD FOR THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, PROVIDING FOR THE
APPOINTMENT OF ITS MEMBERS, DEFINING ITS DUTIES AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1. Each and every part of Ordinance No. 226 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
repealed.

Section 2. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in the

Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of



Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say,

once each week for a period of two weeks.

Section 3. This Ordinance shall be in effect on and after its passage, adoption and
publication thereof in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately
following its first reading.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of
City Commissioners, on the 6th day of April, 1946 and referred to a committee; that
thereafter the said committee reported favorably on the said Ordinance on the 22nd day of
April, 1946 which was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that
at said regular meeting held on the 22nd day of April, 1946 the proposed Ordinance was
read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the
following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Baskin, Bates. Corradetti & his Honor Mayor Cragin
Voting "No": None
Absent: Comm. Clark
The above and foregoing Ordinance was read aloud at a regular meeting of the Board of
City Commissioners, on the 7th day of May, 1946, voted and passed by the following vote:
Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor.

Voting "No":	None

Absent: None

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochie, being first duly sworn, disposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of 2 times from April 25 to May 2, 1946 inclusive,
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: April 25 - May 2, 1946
That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed: Dick Lochrie_________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th
day of May - 1946

A. E. Cahlan______________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada,

My Commission Expires

Jan 12, 1947

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 317

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 292 entitled, "AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE PROTECTION
OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH, AND THE EXAMINATION, REGISTRATION, LICENSING AND BONDING OF PERSONS
ENGAGED IN THE BUSINESS OF PLUMBING, OR LABORING AT THE TRADE OF PLUMBING; REQUIRING A
PERMIT FOR THE INSTALLATION OR ALTERATION OF PLUMBING AND DRAINAGE SYSTEMS; CREATING THE
OFFICE OF PLUMBING INSPECTOR AND A BOARD OF PLUMBER EXAMINERS, AND PRESCRIBING THEIR DUTIES;
DEFINING CERTAIN TERMS; ESTABLISHING MINIMUM REGULATIONS FOR THE INSTALLATION, ALTERATION OR
REPAIR OF PLUMBING AND DRAINAGE SYSTEMS AND THE INSPECTION THEREOF; PROVIDING PENALTIES
FOR ITS VIOLATION AND REPEALING CONFLICTING ORDINANCES."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain, as follows:

Section 1. Section 1 of the above entitled Ordinance is hereby amended by amending
subdivision (a) of Section 137 of the Plumbing Code of the City of Las Vegas to read as
follows:

Sec. 127. HOUSE DRAIN AND HOUSE SEWER MATERIALS.

(a) The House Sewer, beginning three (3) feet outside the building line, shall be of
case iron pipe, vitrified clay pipe of approved standards, or pipe meeting the standards of
the Orangeburg pipe, except that such pipe meeting the standards of the Orangeburg pipe
shall not be installed beneath concrete slabs of any description, and provided that if such
pipe meeting the standards of Orangeburg pipe is used, it shall be installed according to
United States Government specifications or specifications supplied by the Plumbing Inspector
of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions
of this ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 3. This ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as an Emergency
Ordinance by reason of the emergency conditions existing in the need for Veteran housing
and it shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 4. The City Clerk is hereby directed to cause this Ordinance to be published
in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal a newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say once each week
for a period of two weeks.
The foregoing proposed Ordinance was read aloud for the first time and voted upon at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of the Board of City Commissioners on the 11th day
of April, 1946.

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti, & His Honor Mayor Cragin
Passed:	Commissioner Bates

Voting "No": None
Absent: None

The foregoing proposed Ordinance was read aloud the second time, voted upon and passed by
unanimous consent at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners on the
11th day of April, 1946.

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti, & His Honor Mayor Cragin
Voting "No": None
Absent: None

Passed:	Commissioner Bates

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS
EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of 2 times from April 13 to April 20 inclusive,
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: April 13-20-1946
That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed______Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23rd
day of April, 1946

____A. E. Cahlan_________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires:

Jan 12, 1947 (SEAL)

ORDINANCE NO. 318

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS TO MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING COMPLETE STREET
LIGHTING UNITS WITH PARKWAY CABLE AND ORNAMENTAL STANDARDS ALONG CERTAIN STREETS AND
PORTIONS OF STREETS IN SAID CITY; PROVIDING THAT THE COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE
PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOST INCLUDED WITHIN THE SPECIAL
ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO BENEFITS, EXCEPT WHERE, BY THE CHARTER
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CERTAIN PORTIONS THEREOF ARE REQUIRED TO BE PAID FROM THE
GENERAL FUND OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby declares its
determination to make the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, in accordance
with the plats, diagrams, and estimates of costs on file in the office of the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas:

To install complete street lighting units with parkway cable and ornamental standards
in, over, and along all the streets embraced within those subdivisions in the City of Las
Vegas known as Biltmore Addition, Biltmore Addition Annex No. 1, and Biltmore Addition Annex
No. 2.

Section 2. The cost and expense of making the improvements described in Section 1 of
this Ordinance shall be paid by special assessment to be made according to benefits upon
the taxable lots and premises situate in the special assessment districts hereby created
and composed of the following lands:

All the taxable lots and premises included within and constituting the subdivision known
as Biltmore Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown on a plat thereof on file in
the office of the Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 2 of plats, on Page 33,

All the taxable lots and premises included within and constituting the subdivision known
as Biltmore Addition Annex No. 1 to Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown on a plat thereof on file in
the office of the Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 2 of Flats, on Page 40.

All the taxable lots and premises included within and constituting the subdivision known
as Biltmore Addition Annex No. 2, to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown on a plat thereof
on file in the office of the Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 2 of Plats, on Page 46,

That certain parcel of land contiguous to the Biltmore Addition to the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, and fronting on the southerly side of Bonanza Road from the easterly line of North
Main Street to the westerly line of Biltmore Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,

except where by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required
to be paid from the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall keep the plats, diagrams and
estimates of costs, on file in her office for public inspection, and the Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall give notice thereof and of the proposed
improvements, of the location thereof, and of the district to be assessed, by publication
for two weeks, that is to say, once a week for two successive weeks, that is to say, once a
week for two successive weeks, in the Las Vegas Evening-Review Journal, a daily newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas, by posting notices of the same in at least three public
places near the site of the proposed improvements. The notices shall also state the time
when the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will meet and consider any
suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed
improvements.

Section 4. This Ordinance shall be in force and effect upon its publication, as in
the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas shall cause this Ordinance No. 318 to be published once a week for two successive
weeks, immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening-
Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.
The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board
of City Commissioners on the 22nd day of June, 1946, and referred to the following committee
composed of Commissioners Corradetti & Bates for recommendation; thereafter the said
committ reported favorably on the said Ordinance on the 5th day of July. 1946, which was
the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that as said regular meeting
held on the 5th day of July. 1946, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the Board
of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti & His Honor

Voting "Nay": None

Absent: Comm. Baskin

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of
City Commissioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the
22nd day of July, 1946, and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti & His Honor Mayor Cragin
Voting "Nay": None
Absent: Commissioner Clark

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS
EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of 2 times from July 10, 1946 to July 17, 1946
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Jy 10-17
That said Newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie____________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 51st
day of July, 1946

_____A. E. Cahlan ________ ______

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires

Jan. 12, 1947	(SEAL)

-----oOo-----

ORDINANCE NO. 319

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 6, SECTION 8, AS AMENDED, AND SECTION 9, AS AMENDED, OF
ORDINANCE NO. 165 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT GAMING
AND OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A LICENSE
THEREFOR, REGULATING THE SAME, FIXING THE AMOUNT OF SUCH LICENSE, PROVIDING A PENALTY
THEREFOR, REPEALING ORDINANCES NOS. 77, -82, -88, -103, -and 115, and ALL ORDINANCES AND
PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH."

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Section 6 of Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended

to read as follows;
All applications for licenses, as in this ordinance provided, shall state the
applicants business and the location thereof, a complete description of the particular room
and premises in which the licensee desires to carry on, operate or conduct such slot machine,
device or game, together with the location of the building, its street number, if such there
be, and any other information by which it may be definitely and readily located and recognized,
the name in full of the applicant, and in case of a co-partnership or association shall state
the name in full of each and all of the co-partners or associates, and in case of a corporation,
the names of the officers and managers thereof. The person, firm, association or corporation
so applying for a license shall state definitely the particular type and class of slot
machine, any one of which the license desires to operate and conduct in said room and
premises, or other particular game or device which the licensee desires to operate and conduct
in said room and premises, and as so stated the same shall be specifically described in and
entered upon said license.

Section 2. Section 8, as amended, of Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby amended to read as follows:

Stud poker and draw poker, for money, shall be licenses at the rate of $50.00 per
quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

Panguingue, for money, shall be licensed at the rate of $30.00 per quarter, payable
quarterly in advance.

Bridge, whist and solo, for money, shall be licensed at the rate of $15.00 per quarter,
payable quarterly in advance.

Roulette, "21", Hazard, Craps, Faro Bank, Wheels of Fortune, Big Six Wheels and
Race Horse Books shall pay a license fee of $100.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

Each slot machine, except penny machines, shall pay a license fee of $20.00 per
quarter, payable quarterly in advance, for each handle on said slot machine. The license
for penny slot machines shall be $50.00 per quarter for each handle on said penny machine.

The game of Keno, Bingo, Tango or Bank Keno shall be licensed at the rate of $50.00
per quarter, payable quarterly in advance and in addition thereto shall pay a license fee
or charge of $1.50 per quarter per chair for each chair used in the conduct of said game.

Race Horse Keno shall be licensed at the rate of $250.00 per quarter, payable
quarterly in advance.

The licenses above mentioned shall entitle the holder or holders or his or their
employee or employees, to carry on, conduct and operate any one slot machine of only the
specific type and class, or only such other specific game or device, for which said license
is issued, and only in the particular room and premises described therein, for a period
ending with the quarter within which the license was issued; provided that no license shall
be granted for any portion of any quarter for a sum less than the full quarterly license fee,
and the end of each quarter shall be the last days of March, June, September and December of
each year; provided further that the licensee shall be entitled to carry on, conduct, and
operate two or more slot machines, games or devices mentioned in this section and in Section
1, of this Ordinance, in the same room, upon the payment of the license fees herein provided
for and the issuance of a license in the manner and upon the authority, and upon the
conditions and restrictions in this Ordinance provided as on an application for an original
license. Each license shall specify upon the fact thereof the name of the licensee, and a
complete description identifying the particular room or premises in which the licensee
intends to carry on, conduct or operate the slot machine, game or device mentioned in this
section and in Section 1 of this Ordinance, and shall specify the particular type and
class of slot machine, or other particular game or device, by name. Any license issued
under the provisions of this Ordinance shall not be transferable by the licensee to any
other person, firm, association or corporation, and shall be valid only for the particular
room and premises described therein and the designated number of slot machines of the
specified type and class, or other specified games or devices for which it is issued. No
license money paid under this Ordinance shall be refunded whether the operation of the slot
machine, game or device for which any license was issued has been voluntarily terminated or
the license has been revoked under the provisions of this Ordinance, or for any other
reason. The license fees herein provided shall be in addition to those collected by the
Sheriff of Clark County or any other authority.

Section 3. Section 9, as amended, of Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas
is hereby amended to read as follows:

Any licensee holding a valid existing license from the City of Las Vegas for a
current quarter, may, during such current quarter, secure a license for additional slot
machines, games or devices, over and above the particular number of slot machines, games or
devices for which he or it holds or they hold a license, for the remainder of the quarter,
upon the payment to the City Clerk of the license fees provided for in Section 8 of this
Ordinance, for the additional slot machine, game or device, and the issuance of a license
in the manner and upon the authority, and upon the conditions and restrictions in this
Ordinance provided as on an application for an original license, and such additional
license shall be valid for the remainder of such quarter.

Section 4. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances insofar as they are in conflict
with the provisions of this Ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 5. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication
as in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 6. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas shall cause this Ordinance No. 319 to be published once a week for two
successive weeks, immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas
Evening-Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the
Board of City Commissioners on the 22nd day of June, 1946, and referred to the following
committed composed of Commissioners Baskin & Bates for recommendation; thereafter the
said committee reported favorable on the said Ordinance on the 5th day of July, 1946, which
was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at said regular
meeting held on the 5th day of July, 1946, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the
Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following votes:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti & His Honor

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Comm. Baskin
The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City
Commissioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 22nd day
of July, 1946, and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, & His Honor Mayor Cragin
Voting "Nay": None
Absent: Commissioner Clark

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS
EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of 2 times from July 10, 1946 to July 17, 1946
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 10-17-
That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed: Dick Lochrie____________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 51st
day of July, 1946.

A. E. Cahlan_______________

Notary Public in and Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires

Jan 12, 1947

ORDINANCE NO. 520

AN ORDINANCE CREATING THE OFFICE OF SUPERINTENDENT OF CEMETERIES; DEFINING HIS POWERS AND
DUTIES; PROVIDING FOR THE SALE OF LOTS, THE SUPERVISION, MANNER AND CONDITIONS OF BURIALS
AND DISINTERMENTS AND THE PLACING OF HEADSTONES, TOMBSTONES, MONUMENTS AND MARKERS, THE
CARE AND MAINTENANCE OF LOTS OR GARVES AND THE CEMETERY GROUNDS, THE MAINTENANCE OF GOOD
ORDER AND THE PRESERVATION OF CEMETERY PROPERTY, AND THE SUPERVISION, MANAGEMENT, AND
CONTROL OF MUNICIPAL CEMETERIES AND THEIR AFFAIRS; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR VIOLATION OF THE
PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDINANCE; REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 56; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY
RELATING THERETO.

The BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS of the City of Las Vegas DO ORDAIN as follows:

Section 1. The office of Superintendent of Cemeteries is hereby created. The City
Manager shall appoint a suitable person qualified to administer the affairs of such office
whose duties shall include the sale of lots, the direction and supervision of interments
and the setting of headstones and markers, the care and maintenance of cemetery grounds, and,
generally, the supervision and control of municipal cemeteries and their affairs in accordance
with the provisions of this Ordinance and the orders and resolutions passed and adopted from
time to time by the Board of Commissioners. He shall receive as compensation such sum as
shall be fixed and determined by the Board of Commissioners, and shall be allowed such
assistants and employees, to be appointed by the City Manager, and for such compensation as
the Board of Commissioners shall from time to time prescribe.

Section 2. The Superintendent of Cemeteries shall maintain and conduct his offices
and have and maintain living quarters at the municipal cemetery and they shall be such as
the Board of Commissioners shall prescribe. He shall have the sue of the living quarters
so provided at no expense to himself.

Section 5. The Superintendent of Cemeteries shall take charge of the municipal
cemeteries, improve the grounds thereof and keep them in an orderly condition under the
direction of the City Manager and as the Board of Commissioners shall prescribe. He shall
keep a plat of the cemeteries showing the avenues and paths therein, together with the
lots for burial purposes, and shall place temporary grave markers on each grave, and keep
in his office a map showing the exact location of each grave. He shall, whenever requested
by duly constituted official authority and by the owners of lots in the cemetery, furnish
the true lines of lots according to the plats and maps on file in his office, and shall
prevent and prohibit the marking of any lots or graves, except official landmarks and
temporary grave markers as in this section provided, and shall prevent and prohibit such
grading as would later or destroy the general topography of the land of the cemetery.

Section 4. The Superintendent of Cemeteries shall at all times keep all papers and
documents used in connection with the affairs of the municipal cemeteries on file in his
office, and shall keep at all times a full, accurate, and complete record and account,
in books secured for that purpose, of the affairs and transactions of the municipal
cemeteries, of all moneys received by him from the sale of lots and as fees for interment
and other services, and all other funds received by him from whatever source and for
whatever purpose in connection with the affairs of the municipal cemeteries, and shall
render monthly written reports thereon to the Board of Commissioners, and at such other
times as the Board shall direct. He shall each day turn over all moneys by him received
as herein provided to the City Treasurer and receive a receipt therefor.

Section 5. The Superintendent of Cemeteries shall supervise and negotiate the
sale of lots in the municipal cemeteries according to the schedule of prices and upon the
terms, conditions, rules and regulations, as are adopted from time to time by the Board of
Commissioners. In such cases where lots are sold under the installment or delayed payment
plan, he shall deliver to the purchaser a Certificate of Purchase describing the lot sold
and setting forth the terms of sale, and all payments shall be entered thereon as and when
made until the balance of the purchase price is paid in full, whereupon, and in all other
cases where the purchase price is paid in full, he shall deliver to the purchaser a Deed
of Conveyance duly executed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas and attested to by the
City Clerk. Every Certificate of Purchase and Deed of Conveyance shall, in addition to
such other recitals as are necessary to their validity, recite the further condition that
the ownership, use, and care of the lot or grave is subject always to such rules and
regulations as the Board of Commissioners might adopt from time to time, and the
Superintendent of Cemeteries shall retain for his files a copy of every Certificate of
Purchase and Deed of Conveyance so delivered.

Section 6. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to bury or
cause to be buried the body of a deceased person in the municipal cemetery unless the lot
wherein the burial is to be made has been paid for in full and a cemetery deed has been
executed and delivered therefor.

Section 7. No interment shall be made in the municipal cemeteries, other than
indigents, except in a casket enclosed in an outside burial case of wood, steel or
concrete, and all outside wood burial cases shall be at lease one and three quarters (1 3/4)
inches in thickness, or what is commonly known as a double top box. No interment shall be
made on New Year's Day, July 4th, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day, except
upon the written order of the Health Department of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 8. The Superintendent of Cemeteries shall require the production of a permit
from the Health Department before any burial or disinterment, and after such burial or
disinterment he shall endorse upon the permit the title of the plat, and the block and lot
number where the burial or from which the disinterment took place, and shall return such
permit or a certified copy thereof to the Health Department.

Section 9. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, or corporation to bury or
disinter or cause to be buried or disinterred the body of a deceased person except under
the direction of the Superintendent of Cemeteries and with the written permit of the
Health Department and written order of the owner of the lot or grave, or the written order
of the nearest next of kin if the body be that of the owner of the lot or grave.
Section 10.	It	shall be unlawful for any	person, firm or	corporation	to bury or

cause to be buried	the	body of a deceased person	anywhere within	the corporate limits of the

City of Las Vegas, except in the municipal cemetery or such other place as is duly set aside,
constituted, and designated by law as burial grounds, without the written consent of the City
Manager given with the approval of the majority vote of the Board of Commissioners.

Section 11. All headstones, tombstones, markers or monuments, other than those re-
quired by Section 3 of this Ordinance, to be placed on graves shall be of the flat type and
not more than four and one half (4½) feet along the width of the grave nor more than two and
one-half (2½) feet along the length thereof, and shall not extend more than three (3) inches
above the surface of the ground. No marker, headstone, tombstone or monument shall be placed
on any unoccupied grave or part thereof in that section of the municipal cemeteries known as
the Woodlawn Cemetery Annex No. 1.

Section 12.	It	shall be unlawful for any	person, firm or	corporation	to injure or

deface, or cause to	be	injured or defaced, any headstone, tombstone, marker,	monument, tree,

shrub, or any other property in the municipal cemeteries.

Section 13. No flowers, shrubs, or trees shall be planted in the municipal cemeteries,
except in concrete depressions constructed and provided therefor in accordance with the
instructions and under the supervision of the Superintendent of Cemeteries, and such planting
shall be done in accordance with the instructions and under the supervision of the Super-
intendent of Cemeteries and shall be cared for by the owner or such other person, firm, or
corporation as may have done the planting or caused the same to be done. No grave shall
have more than three (3) such depressions for planting, and no flower, shrub, or three shall
be allowed to grow higher than three (3) feet or gain a girth of more than two (2) feet, and
if such flower, shrub, or tree shall at any time exceed these dimensions it shall be removed
by the Superintendent of Cemeteries.

Section 14. It shall be unlawful for any person to ride or drive any vehicle within
the limits of the municipal cemeteries at a rate of speed in excess of five (5) miles per
hour.

Section 15. It shall be unlawful for any person to bring into or upon the grounds of
the municipal cemeteries any dog, cat, or other animal, or for the owner of any such dog,
cat, or other animal, which may have entered the cemetery grounds in any way whatever, to
allow the same to remain if its presence therein is known to the owner, provided, however,
that if such dog, cat, or other animal enters upon the cemetery grounds with its owner or any
other person in a motor vehicle or other enclosed means of transportation and is securely
leashed in such vehicle or other means of transportation so as not to permit of its escape
therefrom, it shall be allowed to remain upon the cemetery grounds while so leashed in such
vehicle or other means of transportation while its owner or other person whom it accompanied
remains at such cemetery.

Section 16. All funds received under a contract for the perpetual care of lots in
the municipal cemeteries shall not be used for any other purpose than to provide the
perpetual care mentioned in the contract, and such funds shall be invested in or reinvested
in Bonds of the United States, the State of Nevada, or other States of the Union, or the
Bonds of Counties or Municipalities of the Union, providing that pending such investment
as herein provided such funds may be deposited in any savings bank in this state.
Section 17. Violation of any provision of this Ordinance shall be deemed a
misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof, shall be punishable by a fine of not less than
five dollars ($5.00) nor more than five hundred dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment for
not less than two and one-half (2½) days, nor more than six (6) months, or by both such
fine and imprisonment.

Section 18. Ordinance No. 56 of the City of Las Vegas and each and every part
thereof, is hereby repealed.

Section 19. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication
as in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 20. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to cause this Ordinance No. 320 to be
published once a week for two consecutive weeks, immediately following its first reading
and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the
Board of City Commissioners on the 5th day of July, 1946, and referred to the following
committee composed of Commissioners Corradetti & Clark for recommendation; thereafter
the said committee reported favorably on the said Ordinance on the 22nd day of July,
1946, which was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at
said regular meeting held on the 22nd day of July, 1946, the proposed Ordinance was read
in full tb the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced, and adopted by the
following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, & His Honor Mayor Cragin
Voting "Nay": None

Absent: Commissioners Baskin & Clark

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of
City Commissioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the
7th day of August, 1946, and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Corradetti & His Honor Mayor Cragin
Voting "Nay": None
Absent: Commissioner Clark
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS
EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of 2 times from Jy 25 to Aug 1- inclusive, being
the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Jy 25 - Aug 1-
That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie_____________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th
day of Aug. 1946

A. E. Cahlan_______

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires
Jan 12, 1947

ORDINANCE NO. 321

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
TO MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS! IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY IMPROVING WITH ASPHALT SURFACE CERTAIN
GRAVEL STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN SAID CITY: PROVIDING THAT THE COSTS AND EXPENSE THEREOF
SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL LOTS INCLUDED WITHIN THE SPECIAL IMPROVEMENT
DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO BENEFITS, EXCEPT WHERE, BY THE CHARTER OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS CERTAIN PORTIONS THEREOF ARE REQUIRED TO BE PAID FROM THE GENERAL FUND OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS; AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby declares its
determination to make the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas in accordance with
the plats, diagrams, and estimates of costs on file in the office of the City Clerk of the
City of Las Vegas:

To install asphalt street paving in, over, and along all gravel streets embraced
within those subdivisions in the City of Las Vegas, known as Biltmore Addition Annex #1 and
Biltmore Addition Annex #2, (Tiffendale)

Section 2. The cost and expense of making the improvements described in Section 1
of this Ordinance shall be paid by Special Assessment to be made according to benefits upon
the taxable lots and premises situated in the Special Assessment Districts hereby created and
composed of the following lands:

All the taxable lots and premises included within and constituting the subdivisions
known as Biltmore Addition Annex #1 to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown on a plat thereof
on file in the office of the Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 2 of Plats on Page 40,

All the taxable lots and premises included within and constituting the subdivisions known as
Biltmore Addition Annex #2, to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada as shown on a plat thereof on file
in the office of the Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 2 of Plats on Page 46,

Except where by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, certain portions thereof are
required to be paid from the General Funds of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall keep the plats, diagrams
and estimates of costs on file in her office for public inspection and the Clerk of the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall give notice thereof and of the proposed improve-
ments, of the location thereof, and of the district to be assessed, by publication for two
weeks, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, by posting notices of the same in at least
three public places in each ward and also by posting a notice in or near the Post Office of the
city, and posting notices in three public places near the site of the proposed improvements.
The notices shall also state the time when the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas will meet and consider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties
in interest to the proposed improvement.

Section 4. This Ordinance shall be in force and effect upon its publication as
in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas shall cause this Ordinance No. 321, to be published once a week for two consecutive
weeks, immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the
Board of City Commissioners on the 7th day of September, 1946, and referred to the following
committee composed of Commissioners Clark and Bates for recommendation; thereafter the said
committee reported favorably on the said Ordinance on the 21st day of September , 1946,
which was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at said regular
meeting held on the 21st day of September, 1946, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to
the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent: Commissioner Clark

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS
EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of 2 times from Sept. 24, 1946 to Oct. 1, 1946
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Sept. 24-
Oct. 1-1946. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie_______________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th
day of October, 1946

A. E. Cahlan________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires
Jan. 12, 1947
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 322

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 10 OF ORDINANCE NO. 264 OF THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS ENTITLED "AN
ORDINANCE OF THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ESTABLISHING A RESIDENCE DISTRICT, IN-
DUSTRIAL AND COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS, WITHIN THE SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DEFINING SUCH DISTRICTS;
DECLARING IT UNLAWFUL TO ERECT, ESTABLISH, MAINTAIN OR OPERATE CERTAIN FACTORIES, WORKS OR
ESTABLISHMENTS WITHIN SAID RESIDENCE DISTRICTS AND SAID COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS; REGULATING THE
THE ERECTION, ESTABLISHMENT, MAINTENANCE, OPERATION AND REBUILDING OF CERTAIN WORKS OR ESTAB-
LISHMENTS IN SAID DISTRICTS; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF SAID ORDINANCE, AND RE-
PEALING ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH".

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Due to the rapid growth of the City of Las Vegas and the consequent
unabated influx and establishment of industry and business, an emergency exists in the need
to guide and control an orderly and safe arrangement of industrial establishments and
prohibit certain of them within the City for the purpose of safe-guarding the health,
welfare, and safety of its inhabitants and effectuating the esthetic consideration planned
in its development.

Section 2. Section 10 of Ordinance No. 264 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
amended to read as follows:

Section 10. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation
to erect, establish, operate, carry on, or maintain any industrial
plant, factory, works or establishment within the City of Las Vegas,
other than such uses specifically prohibited as defined herein, except
within the boundaries of the said industrial districts.

1.	For the purpose of this ordinance Industry is defined as the
manufacturing, fabrication, processing, reduction or destruction of any
article, substance or commodity, or any other treatment there-of in such
a manner as to change the form or character thereof, including, in addi-
tion the following; bottling works; building materials or contractor's
yards; cleaning and dying establishments employing five persons or more;
creameries; junk yards; steam and/or power laundries; lumber yards;
milk bottling or distributing stations; stock yards; storage elevators;
truck or bus storage yards; warehouses and wholesale storage; carpenter,
mill work and plumbing shops; tin smith or sheet metal shops; electrical
shops; automobile body and fender repairing; machine shops; and any
kind of manufacture, treatment or processing of products purely inci-
dental to the conduct of a retail business when conducted on the pre-
mises of such retail business and occupying more than twenty (20) per-
cent of the floor space thereof.

2.	The following uses shall be excluded in said Industrial Districts
or anywhere within the City of Las Vegas?

a. The manufacture; processing; compounding or treatment of any
chemical; acid; gas or products thereof; gunpowder; fireworks, ex-
plosives; fertilizer; glue; potash; paint, oil, shellac, turpentine
or varnish; soap; petroleum; tar distillation or products; wood
distillation; oil cloth or oiled products; plastics; rubber or
gutta percha products.

b.	The processing of organic or animal products, including fish;
or any organic refuse or garbage; slaughter houses and packing
houses (except poultry and rabbits); tanning, curing or storage of
rawhides or skins; tallow, grease or lard manufacture or refining or
rendering from animal fat; crematory.

c.	Refuse dumps; livestock feed yards; stock yards; hog farm;
incineration or reduction of garbage, dead animals offal or refuse;
animal hospitals.

d.	Commercial excavation; brick, tile or terra cotta manufacture
(except handcrafts products only); rock crusher, stone mill or
quarry; cement, lime, gypson or plaster of paris manufacture;
central mixing plant for cement, mortar, plaster or paving materials
including asphalt and bituminous materials or products.

e.	Smelters; blast furnace; ore reduction; boiler or tank works;
forge plant or rolling mills; foundry; metal fabrication plant.

f. Salvage or junk yard only when conducted in a building enclosed
by a fence in such a manner as may be specified by the planning
commission.

g.	All other uses which, in the opinion of the Planning Commission
are of such a nature as to be or become similarly objectionable,
offensive or obnoxious to property owners or residents of adjacent
residential and commercial districts by reason of the emission of
odors, fumes, gases, dust, smoke, soot, noise, vibration or other
reason.

Section 3. This Ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as an emer-
gency ordinance and it shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication.
Section 4. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this
ordinance published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas for a period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at
a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the
7th day of November , 1946, and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon the second
reading on said last mentioned date, on the following vote:

Voting "Aye", Commissioners ___________Bates , Clark, Corradetti_______________________

________and His Honor__________________________________________________

Voting "No":________________________None_______________________________________________

Absent:	_________________Commissioner Baskin______________________________________

/s/ E. W. Cragin	______

Mayor

ATTEST: HELEN SCOTT REED, City Clerk

By /s/ Shirley Ballinger__________

Deputy City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS
EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of 2 times from November 8 to November 15 inclusive,
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Nov. 8-15. That said
newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed_ Dick Lochrie__________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th
day of Nov-1946

A. E. Cahlan____________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires

Jan. 12, 1947

(SEAL)

ORDINANCE NO. 323

AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO DEFRAY THE
COST OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND SURFACING A
CERTAIN STREET IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ACCORDING TO THE PLATS, DIAGRAMS AND ESTIMATES OF
COST THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRIBING
DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNT OF SAID ASSESSMENT AND DE-
SIGNATING THE LOTS AND PARCELS OF LAND TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO BENEFITS, PROVIDING FOR
THE ISSUANCE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT BONDS, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS of the City of Las Vegas DO ORDAIN as follows:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the cost of making certain improvements
in the City of Las Vegas by grading for and surfacing with two-inch (2") asphaltic concrete
surfacing material upon Third Place from the south edge of the present street improvements
on Charleston Boulevard, according to the plats, diagrams and estimates of cost heretofore
prepared and adopted by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and on file in
the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the
City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to make, forthwith, a special
assessment in the total amount of One thousand eight hundred twelve Dollars and Eighty-five
cents ($1,812.85), and to levy such assessment according to benefits against the owners and
upon the taxable lots and premises situate in the special assessment district created by
Ordinance No. 295 of the City of Las Vegas and composed of Lots 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10,

11 and 12 of Beckley Subdivision to Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown in Book 2 of Plats, Page 24,
provided, however, that in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such
lot or premises exceed twenty (20%) per cent of the value of such lot or premises as shown
upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County Taxation, but such costs in
excess of twenty (20%) per cent shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the

General Fund.
Section 2. The ex-officio City Assessor shall prepare an assessment roll in the
manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and shall assess each lot and parcel
of land embraced within the aforementioned special assessment district such relative portion
of the whole sum to be levied as snail be proportionate to the estimated benefit resulting to
such lot or parcel of land from the improvement.

Section 3. After the special assessment roll, as herein provided for, shall have
been prepared and completed, the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall report the same to the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and thereafter it shall be filed in the office of
the City Clerk and numbered, and the Board of Commissioners shall cause notice thereof to the
persons whose names appear upon the assessment roll, and to all others interested therein, to
be published for at least two weeks in some newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, of
the time when the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to review
the assessments, and any person objecting to the assessments may file his objection thereto
with the City Clerk.

Section 4. At the time appointed for reviewing the assessments, the Board of Com-
missioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet and give all persons interested an
opportunity to be heard, and shall consider any and all objections that may be filed with the
City Clerk, and then, or at some adjourned meeting, shall review the assessments and correct
the same and conform it as corrected, or confirm it as reported, or annul it and direct a new
assessment to be made.

Section 5. When the assessments shall be confirmed as herein provided it shall
be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to the County Assessor,
acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the Assessment Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners,
with his certificate of such confirmation ana of the date thereof. The County Assessor, Acting
Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record such Assessment
Roll in his office and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording, where-
upon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents of such assess-
ment roll, and it shall be prima facia evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity

of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment



and assessment roll. After the assessment roll has been confirmed and recorded, the several
amounts levied thereon shall become at once due and payable and shall constitute and be a lien
upon the respective lots and parcels of land and improvements assessed and shall be charged
against the persons and properties until paid.

Section 6. All assessments when due and payable, as in this ordinance provided,
shall be paid to the County Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Receiver, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and Ex-Officio Treasurer and Tax Receiver of the City of Las Vegas, and be by that
officer paid into and credited to the special fund to be known as and called "Las Vegas 1945
Third Place Street Fund".

Section 7. All costs and expenses incurred in making the improvements shall be
charged to and paid out of said fund, provided, however, that all monies drawn on the General
Fund of the City of Las Vegas to defray any of the costs and expenses of making the improve-
ments or, if it shall become necessary to draw upon the general Fund to defray any of the cost
and expenses of the improvements, except as otherwise provided by the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas, the General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds from the "Las Vegas 1945
Third Place Street Fund" as soon as conditions of the same will permit. and provided further
that where there shall be lands belonging to the City of public grounds not taxable, abutting
on such improvements, or such improvements shall be made upon interior spaces opposite alleys
and squares and spaces formed by the intersection of streets, such part of the expense of the
improvements as estimated by the assessor to be justly apportionable to such public ground,
the City property, and to any interior spaces opposite alleys, and squares and spaces formed
by the intersection of streets shall be paid from the General Fund and borne by the City of
Las Vegas, and the balance of such expense shall be assessed upon the taxable lots included
in such special assessment district in proportion to the estimated benefits resulting thereto
from the improvement.

Section 8. That if, after the expiration of fifty (50) days from the date of the
confirmation and recording of the assessment roll, there shall remain due and unpaid any part
of the special assessment contained in the assessment roll, the Board of Commissioners shall
within a reasonable time thereafter provide by Ordinance for the issuance of bonds for the
amount of the unpaid assessments, in accordance with the provisions of "An Act to Authorize
Municipal Improvements for Which Special Assessments are Levied." Approved March 13, 1909,
as amended, and also in don conformity with the provisions of the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas.

Section 9. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication
as in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 10. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to cause this Ordinance No 323 to be p
published once a week for two consecutive weeks, immediately following its first reading
and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

s/ W. Cragin_______________________

Mayor

Attest: s/ Helen Scott Reed___________

City Clerk.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read aloud by title to the Board
of the City Commissioners on the 7th day of December, 1946, and referred to the following
committee composed of Commissioners Bates and Clark for recommendation; thereafter the said
committee reported favorably on the said Ordinance on the 21st day of December, 1946, which
was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at said regular meet-
ings held on the 21st day of December, 1946, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the
Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners _________Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti & His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None_____________________________________________________________________________

Absent:	None_________________

Attest:	s/ Helen Scott Reed	Approved:	s/ E. Cragin _____________________

City Clerk	Mayor

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Com-

missioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 7th day of

January, 1947.

Voting aye: Commissioners ________Clark, Corradetti & Mayor Cragin_____________________________

Voting Nay:______none_________________________

Absent:	Baskin & Bates___________________

Attest:	s/ Helen Scott Reed________ Approved:	s/ E. W. Cragin_________________
ORDINANCE No. 324

NOTE: This ordinance was read, but never published; therefore, is not good.

----oOo----

ORDINANCE No. 325

AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT GAMING AND OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A LICENSE THEREFOR; REGULATING THE SAME; FIXING THE AMOUNT OF LIC-
ENSE FEES; PROVIDING THE PENALTY FOR VIOLATIONS THEREOF; REPEALING ORDINANCES No. 77, 82,

88, 103, 115, 165, 245, 271, 287, and 319, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN
CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation,
either as owner, lessee, or employee, whether for hire or not, to deal, operate, carry on,
conduct, maintain, or expose for play, within the City of Las Vegas, any game of faro, monte,
roulette, keno, fan-tan, twenty-one, stud poker, draw poker, or any banking or percentage
game played with cards, dice, or any mechanical device or machine, for money, property,
checks, credit, or any representative of value; or any gambling game in which any person,
firm, association or corporation keeping, conducting, managing, or permitting the same to
be carried on, receives, directly or indirectly, any compensation or reward, or any per-
centage or share of the money or property played, for keeping, running, carrying on, or
permitting the said game to be carried on; or to play, maintain, or keep any slot machine
played for money, for checks or tokens redeemable in money or property, without having
first procured a license for the same as hereinafter provided; and provided further, that
no alien, or any person except a citizen of the United States, shall be issued a license,
or shall directly or indirectly own, operate or control any game or device so licensed.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation to
knowingly permit any of the slot machines, games or devices mentioned in Section 1 of this
Ordinance to be conducted, operated, dealt or carried on in any house or building owned by
him, her or it, in whole or in part, except by a person, firm, association or corporation
who has received a license as herein provided, or his employee.

Section 3. For the purposes of this Ordinance, the term game or games shall be con-
strued to mean and include all games or devices herein mentioned and any slot machine or
slot machines played for money or for checks or tokens redeemable in money or property.

Section 4. Nothing in this Ordinance shall be construed to prohibit social games
played solely for drinks or cigars served individually, or games played in private homes
or residences for prizes, or nickel-in-the-slot machines operated solely for cigars or
drinks.

Section 5. No game, slot machine or gambling device, as enumerated in Section 1 and
defined in Section 3 of this Ordinance, for which a license has been issued, shall be con-
ducted, maintained or operated within the City of Las Vegas except within the district
thereof bounded by the east side of Main Street, the south side of Stewart Avenue, the
west side of Second Street, and the north side of Carson Avenue, and no license shall be
issued to conduct, maintain or operate such game, slot machine or gambling device except
within said district, provided that a license may be issued for the conduct, only upon
the street floor thereof and in conformity with all the requirements of the provisions of
of this Ordinance, and provided further, that a license may be issued for the operation of
a slot machine outside of said district to the owner of any other regularly established
and duly licensed business and such slot machine shall be operated and maintained in and
at said place of business and in accordance with all the requirements of this Ordinance.

Section 6. All applications for licenses or renewals thereof, shall be made by peti-
tion to the Board of City Commissioners by filing the same with the City Clerk, who shall
immediately refer each such application to the Board of City Commissioners at or before
the next meeting thereof after receipt of such petition by him. The same may be acted
upon by said Board at any regular, or recessed regular meeting of such Board of City Com-
missioners. A majority vote of the members present shall be necessary to authorize the
issuance or renewal of any license at any such meeting.

Section 7. All applications for licenses, as in this Ordinance provided, shall state
the applicants business and the location thereof, a complete description of the particular
room and premises in which the licensee desires to carry on, operate Or conduct such slot
machine, device or game, together with the location of the building, its street number, if
such there be, and any other information by which it may be definitely and readily located
and recognized, the name in full of the applicant, and in case of a co-partnership or
association shall state the name in full of each and all of the co-partners or associates,
and in case of a corporation, the names of the officers and managers thereof. The person,
firm, association or corporation so applying for a license shall state definitely the par-
ticular type and class of slot machine, any one of which the licensee desires to operate



and conduct in said room and premises, or other particular game or device which the lic-
ensee desired to operate and conduct in said room and premises, and as so stated the same

shall be specifically described and entered upon said license.



Section 8. The Board of Commissioners, in the exercise of its discretion, may limit
the number of licenses, and may refuse to grant or
renew the license provided for in this Ordinance to any person, firm, association, or
corporation, and may suspend or revoke, without notice, any license granted hereunder, if,
in its judgment or discretion, it should appear to them that the applicant or licensee
is not a proper person, firm, association or corporation to operate or conduct the slot
machine, device or game for which the license is applied or has been granted, that the
licensee has not properly and fairly conducted such slot machine, device or game, has
violated any of the provisions of this Ordinance, or has engaged in such practices in
connection with the conduct and operation of the slot machine, device or game and so
maintained the premises wherein they are being operated as to be detrimental to the gaming
business in the City of Las Vegas and prejudicial to the public welfare, and every such
licensee accepts the license subject to the right of suspension and revocation without notice
and subject to all the conditions and provisions of this Ordinance. Upon such revocation
the City of Las Vegas shall be entitled to retain the license fee theretofore paid for such
license.

Section 9. Stud poker and draw poker, shall be licensed at the rate of $50.00 per
quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

Panguingue shall be licensed at the rate of $30.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in
advance.
Bridge, whist and solo, shall be licensed at the rate of $15.00 per quarter, payable
quarterly in advance.

Roulette, "21", Hazard, Craps, Faro Bank, Wheels of Fortune, Big Six Wheels and Race
Horse Books shall be licensed at the rate of $100.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in
advance.

Each slot machine, except penny slot machines, shall be licensed at the rate of $20.00
per quarter, payable quarterly in advance, for each game embodied and incorporated therein,
or for each handle thereon, or for each pay off chute or other mechanical device therein em-
ployed to deliver winnings, or for each coin denomination for which provision is made in the
machine for playing, whichever shall be the greatest. Penny slot machines shall be licensed
at the rate of $50.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance, for each game embodied and
incorporated therein, or for each handle thereon, or for each pay off chute or other mechan-
ical device therein employed to deliver winnings, or for each coin slot or insert, whichever
shall be the greatest.

The game of Keno, Bingo, Tango or Bank Keno shall be licensed at the rate of $30.00 per
quarter, payable quarterly in advance and in addition thereto shall pay a license fee or
charge of $1.50 per quarter per chair for each chair used in the conduct of said game.

Race Horse Keno shall be licensed at the rate of $250.00 per quarter, payable quarterly
in advance.

The licenses above mentioned shall entitle the holder or holders or his or their em-
ployee or employees, to carry on, conduct and operate any one slot machine of only the spec-
ific type and class, or only such other specific game or device, for which said license is
issued, and only in the particular room and premises described therein, for a period ending
with the quarter within which the license was issued; provided that no license shall be
granted for any portion of any quarter for a sum less than the full quarterly license fee,
and the end of each quarter shall be the last days of March, June, September and December
of each year; provided further that the licensee shall be entitled to carry on, conduct,
and operate two or more slot machines, games or devices mentioned in this section and in
Section 1, of this Ordinance, in the same room, upon the payment of the license fees herein
provided for and the issuance of a license in the manner and upon the authority, and upon
the conditions and restrictions in this ordinance provided as on an application for an or-
iginal license. Each license shall specify upon the face thereof the name of the licensee,
and a complete description identifying the particular room or premises in which the licensee
intends to carry on, conduct or operate the slot machine, game or device mentioned in this
section and in Section 1 of this Ordinance, and shall specify the particular type and class
of slot machine, or other particular game or device, by name. Any license issued under the
provisions of this Ordinance shall not be transferable by the licensee to any other person,
firm, association or corporation, and shall be valid only for the particular room and pre-
mises described therein and the designated number of slot machines of the specified type and
class, or other specified games or devices for which it is issued. No license money paid
under this Ordinance shall be refunded whether the operation of the slot machine, game or
device for which any license was issued has been voluntarily terminated or the license has
been revoked under the provisions of this Ordinance, or for any other reason. The license
fees herein provided shall be in addition to those collected by the Sheriff of Clark County
or any other authority.
Section 10. The games, slot machines and gaming devices licensed under the preceding
section shall be played only for money, and it shall be unlawful for any licensee, his or
its agents, servants, or employees to promise, hold themselves out in any way whatever as
giving, or to give any other form of property or thing of value as winnings or as a gratuity
in connection with the playing of such games, slot machines and gaming devices.

Section 11. Any licensee holding a valid existing license from the City of Las Vegas
for a current quarter, may, during such current quarter, secure a license for additional
slot machines, games or devices, over and above the particular number of slot machines,
games or devices for which he or it holds or they hold a license, for the remainder of the
quarter, upon the payment to the City Treasurer of the license fees provided for in Section
9 of this Ordinance, for the additional slot machine, game or device, and the issuance of a
license in the manner and upon the authority, and upon the conditions and restrictions in
this Ordinance provided as on an application for an original license, and such additional
license shall be valid for the remainder of such quarter.

Section 12. All licenses issued for gambling games, devices and slot machines of every
character and description shall be posted in a conspicuous place where such gambling games,
devices and slot machines are installed, in order that they may be inspected by authorized
state, county, city and town officials, who shall report in writing to the Sheriff of the
County and to the Chief of Police of the City, wherein such gambling games, devices and slot
machines are located, any and all gambling games, devices and slot machines found to be op-
erating without a license. A failure to comply with the provisions of this section shall
constitute a ground for the revocation of such license or licenses not so posted.

Section 13. The required license fees shall accompany each application for issuance or
renewal of a license and be paid to the City Treasurer, and such fees when same become the
property of the City shall be placed in such fund and used for such purposes as the Board
of City Commissioners shall from time to time direct.

Section	14. No game, slot	machine or	gambling device of any kind	shall be conducted

or permitted	to operate in any open space,	vestibule or doorway within	the City of Las Vegas,

but all such	gambling games and	devices of	every nature shall be operated and conducted on

the street floor and completely	within the	four walls of a building or	room. And no gambling

game, device, or slot machine, so licensed, shall be dealt, played, operated, carried on,
or exposed for play behind locked doors.

Section 15. Any person or any officer or agent of any corporation, or any member of
any co-partnership or association violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine in the sum
of not less than One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00), or not more than Four Hundred Fifty
Dollars ($450.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period not less than thirty
(30) days nor more than five (5) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment. Each and
every day upon which a violation of this Ordinance shall occur shall be deemed a separate
and distinct violation thereof.

Section 16. Ordinance No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance to
prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor,
regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, repeal-
ing all ordinances in conflict therewith", approved Oct. 1, 1919, and Ordinance No. 88 of the
City of Las Vegas entitled, "An Ordinance to amend section six (6) of Ordinance No. 77 of
the City of Las Vegas, entitled, 'An Ordinance to prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas,
without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same fixing the amount of such
license, providing a penalty therefor, and repealing all ordinances in conflict therewith'",
approved June 15, 1921, and Ordinance No. 88 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordin-
ance to amend section six (6) of Ordinance No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An
Ordinance to prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license
therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty there-
for, and repealing all ordinances in conflict therewith', and repealing all ordinances and
parts of ordinances in conflict with such amendment," approved March 15, 1922, and Ordinance
No. 103 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend section six (6) of Ordin-
ance No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance to prohibit gaming in the City
of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing the
amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, and repealing all ordinances in con-
flict therewith', and to amend said Ordinance No. 77 by adding a new section thereto to be
known as Section 6b, and to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with
said amendments", approved December 4, 1923, and Ordinance No. 115 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section three (5) of Ordinance No. 105 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance to amend Section six (6) of Ordinance no. 77 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance to prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas without first
obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, pro-
viding a penalty therefor, and repealing all ordinances in conflict therewith', and to
amend said Ordinance No. 77 by adding a new section thereto to be known as Section 6b, and to
repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with said amendments'", approved
December 5, 1925 and Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance to
prohibit gaming and operation of slot machines in the City of Las Vegas, without first ob-
taining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, provid-
ing a penalty therefor, repealing ordinances nos. 77, -82, -88, -105, and 115, and all or-
dinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith", approved March 50, 1951, and Or-
dinance No. 245 entitled, "An Ordinance to amend section 8 and section 12 of Ordinance No.

165 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance to prohibit gaming and operation of
slot machines in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor, regulat-
ing the same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, repealing
Ordinances Nos. 77, 82, 88, 105 and 115, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in con-
flict therewith'", approved January 15, 1959, and Ordinance No. 271 of the City of Las Vegas
entitled "An Ordinance to amend section 9 of Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled 'An Ordinance to prohibit gaming and operation of slot machines in the City of Las
Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount
of such license, providing a penalty therefor, repealing ordinances Nos. 77, 82, 88, 105 and
115 and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith'", approved April 6, 1
1942, and Ordinance No. 287 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance to amend section
8, as amended, of Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas entitled 'An Ordinance to pro-
hibit gaming and operation of slot machines in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtain-
ing a license therefor, repealing Ordinances No.s 77, 82, 88, 105, and 115, and all ordin-
ances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith'", approved December 7, 1945, and
Ordinance No. 319 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance to amend section 6, sec-
tion 8, as amended, and section 9, as amended, of Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled: 'An Ordinance to prohibit gaming and operation of slot machines in the city
of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing the
amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, repealing Ordinances Nos. 77, -82,
-88, -103, and 115, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith'",
approved July 22, 1946, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith
are hereby repealed.

Section 17. If any part, provision or section of this Ordinance or the application
thereof to any person or circumstances shall be held to be invalid by any court of compe-
tent jurisdiction, the remainder of this ordinance or the application of such part, pro-
vision or section thereof to any other person or circumstances shall not be affected
thereby.

Section 18. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication
as in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 19. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas shall cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks
immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board
of City Commissioners on the 21st day of December, 1946, and referred to the following
committee composed of Commissioners Bates and Corradetti for recommendation; thereafter
the said committee reported favorably on the said Ordinance on the 7th day of January,
1947, which was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at
said regular meeting held on the 7th day of January, 1947, the proposed Ordinance was
read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the
following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners______Clark, Corradetti & Mayor Cragin______________________

Voting "Nay": None_____________________________________________________________________

Absent: Commissioners Baskin and Bates_________________________________________________

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Com-
missioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 22nd day
of January, 1947, and passed by the following vote:
Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Cragin
Voting "Nay": None
Absent: None

AFFIDAVIT of PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

) SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS
VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and pub-
lished at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was
continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from January 9th, 1947
to January 16th, 1947 incusite, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates,
towit:	Jan 9th-16th

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie___________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day of January, 1947

s/ A. E. Cahlan_______________

Notary Public in and for Clark
County Nevada

ORDINANCE 326

NOTE: This Ordinance was denied.

ORDINANCE NO. 327

AN ORDINANCE TO REPEAL ORDINANCE NO. 238 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE
PROVIDING FOR THE REGISTRATION AND OPERATION OF BICYCLES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS AND PROVID-
ING PENALTY FOR VIOLATION THEREOF".

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Each and every part and provision of Ordinance No. 238 of the City
of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance providing for the registration and operation of bicycles
in the City of Las Vegas and providing penalty for violation thereof", and all other ordinances
and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 2. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication
as in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 3. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas shall cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks
immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	E. W. Cragin

Mayor

Helen Scott Reed	

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was- first proposed and read by title to the
Board of City Commissioners on the 22nd day of January, 1947, and referred to the following

committee composed of Commissioners ___________Baskin & Corradetti_________ ____________ for

recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on the said Ordinance on

the 7th day of February , 1947. which was the next regular meeting of said Board of
City Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on the 7th day of February ,

1947 the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first
introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners ___________Bates, Corradetti &___________ _______________________

_______His Honor Mayor Cragin	
Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioners.______Baskin & Clark___________________________________________________

ATTEST:

_______Helen Scott Reed_______________ _____________________E. W. Cragin________________________

City Clerk	Mayor

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Com-
missioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 21st day
of February_______, 1947, and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners ________Baskin, Clark_____________________________________________

Corradetti & His Honor Mayor Cragin___________________________________________________________

Voting "Nay: None

Absent:	Commissioner Bates_________________________________________________________________

ATTEST:

APPROVED:

Helen Scott Reed___________________ ________________________E. W. Cragin__________________

City Clerk	Mayor

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

ss

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS
EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from February 10th, 1947 to February
17th, 1947 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, towit:
February 10th-17th.	:

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie____________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th day of February 1947.

s/ A. E. Cahlan

Notory Public in and for Clark

County, Nevada

ORDINANCE NO. 328

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS TO MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING COMPLETE STREET
LIGHTING UNITS WITH PARKWAY CABLE AND STEEL STANDARDS ALONG CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS
OF STREETS IN SAID CITY; PROVIDING THAT THE COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY
BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDED WITHIN THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO FRONTAGE, EXCEPT WHERE, BY THE CHARTER OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CERTAIN PORTIONS THEREOF ARE REQUIRED TO BE PAID FROM THE GENERAL FUND OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS; AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby declares
its determination to make the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, in accordance
with the plats, diagrams, and estimates of costs on file in the office of the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas:

To install complete street lighting units with parkway cable and steel standards
in, over, and along the easterly side of North Main Street from Stewart Avenue to a point
distant One Hundred (100) feet north of Bonanza Road.

Section 2. The cost and expense of making the improvements described in Section 1
of this Ordinance shall be paid by special assessment to be made according to frontage against
the owners and upon the taxable lots and premises embraced within the special assessment
district hereby created and composed of all the taxable lots and premises situate on the
easterly side of North Main Street from the north side of Stewart Avenue to a point distant

One Hundred (100) feet north of Bonanza Road, except where, by the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas, certain portions thereof are required to be paid from the General Fund of the

City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall keep the plats, diagrams
and estimates of costs, on file in her office for public inspection, and the Clerk of the

Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall notice thereof and of the proposed
improvements, of the location thereof, and of the district to be assessed, by publication
for two weeks, that is to say, once a week for two successive weeks, in the Las Vegas Evening
Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, by posting notices of
the same in at least three public places in each ward, and also by posting a notice in or
near the Post Office of the City, and posting notices in three public places near the site of
the proposed improvements. The notices shall also state the time when the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas will meet and consider any suggestions and objections that may be
made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements.

Section 4. This Ordinance shall be in force and effect upon its publication, as in
the next section provided, and final passage

Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas shall cause this Ordinance No. 328 to be published once a week for two successive
weeks, immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening-Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

E. W. Cragin__________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

Helen Scott Reed_____________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board
of City Commissioners on the 7th day of March ,	1947, and referred to the following

committee composed of Commissioners _____________Corradetti &_________Baskin ___________________

for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on the said Ordinance
on the 22nd day March , 1947, which was the next regular meeting of said Board of

City Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on the 22nd day of March , 1947,

the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first

introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners ___________Baskin, Clark____________________________________________

Corradetti & His Honor Mayor Cragin_____________________________________________________________

Voting "Nay":	None___________________________________________________________________________

Absent:	Commissioner:_________Bates___________________________________________________________

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	E. W. Cragin

Helen Scott Reed_______________________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of
City Commissioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 7th
day of April , 1947, and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark,______________________________________________________

Corradetti & His Honor Mayor Cragin____________________________________________________________

Voting "Nay":	None__________________________________________________________________________

Absent:	_______None___________________________________________________________________________

APPROVED:

ATTEST*	E. W. CRAGIN_________________

Mayor

Helen Scott Reed____________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

) SS

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEgAS
EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from March 25th, 1947 to April 1st,

1947 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to wit:

March 25th- April 1st.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
Signed:	Dick Lochrie_____________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st day of April 1947.

s/ _____A. E. Cahlan________________________

Notory Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada

STATE OF NEVADA	)

)

COUNTY OF CLARK	)

CITY OF LAS VEGAS }

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada was held in the City Hall in said City at 10:00 o'clock A.M. on Monday, the 24th
day of March, 1947

Present:

Mayor E. W. Cragin______________________

Commissioners:	R. T. Baskin__________

Walter B. Bates

C. R. Clark__________

A. Corradetti________

City Clerk:	Helen Scott Reed

Also Present:	C. Norman Cornwall______

T. E. Fennessy____________

City Manager

The meeting was called to order by the Mayor.

Thereupon, the following proceedings, among others, were had and taken, to-wit:

Commissioner Bates introduced and moved the adoption of the following ordinance:

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 329

AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO BORROW

$100,000.00 ON THE CREDIT OF THE CITY AND PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE AND SALE BY THE CITY
OF ITS NEGOTIABLE COUPON BONDS IN THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $100,00.00 TO BE
DENOMINATED SLIMMING POOL BONDS, SERIES A, FOR THE PURPOSE OF ACQUIRING AND ESTABLISHING
TWO MUNICIPAL SWIMMING POOLS AMD INCIDENTAL FACILITIES; PRESCRIBING THE FORM OF SAID BONDS
AND PROVIDING FOR THE LEVY AND COLLECTION OF AN ANNUAL TAX TO PAY THE PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST
ON SAID BONDS; DECLARING AN EMERGENCY BE REASON OF THE FACT THAT THE SWIMMING POOLS NOW BEING
CONSTRUCTED BY THE CITY CANNOT BE COMPLETED WITHOUT THE EXPENDITURE OF ADDITIONAL FUNDS;
PROVIDING FOR THE PUBLIC SALE OF SAID BONDS AND PRESCRIBING THE FORM OF SALE NOTICE; AUTHORIZ-
ING THE EXECUTION OF SAID BONDS AND PRESCRIBING OTHER DETAILS IN CONNECTION THEREWITH.

WHEREAS, by Ordinance No. 311 finally adopted and approved on December 7, 1945,
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas were authorized to issue the swimming
pool bonds of said City in the aggregate principal amount of $160,000.00 for the purpose of
acquiring and establishing two municipal swimming pools and incidental facilities thereto;
and

WHEREAS, in accordance with the authority so conferred, the Board of Commissioners
has heretofore issued and sold said bonds in the amount of $160,000.00 and is in the process
of constructing two swimming pools in the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has determined and does hereby determine on
the basis of the City's experience in the construction of said swimming pools and on the
recommendation of the engineer acting on behalf of the City that by reason of unanticipated
increases in construction costs, said swimming pools and incidental facilities cannot be com-
pleted by the expenditure of $160,000.00 derived from the sale of said bonds; and

WHEREAS, in order to complete the construction of said swimming pools and incidental
facilities and in order to protect the City's financial investment in the pools now under
construction, it is necessary and for the best interests of the City and its inhabitants that
the City borrow an additional $100,000.00 and issue its bonds in like amount; and
WHEREAS, in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada and the charter of the
City of Las Vegas, the Board of Commissioners of said City has heretofore caused to be published

a proclamation stating the intention of the City to issue its swimming pool bonds in the amount

of $100,000.00, which proclamation was published in the manner and for the time required by

law; and

WHEREAS in response to said proclamation, no petition was or has been filed asking
for an election on the question of whether or not the proposed ordinance authorizing said
swimming pool bonds should be passed and the Board of Commissioners of said City is now em-
powered to enact such an ordinance and to issue said swimming pool bonds; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has found and determined and does hereby find
and determine that an emergency exists by reason of the fact that the two swimming pools and
incidental facilities proposed to be acquired with the proceeds of the bonds authorized by
Ordinance No. 311 above referred to cannot be so acquired without the expenditure of additional.
funds at this time.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN:

Section 1. That all proceedings heretofore taken by the Board of Commissioners and
by the officers of the City of Las Vegas directed toward the acquisition of two swimming pools
and incidental facilities within the City of Las Vegas and the issuance of its bonds for the
acquisition and establishment of said municipal swimming pools be and the same are hereby
ratified, approved and confirmed.

Section 2. That by virtue of and in pursuance of the charter of the City of Las
Vegas and the laws of the State of Nevada there shall be issued bonds of said City to be
demoninated Swimming Pool Bonds, Series A, in the aggregate principal amount of $100,000.00,



bearing interest at a rate of not exceeding three per centum per annum, for the purpose of
of acquiring and establishing municipal swimming pools and facilities incidental thereto with-
in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized and
directed to have said swimming pool bonds prepared in the aggregate principal amount of
$100.000.00.

Section 4. That for the purpose of providing funds as aforesaid, the City of Las
Vegas on behalf of said City and upon the credit thereof shall issue the negotiable coupon
bonds of said City in the aggregate principal amount of $100,000.00, consisting of 100 bonds
in the denomination of $1,000.00 each, numbered from 1 to 100, both inclusive, bearing date
as of the first day of April, 1947, bearing interest at the rate of not exceeding three per
centum per annum, payable semiannually on the first days of April and October of each year
as evidenced by interest coupons attached to said bonds, both principal and interest being
payable in lawful money of the United States of America at the office of the City Treasurer
of the City of Las Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada. Said bonds shall mature serially in regular
numerical order, $5,000.00 on the first day of April in each of the years 1948 to 1967, both
inclusive.

Bonds numbered 26 to 100, both inclusive, maturing on and after April 1, 1953 are
subject to redemption in inverse numerical order at the option of the City of Las Vegas on
the first day of April, 1952, or on any interest payment date thereafter prior to maturity at
a price equal to the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption date.
Notice of redemption shall be given by the County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada as Ex-
Officio Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas in the name of the City of Las Vegas by publication
of said notice at least once in each calender week of any day of the week for at least four

successive weeks prior to the redemption date in a newspaper of general circulation in the
City of Las Vegas and a copy of such notice shall be sent by registered mail at least thirty
lays prior to the redemption date to the purchaser or purchasers of said bonds. Such notice
shall specify the number or numbers of the bonds to be so redeemed (if less than all are to
be redeemed) and the date fixed for redemption, and shall further state that on such redemp-
tion date there will become and be due and payable upon such bond so to be redeemed at the
office of the City Treasurer the principal amount thereof with accrued interest will cease to
accrue. Notice having been given in the manner hereinbefore provided, the bond or bonds so
called for redemption shall become due and payable on the redemption date so designated and
upon presentation thereof at the office of the City Treasurer, together with all appurtenant
coupons maturing subsequent to the redemption date the City of Las Vegas will pay the bond
or bonds so called for redemption.

Section 5. Said bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, shall
be attested by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas under the seal of said City and shall
be countersigned by the County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada as Ex Officio City Treasurer
of the City of Las Vegas. The coupons attached to said bonds shall bear the facsimile
signature of said City Treasurer which officer by the execution of said bonds shall adopt as
and for his signature the facsimile thereof appearing on said coupons.

Section 6. That said bonds and the claims thereto attached shall be on substantially
 the following form:

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

STATE OF NEVADA	COUNTY OF CLARK

CITY OF LAS VEGAS
SWIMMING POOL BOND, SERIES A

NO. ________________ $1,000.00

The City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Nevada acknowledges
itself indebted and hereby promises to pay to bearer hereof the sum of

ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS

on the first day of April, A. D. 19_______________with interest thereon at the rate of _________________per

centum per annum, payable semiannually on the first days of April and October in each year,
both principal and interest being payable in lawful money of the United States of America at
the office of the City Treasurer in Las Vegas, Nevada, upon presentation and surrender of
the annexed coupons and of this bond as they severally become due.

This bond is issued by the City of Las Vegas upon behalf of said City and upon the
credit thereof for the purpose of acquiring and establishing two municipal swimming pools under
the authority of and in full conformity with the constitution and statutes of the State of 
Nevada and the charter of the City of Las Vegas.

*(This bond is subject to redemption at the option of the City of Las Vegas on the
first day of April, 1952, or on any interest payment date thereafter at a price equal to the
principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption shall be made upon not less
than thirty days' prior notice by publication in a newspaper of general circulation in the
City of Las Vegas in the manner and upon the conditions provided in the ordinance authorizing
the issuance of this bond.)

It is hereby certified and recited that all of the requirements of law have been
fully complied with by the officers of said City in the issuance of this bond; that the total
indebtedness of said City including that of this bond does not exceed any limit of indebtedness
of said City including that of this bond does not exceed any limit of indebtedness prescribed
by the constitution or laws of the State of Nevada nor by the charter of the City of Las
Vegas, and that provision has been made for the levy and collection of annual taxes sufficient
to pay the interest on and the principal of this bond when the same become due.

The faith and credit of the City of Las Vegas are hereby pledged for the punctual
payment of the principal of and the interest on this bond.

IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas has caused the bond to be signed by its
Mayor and attested by its City Clerk under the seal of said City and to be countersigned by the
City Treasurer, all as of the first day of April, A. D. 1947.

______(Do	not	sign)_______

Mayor

COUNTERSIGNED:

_________(Do	not	sign________

City Treasurer

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

_______ (Do not sign)___________

City Clerk

To be inserted in bonds numbered 26 to 100, both inclusive, maturing after April

1, 1952).

(Form of Coupon)

No. _________________________________________________________________________ $__________________

April

On the first day of October, A.D. 19______* (unless the bond to which this coupon is

attached has been called for prior redemption) the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark,



State of Nevada, will pay the bearer

_________________DOLLARS

at the office of the City Treasurer in Las Vegas, Nevada, in lawful money of the United States
of America, being six months' interest on its Swimming Pool Bond, Series A, dated April 1,

1947, No.___________

____(Facsimile Signature)

City Treasurer

*( To be inserted in coupons maturing after April 1, 1952 attached to bonds numbered
26 to 100, both inclusive).

Section 7. That said swimming pool bonds shall be sold at public sales to the
person or persons offering the best and most advantageous terms to said City. The Mayor and
City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized and directed to give notice offering said
swimming pool bonds for sale and calling for bids for the purchase of said bonds by publish-
ing a notice once a week for four consecutive weeks by five insertions at weekly intervals
in The Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, the official newspaper of the City of Las Vegas
and by mailing a copy of such notice at least three weeks prior to the date fixed for the
sale to the State Board of Finance, Carson City, Nevada, which said notice shall be in sub-
stantially the following form:
NOTICE OF SALE
OF

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA SWIMMING POOL BONDS, SERIES A

$100,000.00 - APRIL 1, 1947

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the City of Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada will on

the	______ day of April, 1947 at __________o'clock ______.M. at the City office in Las

Vegas, Nevada, offer for sale the following described general obligation bonds of said City:

City of Las Vegas Swimming Pool bonds, Series A, dated April 1, 1947,
in the aggregate principal amount of $100,000.00, numbered from 1 to
100, both inclusive, in the denomination of $1,000.00 each, maturing
serially in numerical order $5,000.00 on the first day of April in
each of the years from 1948 to 1967, both inclusive, bonds numbered
26 to 100, both inclusive, maturing on the first day of April in each
of the years from 1953 to 1967, both inclusive, being subject to redemp-
tion in inverse numerical order at the option of the City on the first
day of April, 1952, or on any interest payment date thereafter upon the
payment of the principal amount thereof and accrued interest to the
redemption date, and all of said bonds bearing interest at a rate not
to exceed three per centum per annum, payable semiannually on the first
days of April and October in each year, both principal and interest
being payable at the office of the City Treasurer, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Bidders are required to submit a bid specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest
and premium, if any, above par at which the bidder will purchase said bonds; or (b) the
lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase said bonds at par. The bonds will
be sold to the bidder making the best bid, subject to the right of the corporate authorities
of the City of Las Vegas to reject any and all bids and re-advertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest nor will
any discount or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds. All bids shall
sealed and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be accompanied by a deposit of
five per cent., either cash or certified check, of the amount of the bid, which will be re-
turned if the bid is not accepted; and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to
complete the purchase of said bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his bid,
the amount of his deposit shall be forfeited to the City of Las Vegas, and, in that event,
the corporate authorities of said City may accept the bid of the one making the next best
bid, or if all bids are rejected, such authorities may re-advertise said bonds for sale.

If there be two or more equal bids and such bids are the best bids received, and are not
less than par and accrued interest, the corporate authorities will determine which bid shall
be accepted.

The legality of the bonds will be approved by Messrs. Pershing, Bosworth, Dick &
Dawson, Attorneys at Law, Denver, Colorado, whose opinion, together with the printed bonds,
will be furnished the purchaser without charge.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this __________ day of __________________A. D. 1947.

Mayor

(SEAL)

Section 8. That when said bonds have been duly executed and sold, the City
Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas shall deliver them to the lawful purchaser thereof on
receipt of the purchase price. The funds realized from the sale of said bonds shall be
applied solely to the acquisition and establishment of two municipal swimming pools and
facilities incidental thereto, but the purchaser of said bonds shall in no manner be re-
sponsible for the application by said City or any of its officers of any of the funds

derived from the sale thereof.
Section 9. The interest falling due on said bonds on October 1, 1947 shall
be paid out of the general fund of said City, or any other funds that may be available

for such purpose, and there shall be levied in the year 1947 on all property both real
and personal, subject to taxation within the boundaries of said City, including the net
proceeds of mines, a tax sufficient to reimburse said fund or funds for such installment
of interest, and for the purpose of creating a fund for the payment of said bonds and the
interest thereon, there shall be levied in the year 1947 and annually thereafter, a
sufficient tax on all property, both real and personal, subject to taxation within the
boundaries of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, including the net proceeds
of mines, sufficient to pay the interest on said bonds and to pay and retire the same
as hereinabove provided; and provided further that in the preparation of annual appropria-
tion ordinance for the City, the City Council shall first make proper provision, through
the levy of sufficient taxes, for the payment of the interest on and the retirement of
the principal of the bonded indebtedness of the City, and the amount of money necessary
for this purpose, together with the amounts necessary for the payment of principal of
and interest on the other bonded indebtedness of the City, shall be a first charge against
all of the revenue received by said City. In any year in which the total taxes levied
by all overlapping political subdivisions and taxing units in Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, may exceed the limitation of five cents on the dollar imposed by Section 2 of
Article X of the Constitution of the State of Nevada, and it shall become necessary by
reason thereof to reduce the levies made in behalf of said City, the reductions so made
shall be in taxes levied for or by such City for purposes other than the payment of its
bonded indebtedness and interest thereon, the taxes levied hereafter for the payment of
such bonded indebtedness, and the interest thereon, shall always enjoy a priority over
taxes levied for or on behalf of such City for any other purposes where reduction is
necessary in order to comply with the limitations of said Section 2 of Article X, or with
the City Charter of Las Vegas, Nevada. Such tax shall be levied and collected in the
same manner and at the same time as other taxes are levied and collected, and the proceeds
thereof shall be kept by the County Treasurer in a special fund to be known as the "
"Swimming Pool Bond Fund, Series A", which shall be used for no other purpose than the
payment of principal and interest as the same fall due. Such tax shall be levied in the
year 1947 and annually thereafter until all of said bonds, and the interest thereon,
shall have been fully paid, satisfied and discharged. Any sums coming due on said bonds
at any time when there are on hand from such tax levy or levies, insufficient funds to
pay the same, shall be promptly paid when due from general funds on hand belonging to the
City of Las Vegas, reimbursement to be made to such general funds in the sums thus advanced
when taxes herein provided for shall have been collected.

Section 10. The City Council does hereby find and declare that the life of the
improvement to be constructed out of the proceeds of the sale of said bonds shall and
will be in excess of twenty years.

Section 11. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be, and they hereby
are, authorized and directed to take all action necessary or appropriate to effectuate
the provisions of this ordinance, including, without limiting the generality of the fore-
going the printing of said bonds and the execution of such certificates as may br required
by the purchaser thereof relating to the signing of the bonds, the tenure and identity
of the municipal officials, the assessed valuation and indebtedness of the City of Las
Vegas the receipt of the bond purchase price and the absence of litigation pending or
threatened affecting the validity thereof.
Section 12. All ordinances or parts thereof in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed. After the bonds hereby authorized have been issued, this ordinance shall
constitute a contract between the City of Las Vegas and the holder or holders of said bonds,
and shall be and remain irreparable until said bonds and the interest accruing thereon shall
have been fully paid, satisfied and discharged.

Section 13. This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its
adoption, approval and the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in The Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal.

Section 14. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and
directed to cause this ordinance to be published in The Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal ,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two
consecutive weeks, immediately after its final passage and approval at this meeting
ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 24th day of March, A. D. 1947.

E. W. Cragin_____________

Mayor

Attest:

Helen Scott Reed_________________

City Clerk

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

Baskin___________________

Bates____________________

Clark_______________________

Corradetti &________________

His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

None

E. W. Cragin___________________

Mayor

(SEAL)

Helen Scott Reed___________

City Clerk

It was then moved by Commissioner Bates ________________________ and seconded by

Commissioner _______Clark _________________, that all rules of this Board which might prevent,

unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting, be and the
same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passing and adopting of
said ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the
rules, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting Aye:

Commissioners:	_______Baskin______________________________________________

_____ Bates________________________________________________

_______Clark_______________________________________________

_______Corradetti & His Honor______________________________

_______Mayor E. W. Cragin__________________________________

Those voting nay:	None.

All members of the Board of Commissioners having voted in favor of said motion,
the Mayor declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.
Commissioner	Bates______________then moved	that	said ordinance	heretofore

introduced and real in full at this	meeting,	be	now placed	upon	its passage.

Commissioner Clark____________________seconded the motion, and the question being

upon the placing of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the following
result:

Those voting aye:

Commissioners:	Baskin___________________

Bates____________________

Corradetti & His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin_______

Those voting nay:	None.

The mayor declared	the motion	carried	and the ordinance placed upon its	passage.

Commissioner	Bates___ then moved	that	said ordinance	be	passed and

adopted as read. Commissioner ________Clark__________________seconded the motion.

The question being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance, the roll was
called with the following result:

Those voting aye:

Commissioners:	Baskin___________________

Bates_____________________

Clark_____________________

Corradetti &. His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin_________

Those voting nay:	None.

The Mayor thereupon declared that all the Commissioners elected having voted in
favor thereof, the said motion was carried and the said ordinance duly passed and adopted.

On motion duly adopted, it was ordered that said ordinance be numbered	329 ,

and after approval by the Mayor, shall be published as in said ordinance designated, and shall
be recorded according to law.

E. W. Cragin____________

Mayor

(SEAL)

Attest:

Helen Scott Reed_____________

City Clerk

STATE OF NEVADA	)

COUNTY OF CLARK	)SS.

)

CITY OF LAS VEGAS )

I, Helen Scott Reed , City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby
certify that the foregoing pages are full and correct copies of the proceedings of the
Board of Commissioners of said City taken at a regular meeting thereof held on the 24th
day of March, 1947, convening at the hour of 10:00 o'clock A.M.; that said proceedings were
had and taken as therein shown, and the meeting therein shown was duly held, and the persons
therein named were present at said meeting as therein shown; that said ordinance passed and
adopted at said meeting was by me recorded in my office.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and the seal of said City,
this 25th day of March , 1947.

Helen Scott Reed_______________

(SEAL)	City Clerk
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

)SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS
VEGAS EVENING REVIEW -JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from March 27,
1947 to April 3rd, 1947 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to wit:	March 27th April 3rd.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named

Signed:	Dick Lochrie______

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of April, 1947

s/ A. E. Cahlan_________________

Notary Public in and for Clark
County Nevada

PROPOSED

ORDINANCE NO. 330

"AN ORDINANCE FOR THE PROTECTION OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH BY PROVIDING FOR THE INSPECTION
OF PUBLIC EATING AND DRINKING PLACES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; PROVIDING FOR INSPEC-
TION FEES AND THE ISSUANCE OF CERTIFICATES OF INSPECTION; REQUIRING HEALTH CERTIFI-

CATES OF ALL PERSONS EMPLOYED THEREIN; CONFERRING POWERS AND IMPOSING DUTIES UPON
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH; IMPOSING PENALTIES; AND ALL MATTERS
PROPERLY RELATING THERETO." was read to the Board by title and referred to a com-
mittee on the 22nd day of March, for further study.

 ORDINANCE NO. 331

AN ORDINANCE ESTABLISHING A PUBLIC POUND; PRESCRIBING THE POWERS AND DUTIES OF THE
POUNDMASTER; FIXING THE FEES AND CHARGES TO BE COLLECTED BY HIM, AND DIRECTING THE
DISPOSITION THEREOF; PROVIDING FOR THE THE REGISTRATION OF DOGS AND DOG KENNELS AND
FIXING THE FEES THEREFOR; PROVIDING FOR THE VACCINATION OF DOGS AND CATS; PROVIDING
FOR THE REDEMPTION, SALE OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF DOGS AND OTHER ANIMALS IMPOUNDED;
PROHIBITING CRUELTY TO ANIMALS; PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE
PROVISIONS THEREOF; REPEALING ORDINANCES NO. 5, 12, 19, 51, 58, 63, and 101, AND
ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS IN CONFLICT THERE-
WITH, AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. The following terms, whenever used or referred to in this
ordinance, shall have the following meanings, except in those instances where the
context clearly indicates otherwise:

(a)	The term "animal" shall mean every domesticated and tame living
creature, except members of the human race.

(b)	The term "torture" or "cruelty" shall mean every act of omission
or commission whereby unjustifiable physical pain, suffering or death is caused
or permitted.

(c)	The term "dog" shall mean female as well as male dogs, irrespective

of age.

(d)	The word "person" shall mean the plural as well as the singular,
and include all persons, corporations, firms and associations.

Section 2. A public pound is hereby authorized and established in the
City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. It shall be the duty of the poundmaster to take and have
charge of the city pound and it shall be his duty to take up and impound all
animals found at large upon any street, sidewalk, lane, alley or other public
place or unenclosed place within the City of Las Vegas, except dogs which have
been regularly registered, and it shall be his duty to take up and impound all
animals found any place within the City of Las Vegas contrary to the provisions
of this ordinance.

Section 4. It shall be the duty of the ex-officio license fee collector
to register each year, as soon as possible after the first day of January thereof,
all dogs in the City of Las Vegas, except dogs under the age of six months which
are confined within the private property of their owners or those having the care,
custody and control thereof, in a book kept for that purpose to be known and
designated as the " Dog Register Book"; such registration shall contain a desc-
ription sufficient to identify each such dog; and the name and address of the owner,
if residing within the City of Las Vegas, and if not, then the person having care, custody
and control thereof; or who has in his possession or harbors said dog, together with the
number and date of registration. For each dog so registered, as provided herein, there
shall be charged the following sums:

For each female dog	 $5.00

For each spayed female dog §2.50
For each male dog	§2.50

Provided, however, that for each dog kept in or belonging to a kennel, the regis-
tration fee shall be One Dollar ($1.00) for each and every dog in said dog kennel; and
provided, further, that the minimum fee for registering said Dog Kennel shall be the sum
of Ten Dollars ($10.00).

Section 5. The registration fee provided in this ordinance shall be due and
payable on the first day of January of each year, and the same shall be charged against and
be payable by the said owner or person having the care, custody and control, or who has
in his possession or harbors, said dog or dogs, as aforesaid. Upon the payment of the
registration fee, as provided in Section 4 hereof, there shall be delivered to the person
making such payment a metal tag, with the number and year, and the words "Dog Tag, City
of Las Vegas," stamped thereon, and such tag, while it is attached to the collar upon the
neck of such dog shall exempt same from being impounded during the calendar year designated
on said tag, except as hereinafter provided for vicious or dangerous dogs and female dogs
in heat.

Section 6. Every person, firm or corporation owning, operating or maintaining
a Dog Kennel within the City of Las Vegas must first apply for and obtain a permit from
the City of Las Vegas to so keep and maintain said dog kennel. Such permit when so issued
shall be numbered and the number thereof entered in the Dog Register Book, together with
other data required to sufficiently describe said dog kennel. A "Dog Kennel" within the
meaning of this ordinance shall be a pack or collection of dogs, exceeding three in number,
kept and bred for hunting or sale, and does not mean merely the house or place where same
are kept.

Section 7. Any animal found trespassing upon any private enclosure in the City
of Las Vegas may be taken up by the party owning such enclosure, or his agent, and com-
mitted to the poundmaster, who shall hold the same subject to reasonable demand for damages
in addition to the fees prescribed in this ordinance.

Section 8. The poundmaster shall keep a true, accurate and complete record of
the number and description of all animals taken into his custody, with the hour and date of
their impounding and the hour, date and manner of their disposition, and shall keep
conspicuously posted at the entrance of the pound, a list of animals detained therein. He
shall provide the necessary subsistence for animals while in his custody and shall not alter
nor suffer to be altered, any mark or brand thereon, and shall not suffer cruel treatment
thereof.

Section 9. All animals, excepting dogs, taken into the custody of the pound-
master, if not redeemed within twenty-four (24) hours thereafter, may be sold by the pound-
master, after giving at least three (3) days notice of such sale. If no purchaser can be
found upon such sale the poundmaster may dispose of the animal by gift, and in the case of
a cat or fowl, may destroy the same.

Section 10. The notice shall describe the animal and shall state the time and
place of sale, and shall be posted in three public places in the city, one of which notices
shall be posted at the entrance of the pound. At the time advertised, the poundmaster shall
sell all of the animals so advertised at public auction to the highest bidder for cash.

The proceeds of such sale shall be immediately paid by the poundmaster to the treasurer
of the City of Las Vegas, who shall, after first deducting the fees and charges, pay over
the surplus proceeds to the owner of such animal sold upon a warrant ordered by the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, if claimed within six months thereafter.

Section 11. The owner or person entitled to the possession and control of any
animal impounded, may at any time before the sale or other disposition thereof, redeem
same by paying the poundmaster all fees and charges thereon, and if a dog, by paying the
fee for registration thereof, in addition, if not already paid.

Section 12, The poundmaster shall charge and collect the following fees and
charges from persons redeeming animals taken up or impounded:

For taking up and impounding any animal, excepting
dogs, weighing up to One Hundred Pounds, the sum
of Two Dollars ($2.00), and for those weighing
over One Hundred Pounds, the sum of Five Dollars
($5.00).

For keeping dogs, cats, birds and fowl, Fifty
(50) Cents per day.

For keeping other animals weighing up to One
Hundred Pounds, One Dollar ($1.00) Per day,
and for those weighing over One Hundred Pounds,

Two Dollars ($2.00) per day.

Section 13. Any person rescuing, or attempting to rescue any animal from the
possession of the poundmaster while about to convey the same to the pound, or in any way,
directly or indirectly, removing or delivering the same from said pound, or from the
possession of said poundmaster, or causing or enabling same to escape therefrom, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished as pro-
vided herein.

Section 14. All persons owning or haying under their control vicious or
dangerous animals or female dogs in heat shall keep same securely inclosed. It
shall be the duty of the poundmaster to take up and carry away and impound all vicious
and dangerous animals and female dogs in heat not securely inclosed.

Section 15. The poundmaster shall keep all dogs taken up by him for
three days thereafter, and if redeemed, shall charge and receive in addition to
the registration fee, if not already paid, and all other fees and charges herein
provided for, one dollar for each dog, provided, however, that he may charge five
dollars for the redemption of a vicious or dangerous dog, or female dog in heat, the
first time such dog is taken up, and twenty-five dollars for each and every time
thereafter that such dog is taken up. If such dog be not redeemed within three days,
he shall dispose of it by sale in the manner and upon notice as provided in Sections
9 and 10 hereof, or by gift, or by destroying it, provided, however, that vicious
and dangerous dogs, and dogs unfit for further use or dangerous to be kept impounded
by reason of age, disease or other infirmity, may be destroyed at any time after
twenty-four (24) hours upon examination and recommendation in writing of the City
Health Officer or any responsible Veterinary Surgeon. After such examination and
recommendation such dog shall be destroyed and buried by the poundmaster, but no
charge for the examination and destruction, or for the burial of any dog shall be
made against the City of Las Vegas.

Section 16. All moneys collected under the provisions of this ordinance
by the poundmaster and the license fee collector shall be paid by them unto the
treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, together with a statement covering the said col-
lection, taking the treasurer's receipt therefor.

Section 17. The actual reasonable operating cost of the public pound by
the poundmaster, shall be a proper charge against the general fund of the City of
Las Vegas.

Section 18. Monthly reports of the poundmaster showing the amounts
collected, the amounts expended, the work performed and general report of the
poundmaster shall be furnished by said poundmaster in writing to the City Manager
not later than the tenth day of each month.

Section 19. The poundmaster for the purpose of carrying out the provisions
of this ordinance shall be appointed by and serve at the pleasure of the City
Manager of the City of Las Vegas, and shall receive such salary or compensation
as may be fixed and determined by the Board of Commissioners from time to time.

He shall, before entering upon the duties of his office, execute a bond payable
to the City of Las Vegas in such amount and form as the Board of Commissioners
may determine, with good and sufficient sureties, to be approved by the Board of
Commissioners, conditioned for the faithful discharge of his duties.

Section 20. Any person owning, possessing, or having the care, custody
and control of a dog or dogs who wilfully refuses, fails or neglects to furnish to
said poundmaster or license fee collector the required information necessary to
properly register said dog or dogs in the Dog Register Book, as provided herein,
or who wilfully fails, refuses or neglects to cause said dog or dogs to be registered
and pay said registration fee at the time and in the manner herein provided, or
who wilfully fails, refuses or neglects to perform any act or pay any other fee or
charge required by this ordinance to be performed or paid, and any person who shall
wilfully resist, interfere with or prevent the poundmaster or any of his assistants
in the exercise of their duties, or who wilfully violates any of the provisions of
this ordinance, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof
shall be punished, except as herein otherwise provided, by a fine of not less than
Five Dollars ($5.00) nor more than One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) or by imprison-
ment in the City jail for not less than five (5) days nor more than fifty (50)
days, or by both such fine and imprisonment, and the payment of any fees and charges
provided for in this ordinance due and remaining unpaid.

Section 21. Whenever any animal, excepting dogs, is taken up for im-
pounding, which by reason of age, disease or other infirmity is unfit for further
use or dangerous to be kept impounded, the poundmaster shall within twenty-four
(24) hours thereafter destroy such animal, upon the examination and recommendation
in writing of the City Health Officer, or any responsible Veterinary Surgeon,
but no charge for such examination and destruction, or for the burial of said
animal shall be made against the City of Las Vegas.

Section 22. It shall be the duty of the poundmaster upon the request
of any owner or possessor of any dead animal, to forthwith bury or destroy the
same, in such manner as the Health Officer may prescribe and, in the case of
dead dogs or cats, only after examination by the Health Officer where there is no
record in his department that such dog or cat has been previously vaccinated as
in Section 25 hereof provided, for which services the poundmaster shall charge and
collect the following fees:

For burying or destroying horses, oxen,

bulls, or cows, per	head	$5.00

For burying or destroying jacks, mules

steer or colts, per	head	$5.00

For burying sheep, goats or calves,

per head	$2.50

For burying dogs, cats, or other

animals not enumerated, each	$1.50
Section 23. It shall be the duty of the poundmaster whenever it comes to his
knowledge that any dead animal is upon any of the public streets, alleys, sidewalks, lanes
or other public or unenclosed place within the City of Las Vegas, to promptly dispose of the
same, in the manner and upon examination as provided by Section 22 hereof, charging and
collecting therefor from the owner or person formerly having had the possession or control
thereof, if same can be ascertained, the fees provided in said Section 22.

Section 24. Whenever a dog tag issued for the current year has been lost or
taken or stolen by parties unknown to the owner or person having the care, custody or control
of the dog for which same was issued, such owner or person having said care, custody or
control of such dog may, upon the payment of fifty (50) cents and on making and subscribing
to an affidavit alleging the loss of such tag, receive from the license collector a duplicate
tag for the remaining portion of the year for which the original dog tag was issued.

Section 25. Every person owning, possessing, harboring or having the care,
custody and control of a dog or cat, over the age of six weeks, shall cause the same to be
vaccinated against rabies, each year immediately after the first day of January thereof,
by the Health Officer of the City of Las Vegas Department of Health upon the payment of
the fee of One Dollar ($1.00) to said Department, or by the Health Officer of the Clark
County Department of Health, or by a licensed veterinarian of the City of Las Vegas or the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, who shall have been registered by the Board of Veterinary
Medical Examiners of the State of Nevada, and obtain a certificate from such veterinarian
or Health Officer, as the case may be, in the form prescribed by the City of Las Vegas
Department of Health, certifying that said animal has been so vaccinated. Every person
bringing a dog or cat, over the age of six weeks, into the City of Las Vegas, except those
traveling through the city and keeping such animal securely enclosed in a conveyance, shall
immediately upon entry into the City cause said animal to be so vaccinated and obtain a
certificate as herein provided, provided, however, that any certificate issued by a duly
licensed veterinarian or duly constituted Health Officer of any jurisdiction Outside of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, shall be deemed sufficient for a period of six months
from the date that the vaccination is stated on the certificate to have taken place, but in
no event beyond the first day of January next ensuing the date of such vaccination. The
certificate provided for herein shall be filed in the City of Las Vegas Department of
Health within five days from the date of such vaccination or the date such animal is brought
into the City and at the time any dog is registered as herein provided, the person owning,
possessing, harboring or having the care, custody and control of such dog, with respect
to which such certificate has been obtained and filed, shall furnish proof thereof to the
license fee collector who shall enter such information in the Dog Register Book.

Section 26. Whenever any animal is taken up for impounding, the poundmaster
shall, upon the sale or redemption thereof, in all cases of dogs and cats where there is no
record on file in the City of Las Vegas Department of Health that such dog or cat has been
vaccinated and a certificate issued therefor and filed as provided in Section 25 hereof,
and in cases of other animals upon the recommendation of the City Health Officer, cause
the same to be vaccinated by said Health Officer against rabies obtaining and filing the
certificate therefor as provided in said Section 25 hereof, and thereupon shall charge and
receive in addition to all other fees and charges herein mentioned the fee of One Dollar
($1.00) for such vaccination which shall be paid over by him to the City of Las Vegas
Department of Health.

Section 27. No dead dog or cat shall be buried or otherwise disposed of by the
poundmaster or any other person unless and until the City Health Officer has examined the same,
where there is no record in the files of the City of Las Vegas Department of Health that
such dog or cat has been previously vaccinated as in Section 25 hereof provided, but no
charge for such examination and burial or disposal shall be made against the City of Las
Vegas.

Section 28. It shall be unlawful for any person to keep or use, or be in any
manner connected with or interested in the management of, or receive money or other thing
of value for the admission of any person to, a house, apartment, pit or place for the
baiting of birds or animals, and it shall be unlawful for any owner or occupant of a house,
apartment, pit or place to wilfully procure or permit the same to be used or occupied for
such baiting or fighting.

Section 29. It shall be unlawful for any person to instigate, promote, arrange
or carry on, or do any act as assistant, umpire, principal, spectator, or otherwise, in
aid of or calculated to encourage or further, any fight between birds or animals.

Section 30. It shall be unlawful for any person to overdrive, overload, torture
or cruelly beat, or unjustifiably injure, maim, mutilate or kill any animal, whether be-
longing to himself or to another, or deprive any animal of necessary sustenance, food or
drink, or neglect or refuse to furnish it such sustenance, food or drink, or cause, procure
or any animal to be overdriven, overloaded, tortured, cruelly beaten, or unjustifiably
injured, maimed, mutilated or killed, or to be deprived of necessary sustenance, food or
drink, or wilfully instigate, engage in, or in any way further an act of cruelty to any
animal, or any act tending to produce such cruelty.

Nothing herein contained shall be construed to prohibit or interfere with the
poundmaster or City Health Officer in the exercise and performance of the powers and duties
in this ordinance set forth as to them, and any properly conducted scientific experiments
or investigations performed only under the authority and direction of the faculty of any
incorporated medical college or university of the State of Nevada.

Section 31. It shall be unlawful for any person owning, possessing or having the
care, custody and control of a maimed, diseased, disabled or infirm animal, to abandon the
same, or leave it to die in a public street, road, alley or other public place, or upon
the private property of another, or allow it to lie in a public street, road, alley or
other public place, or upon the private property of another, more than three hours after
he receives notice that it is left disabled.
Section 32. It shall be unlawful for any person to unjustifiably admin-
ister any poisonous or noxious drug pr substance tp any animal, other than a horse,
mule or domestic cattle, or to unjustifiably expose any such drug or substance with
intent that the same shall be taken by an animal, other than a horse, mule or
domestic cattle, whether such animal be the property of himself or another; provided,
that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent or restrict the pound-
master and City Health Officer in the exercise and performance of the powers and
duties in this ordinance set forth as to them, and any properly conducted scientific
experiments or investigations performed only under the authority and direction of
the faculty of any regularly incorporated medical college or university of the State
of Nevada.

Section 33. It shall be unlawful for any person to wilfully throw, drop
or place, or cause to be thrown, dropped or placed upon any road, highway, street,
alley or public place, or upon the private property of another, any glass, nails,
pieces of metal or other substance which might wound, disable or injure any animal,
or to drop, place or throw or cause to be dropped, placed or thrown any substance
or device upon his own property with intent to wound, disable or injure any animal.

Section 34. It shall be unlawful for any person to carry or cause to be
carried in or upon any vehicle, enclosed device, or otherwise, any animal in a
cruel or inhuman manner, or so as to produce torture.

Section 35. Any person who violates any of the provisions of Sections
28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33 and 34 of this ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a mis-
demeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not more than
Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment in the city jail for not more
than six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 36. Ordinance No. 5 entitled "An Ordinance to Prohibit Stock
Running at Large," approved July 18, 1911, Ordinance No. 12 of the City of Las
Vegas entitled 'An Ordinance Providing for the Collection of a Dog License or
Tax", approved September 8, 1941, Ordinance No. 19 entitled "An Ordinance
Amending Ordinance No. 12 of the City of Las Vegas entitled 'An Ordinance Providing
for the Collection of a Dog License of Tax', approved November 1, 1911, Ordinance
No. 51 entitled "An Ordinance Prohibiting Dogs From Running at Large in the Streets
Alleys, or Public Places of the City of Las Vegas and Repealing Ordinance No. 19,
Entitled 'An Ordinance Amending Ordinance No. 12 of the City of Las Vegas, Entitled.
'Entitled, 'An Ordinance Providing for the Collection of a Dog License or Tax'
and all Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Herewith'," approved Jan-
uary 7, 1914, Ordinance No. 58 entitled "An Ordinance Providing for the Collection
of a Dog Tax or License," approved October 7, 1914, Ordinance No. 63 entitled
"An Ordinance Prohibiting Dogs from Running at Large within the Limits of the City
Of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and Requiring all Persons
Owning, Keeping or Harboring any Dog or Dogs Within the Limits of the City of
Las Vegas to Keep Said Dog or Dogs on Their Premises and at all Times to Wear a
Dog Muzzle," approved March 11, 1916, and Ordinance No. 101 entitled "An Ordinance
Providing for a City Pound; Appointment of a Pound Master and Deputy Pound Master;
Providing Rules and Regulations for the Government of Same; Prohibiting Animals
Running at Large Within the City and Providing for the Custody and Sale of Same
and Matters Relating Thereto; Fixing the Fees to be Charged by the Pound Master,

His Salary and His Duties; Fixing a Penalty for the Violation of Any of the
Provisions Hereof, and Repealing all Ordinances or Parts of Ordinances in Conflict
Herewith, and Specifically Repealing Ordinance No. 5 of the City of Las Vegas,
Entitled 'An Ordinance to Prohibit Stock Running at Large'," approved July 3,1923,
and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 37. The provisions of this ordinance shall be severable, and
if any of the provisions thereof shall be held to be invalid or unconstitutional,
such decision shall not affect the validity or constitutionality of any of the
remaining provisions of this ordinance. It is hereby declared as the intent of the
Board of Commissioners that this ordinance would have been adopted had such in-
valid or unconstitutional provision not been included therein.

Section 38. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its
publication, as in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 39. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Hoard of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas shall cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two
successive weeks immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las
Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas.

/s/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the
Board of City Commissioners on the 9th day of May , 1947 and referred to the

following committee composed of Commissioners _____Baskin and Clark_________

for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on the said
Ordinance on the 22nd day of May , 1947, which was the next regular meeting of said
Board of City Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on the 22nd day of May , I
1947, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as
first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye"; Commissioners ________________Baskin,____Clark, Corradetti__________—

___________and His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin__________________________________________

Voting "Nay": ________________None___________________________________________________

Absent:___________________________None_____________________________________________

APPROVED:

/s/ E. W. Cragin_________

Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed	__

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City
Commissioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 6th
day of June , 1947, and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners _________	Baskin, Clark,_________________________

__________________________Moore, Whipple and His Honor E. W. Cragin______________________

Voting "Nay": ______ _________None_______________________________________________________

Absent:_______________________None_______________________________________________________

APPROVED:

/s/ E. W. Cragin__________

Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

)

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS
VEGAS EVENING-REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and pub-
lished at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and the attached was con-
tinously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from May 26, 1947 to
June 2nd, 1947 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to
wit: May 26, - June 2nd.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie___________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of June 1947.

Signed	A. E. Cahlan______________

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
	Nevada.

My Commission Expires Jan. 12,1951.
PROPOSED

ORDINANCE NO. 332

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION XXX, SECTION XXXIII, SECTION XXXVI, AS AMENDED,

AND SECTION LXXXXIV, AS AMENDED, OF ORDINANCE NUMBER 170 OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, REGULATING TRAVEL AND
TRAFFIC UPON THE PUBLIC STREETS; ESTABLISHING A CENTRAL TRAFFIC DISTRICT; AND
PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE BREACH OF ANY OF THE RULES OR REGULATIONS REGARDING
TRAFFIC IN THIS ORDINANCE PROVIDED, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES NOS. 66, -68, -69,
-86, -90, -94, -120, -124, -125, -127, -141, and -143 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH." was read by
title to the Board of City Commissioners on the 9th day of May . The Committee
composed of Commissioner Baskin and Clark was not ready to report on ordinance,
but held it for further study.

ORDINANCE NO. 333

AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO
CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF
NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO DEFRAY THE COST OF MAKING
CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING COMPLETE
STREET LIGHTING UNITS WITH PARKWAY CABLE AND STEEL STANDARDS ALONG
THE PLATS, DIAGRAMS AND ESTIMATES OF COST THEREOF ON FILE IN THE
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRIBING
DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNT
OF SAID ASSESSMENT AND DESCRIBING AND DESIGNATING THE LOCALITY
CONSTITUTING THE DISTRICT TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO FRONTAGE,

AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain
as follows:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the cost of making
certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by installing complete
street lighting units with parkway cable and steel standards in,
over and along the easterly side of North Main Street from Stewart
Avenue to a point distand One Hundred Feet North of Bonanza Road,
according to the plats, diagrams and estimates of cost heretofore,
prepared and adopted by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, and on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas, the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas
is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to make, forthwith, a
special assessment in the total amount of $1680.00	, and

to levy such assessment according to frontage against the owners
and upon the taxable lots and premises embraced within the special
assessment district created by Ordinance No. 328 of the City of Las
Vegas and composed of all the taxable lots and premises situate on
the easterly side of North Main Street from the North side of Stewart
Avenue to a point distant One Hundred Feet North of Bonanza Road.

Section 2. In no case shall the amount of any special
assessment upon any such lot or premises exceed 20% of the value
of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or
assessment roll for State and County taxation, but such cost in
excess of 20% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out
of the General Fund.

Section 3. The Ex-Officio City Assessor shall prepare an
assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City
of Las Vegas, and shall assess each lot and parcel of land embraced
within the aforementioned special assessment district such relative
portion of the whole amount to be levied as the length of front of
such lot or parcel of land abutting upon the improvement bears to
the whole frontage of all the lots to be assessed, unless on account
of the shape or size of any lot or lots, an assessment for different
number of feet would be more equitable, and the frontage of all lots
to be assessed shall be deemed to be the aggregate number of feet as
determined upon for assessment by the assessor.

Section 4. After the special assessment roll, as herein
provided for, shall have been prepared and completed, the Ex-Officio
City Assessor shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, and thereafter it shall be filed in the office
of the City Clerk and numbered, and the Board of Commissioners shall
cause notice thereof to the persons whose names appear upon the
assessment roll and to all others interested therein, to be
published for at least two weeks in some newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas, of the time when the Board of Commissioners
and the Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessments,
and any person objecting to the assessments may file his objection
thereto with the City Clerk.
Section 5. At the time appointed for reviewing the assessment,
the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet and
give all persons interested an opportunity to be heard, and shall consider any
and all objections that may be filed with the City Clerk, and then, or at some adjourned
meeting, shall review the assessments and correct the same and confirm its
as corrected, or confirm it as reported, or annul it and direct a new assessment
to be made.

Section 6. When the assessments shall be confirmed as herein provided
it shall be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to
the County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the assessment Roll as
confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with his certificate of such con-
firmation and of the date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City
Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record such assessment
roll in his office and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording,
whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents
of such assessment roll, and it shall be prima facia evidence in all courts and
tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof,
and of the validity of the assessments and assessment roll. After the assessment roll
has been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts levied thereon shall become at
once due and payable and shall constitute and be a lien upon the respective lots
and parcels of land and improvements assessed and shall be charged against the persons
and properties until paid.

Section 7. All assessments when due and payable, as in this ordinance
provided, shall be paid to the County Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Receiver,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and Ex-Officio Treasurer and Tax Receiver of the City
of Las Vegas, and be by that officer paid into and credited to the special fund
to be known as and called "Las Vegas 1947 North Main Street Lighting Fund."

Section 8. All costs and expensed incurred in making the improvements shall
be charged to and paid out of said fund, provided, however, that all monies drawn on
the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to defray any of the costs and expenses of making
the improvements or, if it shall become necessary to draw upon the General Fund to
defray any of the costs and expenses of the improvements, except as otherwise provided by!
the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, the General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer
of funds from the "Las Vegas 1947 North Main Street Lighting Fund" as soon as conditions
of the same will permit, and provided further that where there shall be lands belonging
to the City of public grounds not taxable, abutting on such improvements, or such
improvements, shall be made upon interior spaces opposite alleys, and squares and
spaces formed by the intersection of streets, such part of the expense of the
improvements as estimated by the assessor to be justly apportionable to such public
ground, the City property, and to any interior spaces opposite alleys, and squares and
spaces formed by the intersection of streets shall be paid from the General Fund and
borne by the City of Las Vegas, and the balance of such expense shall be assessed upon
the taxable lots abutting upon such improvements and included in such special assessment
districts in proportion to their number of feet of frontage.

Section 9. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its pub-
lication as in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 10. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to cause this Ordinance No 333
to be published once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first

reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal____________ a daily newspaper

published in the City of Las Vegas.

/s/ E. W. Cragin___________

Mayor

ATTEST:

s/ Helen Scott Reed_______

City Clerk

(Seal)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the
Board of City Commissioners on the 22nd day of May , 1947, and referred to the

following committee composed of Commissioners Clark and Baskin___________ for recommendation

thereafter the said Committee reported favorably on the said Ordinance on the 6th day

of June_____, 1947, which was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners

that at said regular meeting held on the 6th day of June_____________ , 1947, the proposed

Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and
adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners _____Baskin, Clark, Whipple & His Honor Mayor Cragin .

Voting "Nay": Commissioners __________________None___________________________________

Absent: ______________________Commissioner Moore_____________________________________

APPROVED:

s/ E. W. Cragin__________

Mayor

ATTEST:

s/ Helen Scott Reed_______

City Clerk

(Seal)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City
Commissioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 20th
day of June_______________, 1947, and passed by the following vote;

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor____________________
Voting "Nay": Commissioners _________None	_________________________________

Absent: _______________________None_______________________ _____________________

APPROVED:

/s/ E. W. Cragin_____________

ATTEST:

s/ Helen Scott Reed________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie , being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman
of the LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation,
printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that

the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks________

from June 9th 1947 to June 16th, 1947 inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: June 9th - 16th. That said newspaper was
regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day of Jane 1947.

s/ A. E. Cahlan_________________________________

Notary Public in ana for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires Jan. 12, 1951

----oOo------

ORDINANCE NO. 334

AN ORDINANCE CREATING THE "LAS VEGAS RECREATIONAL COUNCIL"; PROVIDING FOR ITS ORGANIZATION
AND GOVERNMENT, AND THE APPOINTMENT OF ITS MEMBERS; DEFINING ITS POWERS AND AUTHORITY;
PRESCRIBING ITS DUTIES; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO."

The above entitled ordinance was read to the Board by title on July 7th, 1947 and was
reported unfavorably. Later the matter was handled by Resolution.

----oOo------

ORDINANCE NO. 335

AN ORDINANCE TO REPEAL SECTION 11 OF ORDINANCE NUMBER 325 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT GAMING AND OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A LICENSE THEREFOR; REGULATING THE SAME; FIXING THE AMOUNT OF
LICENSE FEES; PROVIDING THE PENALTY FOR VIOLATIONS THEREOF; REPEALING ORDINANCES NO. 77, 82,

88, 103, 115, 165, 245, 271, 287, and 319, AMD ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN
CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 11 of Ordinance Number 325 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby repealed.

Section 2. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in
the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 3. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas shall cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immed-
iately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a
daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed________ E. W. Cragin_____________________________________________

City Clerk	Mayor

(Seal)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of
City Commissioners on the 7th day of July, 1947, and referred to the following committee com-
posed of Commissioners Baskin and Moore for recommendation; thereafter the said committee
reported favorably on the said Ordinance on the 22nd day of July, 1947, which was the next
regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on
the 22nd day of July, 1947, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City
Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting Nay: None.

Absent: None.

APPROVED: E. W. Cragin

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed. City Clerk	Mayor
The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City
Commissioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 7th day
of August, 1947, and passed by the following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin
Voting Nay: None
Absent: None.

Attest:	Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk	APPROVED: E. W. Cragin

By: Shirley Ballinger, Deputy	Mayor

(Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from July 24th, 1947 to July 31st, 1947
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 24-31st.
That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie_________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 31st day of July, 1947.

A. E. Cahlan	_____________

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada

(SEAL)

My Commission Expries Jan. 12, 1951.

-----0O0-----

ORDINANCE NO. 336

AN ORDINANCE ESTABLISHING CURB LINES AND FIXING THE LOCATION OF CURBS OVER AND ALONG
NORTH MAIN STREET FROM CARSON AVENUE TO A POINT DISTANT APPROXIMATELY 237 FEET NORTH OF THE
CENTER LINE OF BONANZA ROAD, IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; ESTABLISHING THE OFFICIAL GRADES OF
THE STREET AND CURBS IN NORTH MAIN STREET AND BONANZA ROAD, ACCORDING TO THE PLANS OF THE
DEPARTMENT OF HIGHWAYS OF THE STATE OF NEVADA; AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO; AND RE-
PEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. A line drawn parallel to the easterly side of the public right of way of
North Main Street, in the City of Las Vegas, and distant 12 feet westerly therefrom, is
hereby established as the curb line for the easterly side of North Main Street, from Carson
Avenue to a point distant 236.27 feet northerly from the center line of Bonanza Road, in said
city.

Section 2. A line drawn parallel with the easterly side of the public right of way
of North Main Street, in the City of Las Vegas, and distant 76 feet westerly therefrom, is
hereby established as the curb line for the westerly side of North Main Street, from Carson
Avenue to State Highway Survey Station "0" 109-25.20, in said city, said station being 388.53
feet southerly from the center line of Bonanza Road.

Section 3. A straight line drawn from the northerly terminus of the curb line, as
established in the preceding section hereof, at State Highway Survey Station "0" 109-25.20,
as said station is described in the preceding section hereof, to a point distant 84.37 feet
westerly from the easterly side of the public right of way of North Main Street at State
Highway Survey Station "0" 111-34.34, said station being 179.39 feet southerly from the center
line of Bonanza Road, is hereby	established as the curb line for	the	westerly side of North

Main Street, in the City of Las	Vegas, between said points.

Section 4. A line drawn	parallel to the westerly side of	the	public right of	way	of

North Main Street, in the city of Las Vegas, and distant 10 feet	easterly therefrom,	is

hereby established as the curb line for the westerly side of North Main Street from Bonanza
Road to State Highway Survey Station "0" 115-49.80, said station being 236.07 feet northerly
from the center line of Bonanza Road.

Section 5. At all intersections of streets and driveways with the right of way of
North Main Street, as said right of way is described in this ordinance, the curb lines and lines
of curb returns established at said intersections by the Department of Highways of the State
of Nevada to meet present and proposed curb lines, and shown on the plans thereof on file in
the office of said department, entitled, respectively, "State of Nevada Department of Highways -
Plan and Profule of Proposed State Highway - Federal Aid Project - Clark County, City of Las
Vegas, Main Street (South 5th St. to 1650 Ft. N.E. of North City Limits), Fremont St. Spur
(Main Street to 5th St.), Project No. 87," and "State of Nevada Department of Highways -
Plan and Profile of Proposed State Highway - Federal Aid Project - Clark County, Fifth Street
Las Vegas to Charleston Park Road, Project No. 39," and approved by the State Highway Engineer
and the Board of Directors of said Department on the 10th day of May, 1947, are hereby adopted
as the curb lines and lines of curb returns for said intersections.

Section 6. The grades of the street and curbs along the rights of way of North Main
Street and Bonanza Road, in the City of Las Vegas, established by the Department of Highways
of the State of Nevada, and shown on the plans thereof on file in the office of said depart-
ment, entitled, respectively, "State of Nevada Department of Highways - Plan and Profile
of proposed State Highway - Federal Aid Project - Clark County, City of Las Vegas, Main Street
(South 5th St. to 1650 Ft. N.E. of North City Limits), Fremont St. Spur (Main Street to 5th
St.), Project No. 87," and "State of Nevada Department of Highways - Plan and Profile of
Proposed State Highway - Federal Aid Project - Clark County, Fifth Street Las Vegas to
Charleston Park Road, Project No. 39," and approved by the State Highway Engineer and the
Board of Directors of said department on the 10th day of May, 1947, are hereby adopted as the
official grades for the street and curbs of said rights of way, as said rights of way are
shown on said plans.

Section 7. All existing curbs along the right of way of North Main Street, as said
right of way is described in this ordinance, insofar as they do not conform to the provisions
hereof, shall be relocated along the lines provided for herein; and curbs hereinafter con-
structed along said right of way shall be installed along the lines provided for herein.

The existing grades of the street and curbs along the rights of way of North Main Street and
Bonanza Road, as said rights of way are shown on the aforesaid plans of the Department of
Highways of the State of Nevada, insofar as they do not conform to the provisions hereof,
shall be readjusted to conform thereto, and the grades of the street and curbs along said rights
of way shall hereafter be maintained as herein provided.

Section 8. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with the provisions
hereof are hereby repealed.

Section 9. The provisions of this Ordinance shall be severable, and if any of the
provisions thereof or their application to any person or circumstances shall be held to be
invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction, such decision shall not affect the validity
thereof in their application to any other persons or circumstances or the validity of any of
the remaining provisions of this ordinance. It is hereby declared as the intent of the Board
of Commissioners that this Ordinance would have been adopted had such invalid provision not been
included therein.

Section 10. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as
in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 11. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas shall cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immed-
iately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk	E. W. Cragin, Mayor

By: Shirley Ballinger,

Deputy city clerk.

(Seal)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board
of City Commissioners on the 22nd day of July, 1947, and referred to the following committee
composed of Commissioners Moore and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee
reported favorably on the said Ordinance on the 7th day of August, 1947, which was the next
regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on
the 7th day of August, 1947, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City
Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor.

Voting Nay: None

Absent: None

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk	APPROVED: E. W. Cragin

By: Shirley Ballinger	Mayor

Deputy City Clerk

(Seal)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City
Commissioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 22nd day
of August, 1947, and passed by the following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore and Whipple and His Honor
Voting nay: None.

Absent: None

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed	APPROVED: E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

(Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was
continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from August 8th, 1947 to
Aug. 15th, 1947 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:
August 8-15. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie_______________

Subscribed and sworn to before
me this 15th day of August, 1947

A. E. Cahlan_____________________

Notary Public in and for Clark

County, Nevada	My commission expires Jan 12, 1951
ORDINANCE NO. 337

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS TO MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING COMPLETE STREET
LIGHTING UNITS WITH PARKWAY CABLE AND STEEL STANDARDS ALONG CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF
STREETS IN SAID CITY; PROVIDING THAT THE COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY
SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDED WITHIN THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY
ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO BENEFITS, EXCEPT WHERE, BY THE CHARTER OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS;

CERTAIN PORTIONS THEREOF ARE REQUIRED TO BE PAID FROM THE GENERAL FUND OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS; AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby declares its
determination to make the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, in accordance
with the plats, diagrams, and estimates of costs on file in the office of the City Clerk of
the City of Las Vegas;

To install 18 complete street lighting units with parkway cable and steel standards in,
aver, and along all the streets embraced within that subdivision in the City of Las Vegas
known as Charleston Square Tract 1.

Section 2. The cost and expense of making the improvements described in Section 1 of
this Ordinance shall be paid by special assessment to be made according to benefits against
the owners and upon the taxable lots and premises embraced within the special assessment district
hereby created and composed of all the taxable lots and premises included within and constit-
uting the subdivision known as Charleston Square Tract 1, as shown on a plat thereof, on file
in the office of the Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 2 of Plats, on Page 66, except
where by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required to be paid
from the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall keep the Plats, diagrams
and estimates of costs, on file in her office for public inspection, and the Clerk of the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall give notice thereof, and of the proposed
improvements, of the location thereof, and of the district to be assessed, by publication for
two weeks, that is to s ay, once a week for two successive weeks, in the Las Vegas Evening
Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, by posting notices of
the same in at least three public places in each ward, and also by posting a notice in or
near the Post Office of the City, and posting notices in three public places near the site
of the proposed improvements. The notices shall also state the time when the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas will meet and consider any suggestions and objections that
may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements.

Section 4. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as
in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas shall cause this Ordinance No. 337 to be published once a week for two consecutive weeks,
immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Pat Clark_________________

ATTEST:	Mayor Pro Tem

Helen Scott Reed___________ (seal)

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board
of City Commissioners on the 22nd day of August, 1947, and referred to the following committee
composed of Commissioners Clark and Baskin for recommendation; thereafter the said committee
reported favorably on the said Ordinance on the 5th day of September, 1947, which was the
next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on
the 5th day of September, 1947, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City
Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple & His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark.

Voting Nay: None.

Absent: Mayor Cragin

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed	APPROVED: Pat Clark___________

City Clerk	(SEAL)	Mayor pro tem.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City
Commissioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 22nd day
of September, 1947, and passed by the following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple & His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting Nay: None.

Absent: Comm. Clark.

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed	APPROVED: E. W. Cragin___________

City Clerk	Mayor
STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

DICK LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is foreman of the
LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was
continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Sept. 8th, 1947 to
Sept. 15, 1947 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:
Sept. 8-15. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named. 

Signed Dick Lochrie______________

Subscribed and sworn to before
me this 15th day of September, 1947

A. E. Cahlan________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County,

Nevada.

My Commission expires Jan 12, 1951.

-----oOo-----

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 338

AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO BORROW
$125,000.00 ON THE CREDIT OF THE CITY AND PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE AND SALE BY TEE CITY
OF ITS NEGOTIABLE COUPON BONDS IN THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $125,000.00 TO BE
DESIGNATED POLICE STATION BONDS, 1947, SERIES A, FOR THE PURPOSE OF FINANCING THE RETIREMENT
OF AN EMERGENCY LOAN PREVIOUSLY AUTHORIZED BY SAID BOARD, ACCORDING TO LAW, FOR THE COMPLETION
OF THE CONSTRUCTION OF THE POLICE STATION; PRESCRIBING THE FORM OF SAID BONDS AND PROVIDING
FOR THE LEVY AND COLLECTION OF AN ANNUAL TAX TO PAY THE PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST ON SAID BONDS;
DECLARING AN EMERGENCY BY REASON OF THE FACT THAT THE POLICE STATION NOW BEING CONSTRUCTED
BY THE CITY CANNOT BE COMPLETED WITHOUT THE EXPENDITURE OF ADDITIONAL FUNDS; PROVIDING FOR
THE PUBLIC SALE OF SAID BONDS AND PRESCRIBING THE FORM OF SALE NOTICE; AUTHORIZING THE
EXECUTION OF SAID BONDS AND PRESCRIBING OTHER DETAILS IN CONNECTION THEREWITH.

WHEREAS, by the result of an election held on Tuesday, the 8th day of May, 1945,
the tax-paying electors of the City of Las Vegas authorized the issuance of bonds in the
amount of $140,000 for the purpose of constructing a police station and necessary facilities
for the use of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; and

WHEREAS, by Ordinance No. 310 adopted and approved on November, 7, 1945, the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, authorized the issuance of Police Station
Bonds in the principal amount of $140,000 for the construction of a police station and
facilities in the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, in accordance with the authority so conferred, the Board of Commissioners
has heretofore issued and sold said bonds in the amount of $140,000; and

WHEREAS, due to the rising costs of building, and in order to expedite the construction
and completion of the police station and jail	facilities, the	Board of	Commissioners of the

City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in accordance with	the Laws of the	State of	Nevada, and the

Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, has	heretofore made	a temporary emergency loan	in

the sum of $125,000, the proceeds of which were and are to be	used for	the completion of

the construction of the police station and facilities for the use of the City of Las Vegas;
and

WHEREAS, in accordance with the Laws of the State of Nevada and the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the Board of Commissioners of said City has heretofore caused to
be issued and published a proclamation of the intention of the City to submit at the general
election held May 6, 1947, the proposition of issuing bonds of the said City in the sum of
$125,000, the proceeds of which are to be used to provide for the payment of an emergency
loan authorized according to law, and required for the completion of the construction of the
City Police Station, which said proclamation was published and posted in its entirety as
required by law; and

WHEREAS, at the general election held on the 6th day of May, 1947, there was submitted
to the qualified electors, both property owners and non-property owners, the follow question:
"Shall the City of Las Vegas issue bonds in the sum of $125,000 to secure the necessary funds
to finance the payment of an emergency loan for the completion of the construction of said
police station"; and

WHEREAS, Thereafter on May 16, 1947, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas met for the purpose of canvassing the votes upon said question cast at the municipal
election held May 6, 1947, and did find and declare that said question of issuing said bonds
for the purpose and in the amount aforesaid, was carried by the approving vote of a majority
of the qualified electors, both property owners and non-property owners.

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, DOES

ORDAIN:

Section 1. That all proceedings heretofore taken by the Board of Commissioners and
by the officers of the City of Las Vegas directed toward the issuance of the $125,000
emergency loan and the issuance of its bonds for the purpose of obtaining funds to finance
the payment of the emergency loan, be and the same are hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

Section 2. That for the purpose of securing funds in the sum of $125,000 to finance
the payment of an emergency loan for the completion of the construction of the city police
station, pursuant to the powers vested in the City and its Board of Commissioners under the
Charter of the City and the general laws of the State of Nevada, there be issued bonds of the
said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, designated Police Station Bonds, 1947, Series A, in the aggre-
gate principal amount of $125,000, bearing interest at a rate of not exceeding three per
centum per annum.

Section 3. That the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized and
directed to have said police station bonds prepared in the aggregate principal amount of
$125,000.

The proceeds from the sale of said bonds shall be used for the purpose of retiring
the $125,000 emergency loan of said City heretofore issued for the purpose of completing the
construction of the police station in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 4. That for the purpose of providing funds as aforesaid, the city of Las
Vegas on behalf of said City and upon the credit thereof shall issue the negotiable coupon
bonds of said City in the aggregate principal amount of $125,000, consisting of 125 bonds
in the denomination of $1,000 each, numbered from 1 to 125, both inclusive, bearing date as
of the first day of October, 1947, bearing interest at a rate of not exceeding three per
cent per annum, payable semi-annually on the first days of April and October in each year,
as evidenced by interest coupons attached to said bonds, both principal and interest being
payable in lawful money of the United States of America at the office of the City Treasurer
of the City of Las Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada. Said bonds shall mature serially in regular
numerical order, $11,000 on October 1, 1948, and $6,000 on October 1st in each of the years
1949 to 1967, both inclusive,

Bonds numbered 36 to 125, both inclusive, maturing on and after October 1, 1953,
are subject to redemption in inverse numerical order at the option of the City of Las Vegas
on the first day of October, 1952, or on any interest payment date thereafter prior to
maturity at a price equal to the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the
redemption date. Notice of redemption shall be given by the County Treasurer of Clark
County, Nevada, as Ex-Officio Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas in the name of the City
of Las Vegas by publication of said notice at least once in each calendar week on any day
of the week for at least four successive weeks prior to the redemption date in a newspaper
of general circulation in the City of Las Vegas and a copy of such notice shall be sent by
registered mail at least thirty days prior to the redemption date to the purchaser or
purchasers of said bonds. Such notice shall specify the number or numbers of the bonds to
be so redeemed (if less than all are to be redeemed) and the date fixed for redemption, and
shall further state that on such redemption date there will become and be due and payable
upon each bond so to be redeemed at the office of the City Treasurer the principal amount
thereof with accrued interest to the redemption date, and that from and after such date,
interest will cease to accrue. Notice having been given in the manner hereinbefore provided,
the bond or bonds so called for redemption shall become due and payable on the redemption
date so designated and upon presentation thereof at the office of the City Treasurer, to-
gether with all appurtenant coupons maturing subsequent to the redemption date the City
of Las Vegas will pay the bond or bonds so called for redemption.

Section 5. Said bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the city of Las Vegas, shall
be attested by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas under the seal of said city, and
shall be countersigned by the County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, as Ex-officio
City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas. The coupons attached to said bonds shall bear
the facsimile signature of said City treasurer which officer by the execution of said
bonds shall adopt as and for his signature the facsimile thereof appearing on said coupons.



Section 6. That said bonds and the coupons attached thereto shall be in substantially
the following form:

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS

POLICE STATION BONDS, 1947, SERIES A

No.______ $1,000.00

The City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Nevada, acknowledges itself
indebted and hereby promises to pay to Dearer thereof the sum of

ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,000)

on the first day of October, A. D., 19   , with interest thereon at the rate of _______per

cent per annum, payable semi-annually on the first days of April and October in each year,
both principal and interest being payable in lawful money of the United States of America at
the office of the City Treasurer in Las Vegas, Nevada, upon presentation and surrender of
the annexed coupons and of this bond as they severally become due.

This bond is issued by the City of Las Vegas upon behalf of said City and upon the
credit thereof for the purpose of securing funds to finance the payment of an emergency
loan for the completion of the construction of the city police station, pursuant to the
powers vested in the City and its Board of Commissioners under the Charter of the City and
the general laws of the State of Nevada.

*(This bond is subject to redemption at the option of the City of Las Vegas on the
first day of October, 1952, or on any interest payment date thereafter at a price equal to the
principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption date. Redemption shall be
made upon not less than thirty days' prior notice by publication in a newspaper of general
circulation in the City of Las Vegas in the manner and upon the conditions provided in the
ordinance authorizing the issuance of this bond.)

It is hereby certified and recited that all of the requirements of law have been
fully complied with by the officers of said City in the issuance of this bond; that the
total indebtedness of said City, including that of this bond, does not exceed any limit of
indebtedness prescribed by the constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, nor by the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and that provision has been made for the levy and col-
lection of annual taxes sufficient to pay the interest on and the principal of this bond when
the same becomes due.
The faith and credity of the City of Las Vegas are hereby pledged for the punctual
payment of the principal of and the interest on this bond.

IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas has caused this bond to be signed by
its Mayor and attested by its City Clerk under the seal of said City and to be countersigned
by the City Treasurer, all as of the first day of October, A. D. 1947.

______________(Do not sign)____________

Mayor

COUNTERSIGNED:

______________(Do not sign)____________

City Treasurer

ATTEST:

_____(Do not sign)	_____

City Clerk

(SEAL)

*	(To be inserted in bonds numbered 36 to 125, both inclusive, maturing after
October 1, 1952.)

(Form of Coupon)

No.____	$_________

April

On the first day of October, A. D. 19	*( unless the bond to which this coupon

is attached has been called for prior redemption) the City of Las Vegas in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, will pay the bearer

Dollars

at the office of the City Treasurer in Las Vegas, Nevada, in lawful money of the United
States of America, being six months' interest on its Police Station Bonds, 1947, Series A,
dated October 1, 1947, No._______.

_______________(Facsimile Signature)____

City Treasurer

*	(To be inserted in coupons maturing after April 1, 1952 attached to bonds numbered
36 to 125, both inclusive.)

Section 7. That said Police Station Bonds, 1947, Series A, shall be sold at public
sale to the person or persons offering the best and most advantageous terms to said City.

The Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized and directed to give notice
offering said police station bonds for sale and calling for bids for the purchase of said
bonds by publishing a notice once	a week for four consecutive	weeks by	five insertions	at

weekly intervals in The Las Vegas	Evening Review-Journal, the	official	newspaper of the City

of Las Vegas and by mailing a copy of such notice at least three weeks prior to the date
fixed for the sale to the State Board of Finance, Carson City, Nevada, which said notice
shall be in substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF SALE
OF

CITY OF LAS VEGAS. NEVADA. POLICE STATION BONDS. 1947. SERIES A

$125.000.00 - OCTOBER 1. 1947

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will on

the day of_______________________, 1947, at_____o'clock ___. M., at the City Office in Las

Vegas, Nevada, offer for sale the	following described general	obligation bonds of said	City:

City of Las Vegas Police	Station Bonds, 1947, Series	A, dated	October 1,

1947, in the aggregate principal amount of $125,000.00, numbered from 1
to 125, both inclusive, in the denomination of $1,000.00 each, maturing
serially in numerical order $11,000.00 on October 1, 1948, and $6,000.00
on October 1st in each of the years 1949 to 1967, both inclusive; bonds
numbered 36 to 125, both inclusive, maturing on the first day of October
in each of the years 1953 to 1967, both inclusive, being subject to
redemption in inverse numerical order at the option of the City on the
first day of October, 1952, or on any interest payment date thereafter
upon the payment of the principal amount thereof and accrued interest to
the redemption date, and all of said bonds bearing interest at a rate
not to exceed three per centum per annum, payable semi-annually on the
first days of April and October in each year, both principal and interest
being payable at the office of the City Treasurer, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Bidders are required to submit a bid specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest
and premium, if any, above par at which the bidder will purchase said bonds; or (b) the
lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase said bonds at par. The bonds
will be sold to the bidder making the best bid, subject to the right of the corporate
authorities of the City of Las Vegas to reject any and all bids and re-advertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest, nor will
any discount or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds. All bids shall be
sealed and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be accompanied by a deposit of
five per cent, either cash or certified check, of the amount of the bid, either cash or
certified check, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is not accepted;
and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said bonds
within thirty days following the acceptance of his bid, the amount of his deposit shall be
forfeited to the City of Las Vegas, and, in that event, the corporate authorities of said
City may accept the bid of the one making the next best bid, or if all bids are rejected,
such authorities may re-advertise said bonds for sale. If there be two or more equal bids
and such bids are the best bids received, and are not less than par and accrued interest,
the corporate authorities will determine which bid shall be accepted.

The legality of the bonds will be approved by Messrs. Pershing, Bosworth, Dick and
Dawson, Attorneys at Law, Denver, Colorado, whose opinion, together with the printed bonds,
will be furnished the purchaser without charge.

Dates at Las Vegas, Nevada, this	day of	, A.D. 1947.

Mayor

(SEAL)

Section 8. That when said bonds have been duly executed and sold, the City Treasurer
of the City of Las Vegas shall deliver them to the lawful purchaser thereof on receipt of
the purchase price. The funds realized from the sale of said bonds shall be applied solely to
the retirement of the emergency loan of said City heretofore issued for the purpose of
completing the construction of the police station in the City of Las Vegas, but the purchaser
of said bonds shall in no manner be responsible for the application by said City or any of its
officers of any of the funds derived from the sale thereof.

Section 9. The interest falling due on said bonds on April 1, 1948 shall be paid
out of the general fund of said City, or any other funds that may be available for such
purpose, and there shall be levied in the year 1948 on all property both real and personal,
subject to taxation within the boundaries of said City, including the net proceeds of mines,
a tax sufficient to reimburse said fund or funds for such installment of interest, and for
the purpose of creating a fund for the payment of said bonds and the interest thereon, there
shall be levied in the year 1948 and annually thereafter, a sufficient tax on all property,
both real and personal, subject to taxation within the boundaries of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, including the net proceeds of mines, sufficient to pay the interest
on said bonds and to pay and retire the same as hereinabove provided; and provided further
that in the preparation of the annual appropriation ordinance for the City, the City Council
shall first make proper provision, through the levy of sufficient taxes, for the payment of
the interest on and the retirement of the principal of the bonded indebtedness of the City,
and the amount of money necessary for this purpose, together with the amounts necessary for
the payment of principal of and interest on the other bonded indebtedness of the City, and the
amount of money necessary for this purpose, together with the amounts necessary for the pay-
ment of principal of and interest on the other bonded indebtedness of the City, shall be a
first charge against all of the revenue received by said City. In any year in which the total
taxes levied by all overlapping political subdivisions and taxing units in Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, may exceed the limitation of five cents on the dollar imposed by Section 2
of Article X of the Constitution of the State of Nevada, and it shall become necessary by
reason thereof to reduce the levies made in behalf of said City, the reductions so made shall
be in taxes levied for or by such City for purposes other than the payment of its bonded
indebtedness and interest thereon, the taxes levied hereafter for the payment of such bonded
indebtedness, and the interest thereon, shall always enjoy a priority over taxes levied
for or on behalf of such city for any other purposes where reduction is necessary in order to
comply with the limitations of said Section 2 of Article X, or with the City Charter of Las
Vegas, Nevada. Such tax shall be levied and collected in the same manner and at the same
time as other taxes are levied and collected, and the proceeds thereof shall be kept by the
County Treasurer in a special fund to be known as the "Police Station Bond, 1947, Series A
Fund", which shall be used for no other purpose than the payment of principal and interest
as the same fall due. Such tax shall be levied in the year 1948 and annually thereafter
until all of said bonds, and the interest thereon, shall have been fully paid, satisfied
and discharged. Any sums coming due on said bonds at any time when there are on hand from
such tax levy or levies, insufficient funds to pay the same, shall be promptly paid when
due from general funds on hand belonging to the City of Las Vegas, reimbursement to be made
to such general funds in the sums thus advanced when taxes herein provided for shall have
been collected.

Section 10. The City Council does hereby find and declare that the life of the
improvement to be constructed out of the proceeds of the sale of said bonds shall and will
be in excess of twenty years.

Section 11. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be, and they hereby are,
authorized and directed to take all action necessary for or appropriate to effectuate the
provisions of this ordinance, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the printing of said bonds and the execution of such certificates as may be required by the
purchaser thereof relating to the signing of the bonds, the tenure and identity of the
Municipal Officials, the assessed valuation and indebtedness of the City of Las Vegas, the
receipt of the bond purchase price and the absence of litigation pending or threatened
affecting the validity thereof.

Section 12. All ordinances or parts thereof in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed. After the bonds hereby authorized have been issued, this ordinance shall
constitute a contract between the City of Las Vegas and the holder or holders of said bonds,
and shall be and remain irrepealable until said bonds and the interest accruing thereon shall
have been fully paid, satisfied and discharged.

Section 13, This ordinance shall be and became effective immediately after its
adoption, approval and the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in The Las Vegas
Evening Review Journal.

Section 14. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed
to cause this ordinance to be published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive
weeks, immediately after its final passage and approval at this meeting.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 19th day of September, A.D. 1947.
E. W. Cragin_____________

Mayor

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

(SEAL)

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

Mayor	E.	W.	Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner	R.	T.	Baskin	"Aye"

Commissioner	Rob't. T. Moore	"Aye"

Commissioner	C.	R.	Clark	"Aye"

Commissioner	Reed Whipple	"Aye"

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

None.

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed	E. W. Cragin______________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman
of the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from September 22,

1947 to Sept. 29, 1947, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: Sept. 22-29. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named.

Signed_________Dick Lochrie___________

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 29th day of September, 1947.

A. E. Cahlan______________________

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires
Jan 12, 1951.

----0O0-------

ORDINANCE NO. 339

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING CERTAIN TERRITORY ADJOINING AND CONTIGUOUS TO THE CORPORATE
LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO BE ANNEXED TO THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; ORDERING A PLAT
SHOWING SAID TERRITORY TO BE RECORDED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF THE COUNTY OF.
CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO.

WHEREAS, all the property owners, inhabitants and freeholders of the territory
hereinafter described have duly petitioned the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas to annex said territory to said City; NOW, THEREFORE,

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. All that certain territory in the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
adjoining and contiguous to the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, and being the
South Half (S½) of the Southwest Quarter (SW¼) of Section 22, Township 20 South, Range 61
East, M. D. B. & M., together with the tenements, property and inhabitants thereof, is hereby
declared to be annexed to and be a part of the City of Las Vegas and subject to all the taxes
and laws thereof.

Section 2. The City Engineer of the City of Las Vegas is hereby ordered and directed
to prepare a plat showing the territory hereby annexed to the City of Las Vegas and to cause
said plat to be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada.

Section 3. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication,
as in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 4. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas shall cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks
immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

E. W. Cragin_______________

Mayor

ATTEST:

Helen Scott Reed______________

City Clerk

(SEAL)
The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board
of City Commissioners on the 22nd day of September, 1947, and referred to the following com-
mittee composed of Commissioners Baskin and Moore for recommendation; thereafter the said
committee reported favorably on the said Ordinance on the 7th day of October, 1947, which was
the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at said regular meeting
held on the 7th day of October, 1947, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board
of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye" Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple & His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None.

Absent: None.

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed_________ APPROVED: E. W. Cragin___________________________________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of
City Commissioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the
22nd day of October, 1947, and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None.

Absent: Comm. Clark

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed.________ APPROVED: E. W. Cragin___________________________________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was
continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Oct. 8th, 1947 to
Oct. 15th, 1947, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-
wit: Oct. 8-15. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie_______________

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 15th day of October, 1947.

A E. Cahlan_________

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada

My Commission Expires
Jan. 12, 1951.

-----0O0-----

ORDINANCE NO. 340

AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO
DEFRAY THE COST OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND
SURFACING CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ACCORDING TO THE
PLATS, DIAGRAMS AND ESTIMATES OF COST THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE
AMOUNT OF SAID ASSESSMENT AND DESCRIBING AND DESIGNATING THE LOCALITY CONSTITUTING THE
DISTRICTS TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO BENEFITS, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS of the City of Las Vegas DO ORDAIN as follows:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the cost of making certain improvements in
the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and surfacing with two-inch (2"), asphaltic surfacing
material, upon Biltmore Drive, Melrose Drive, Washington Avenue, First Street, and all other
public streets and rights of way embraced within that subdivision in the City of Las Vegas
known as Biltmore Addition Annex No. 1, and Fourth Street, Bell Drive, Tiffany Lane, Bonanza
Road, and all other public streets and rights of way embraced within that subdivision in the
City of Las Vegas known as Biltmore Addition Annex No. 2, according to the plats, diagrams
and estimates of cost heretofore prepared and adopted by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas and on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, the
ex-officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby empowered, authorized and
directed as follows:

1. To make, forthwith, a special assessment in the total amount of Seven
Thousand Six Hundred Three Dollars and Forty Five Cents ($7,603.45), and
to levy said assessment according to benefits against the owners of and
upon the taxable lots and premises embraced within the special assessment
district created by Ordinance No. 321 of the City of Las Vegas and composed
of all the taxable lots and premises included within and constituting
the subdivision known as Biltmore Addition Annex No. 1 to the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown on a plat thereof on file in the office of
the Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 2, of Plats on Page 40.

2. To make, forthwith, a special assessment in the total amount of Ten
Thousand Twenty Three Dollars and Eighty One Cents ($10,023.81), and
to levy said assessment according to benefits against the owners of
and upon the taxable lots and premises embraced within the special
assessment district created by Ordinance No. 321 of the City of Las
Vegas and composed of all the taxable lots and premises included
within and constituting the subdivision known as Biltmore Addition
Annex No. 2 to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown on a plat
thereof on file in the office of the Recorder of Clark County, Nevada,
in Book 2 of Plats on Page 46.

Section 2. In no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such
lot or premises exceed s0% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest
tax list or assessment roll for State and County taxation, but such cost in excess of 20%
shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the general fund.

Section 3. The ex-officio City Assessor shall prepare an assessment roll in the
manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and shall assess each lot and parcel
of land embraced within the aforementioned special assessment districts such relative portion
of the whole sum to be levied in each of said districts as shall be proportionate to the
estimated benefit resulting to such lot or parcel of land embraced within the aforementioned
special assessment districts such relative portion of the whole sum to be levied in each of
said districts as shall be proportionate to the estimated benefit resulting to such lot or
parcel of land from the improvement.

Section 4. After the special assessment roll, as herein provided for, shall have
been prepared and completed, the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall report the same to the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and thereafter it shall be filed in the Office of
the City Clerk and numbered, and the Board of Commissioners shall cause notice thereof to
the persons whose names appear upon the assessment roll, and to all others interested therein,
to be published for at least two weeks in some newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
of the time when the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to
review the assessments, and any person objecting to the assessments may file his objections
thereto with the City Clerk.

Section 5. At the time appointed for reviewing the assessments, the Board of
Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet and give all persons interested
an opportunity to be heard, and shall consider any and all objections that may be filed with
the City Clerk, and then, or at some adjourned meeting, shall review the assessments and
correct the same and confirm it as corrected, or confirm it as reported, or annul it and
direct a new assessment to be made.

Section 6. When the assessments shall be confirmed as herein provided it shall be
final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to the County Assessor, acting
Ex-Officio City Assessor, the Assessment Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners,
with his certificate of such confirmation and of the date thereof. The County Assessor,
acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record such
Assessment Roll in his office and append thereto his certificate of the date of such
recording, whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the
contents of such assessment roll, and it shall be prima facia evidence in all courts and
tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the
validity of the assessment and assessment roll. After the assessment roll has been con-
firmed and recorded, the several amounts levied thereon shall be come at once due and payable
and shall constitute and be a lien upon the respective lots and parcels of land and improve-
ments assessed and shall be charged against the persons and properties until paid.

Section 7. All assessments when due and payable, as in this ordinance provided,
shall be paid to the County Treasurer and ex-officio Tax Receiver, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and ex-officio Treasurer and Tax Receiver of the City of Las Vegas, and be by
that officer paid into and credited to the special fund to be known as and called "Las Vegas
1946 Biltmore Addition Annex No. 1 and Biltmore Addition Annex No. 2 Street Fund."

Section 8. All costs and expenses incurred in making the improvements shall be
charged to and paid out of said fund, provided, however, that all monies drawn on the
General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to defray any of the costs and expenses of making
the improvements or, if it shall become necessary to draw upon the General Fund to defray
any of the costs and expenses of the improvements, except as otherwise provided by the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas, the General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds
from the "Las Vegas 1946 Biltmore Addition Annex No. 1 and Biltmore Addition Annex No. 2
Street Fund" as soon as conditions of the same will permit, and provided further that where
there shall be lands belonging to the City or public grounds not taxable, abutting on such
improvements, or such improvements shall be made upon interior spaces opposite alleys, and
squares and spaces formed by the intersection of streets, such part of the expense of the
improvements as estimated by the assessor to be justly apportionable to such public ground,
the City property, and to any interior spaces opposity alleys, and squares and spaces
formed by the intersection of streets shall be paid from the General Fund and borne by the
City of Las Vegas, and the balance of such expense shall be assessed upon the taxable lots
included in such special assessment districts in proportion to the estimated benefits
resulting thereto from the improvement.

Section 9. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication
as in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 10. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to cause this Ordinance No. 340 to be published
once a week for two consecutive weeks, immediately following its first reading and adoption,
in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas.

ATTEST: 

(Seal) Helen Scott Reed. City Clerk	Approved: E. W. Cragin, Mayor.
The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board
of City Commissioners on the 7th day of October, 1947, and referred to the following com-
mittee composed of Commissioners Whipple	and Clark	for recommendation; thereafter the said

committee reported favorably on	the said	Ordinance	on the 22nd day of October,	1947, which

was the next regular meeting of	said Board of City	Commissioners; that at said	regular

meeting held on the 22nd day of	October,	1947, the	proposed Ordinance was read	in full to the

Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None.

Absent: Comm. Clark.

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed	APPROVED: E. W. Cragin_________________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

THe Above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City
Commissioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 7th day
of November, 1947, and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor.

Voting "Nay": None.

Absent: None.

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed	APPROVED: E. W. Cragin_________________

City Clerk	Mayor

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Oct 24, 1947 to Oct 31, 1947
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Oct 24-31.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie_________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 31st day of October, 1947

A. E. Cahlan_____________________

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada

My Commission Expires
Jan 12, 1951

------oOo----



EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 341'

AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,

TO BORROW $250,000 ON THE CREDIT OF THE CITY; TO PROVIDE FOR THE ISSUANCE AND SALE BY THE CITY
OF ITS NEGOTIABLE COUPON BONDS IN THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $250,000 TO BE DESIGNATED
"STORM SEWER BONDS, SERIES OF JANUARY 1, 1948", TO SECURE THE NECESSARY FUNDS TO FINANCE THE
CONSTRUCTION OF STORM SEWERS AND STORM DRAINS; PRESCRIBING THE FORM OF SAID BONDS AND PROVIDE
FOR THE LEVY AND COLLECTION OF AN ANNUAL TAX TO PAY THE PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST ON SAID BONDS;
PROVIDING FOR THE PUBLIC SALE OF SAID BONDS AND PRESCRIBING THE FORM OF THE SALE NOTICE AND
AUTHORIZING THE EXECUTION OF THE SAID BONDS, AND PRESCRIBING OTHER DETAILS IN CONNECTION
THEREWITH.

WHEREAS, at the general election held on the 6th day of May, 1947, there was submitted
to the qualified electors, both property owners and non-property owners, the following
question: "Shall the City of Las Vegas issue bonds in the sum of $250,000.00 to secure the
necessary funds to finance the construction of storm sewers and storm drains"; and

WHEREAS, Thereafter on May 16, 1947, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
met for the purpose of canvassing the votes upon said question cast at the municipal election
held May 6, 1947, and did find and declare that said question of issuing said bonds for the
purpose and in the amount aforesaid, was carried by the approving vote of a majority of the
qualified electors, both property owners and non-property owners.

NOW, THEREFORE, TEE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, DOES ORDAIN:

Section 1. That all proceedings heretofore taken by the Board of Commissioners and by
the officers of the City of Las Vegas directed toward the issuance of its $250,000.00 of bonds
for the purpose of financing the cost of the construction of storm sewers and storm drains, be
and the same are hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.
Section 2. That for the purpose of securing funds in the sum of $250,000.00 to finance
the cost of construction of storm sewers and storm drains, pursuant to the powers vested in
the City and its Board of Commissioners under the Charter of the City and the general laws of
the State of Nevada, there be issued bonds of the said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, designated
"Storm Sewer Bonds, Series of January 1, 1948", in the aggregate principal amount of $250,000.00
bearing interest at a rate of not exceeding three per centum per annum.

Section 3. That the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized and directed
to have said storm sewer bonds prepared in the aggregate principal amount of $250,000.00.

The proceeds from the sale of said bonds shall be used for the purpose of financing the
cost of construction of storm sewers and storm drains in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 4. That for the purpose of providing funds as aforesaid, the City of Las Vegas
on behalf of said City and upon the credit thereof shall issue the negotiable coupon bonds
of said City in the aggregate principal amount of $250,000.00, consisting of 250 bonds in the
denomination of $1,000 each, numbered from 1 to 250, both inclusive, bearing date as of the
first day of January, 1948, bearing interest at a rate not exceeding three per cent per annum,
payable semi-annually on the first days of January and July in each year, as evidenced by in-
terest coupons attached to said bonds, both principal and interest being payable in lawful
money of the United States of America at the office of the City Treasurer of the City of
Las Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada. Said bonds shall mature serially in regular numerical order,
$3,000.00 on January 1, 1949, and #13,000.00 in each of the years 1950 to 1968, both inclusive.
Bonds numbered 56 to 250, both inclusive, maturing on and after January 1, 1954, are subject
to redemption in inverse numerical order at the option of the City of Las Vegas on the first
day of January, 1953, or on any inter st payment date thereafter prior to maturity at a price
equal to the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption date. Notice of
redemption shall be given by the County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, as Ex-officio
Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas in the name of the City of Las Vegas by publication of said
notice at least once in each calendar week on any day of the week for at least four successive
weeks prior to the redemption date in a newspaper of general circulation in the City of Las
Vegas and a copy of such notice shall be sent by registered mail at least thirty days prior
to the redemption date to the purchaser or purchasers of said bonds. Such notice shall
specify the number or numbers of the bonds to be so redeemed (if less than all are to be
redeemed) and the date fixed for redemption, and shall further state that on such redemption
date there will become and be due and payable upon each bond so to be redeemed at the office
of the City Treasurer the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption
date, and that from and after such date, interest will cease to accrue. Notice having been
given in the manner hereinbefore provided, the bond or bonds so called for redemption shall
become due and payable on the redemption date so designated and upon presentation thereof at
the office of the City Treasurer, together with all appurtenant coupons maturing subsequent
to the redemption date the City of Las Vegas will pay the bond or bonds so called for redemp-
tion.

Section 5. Said bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, shall be
attested by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas under the seal of said city, and shall
be countersigned by the County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, as Ex-officio City
Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas. The coupons attached to said bonds shall bear the facsimile
signature of said City Treasurer which officer by the execution of said bonds shall adopt
as and for his signature the facsimile thereof appearing on said coupons.

Section 6. That said bonds and the coupons attached thereto shall be in substantially
the following form:

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS

STORM SEWER BONDS, SERIES OF JANUARY 1, 1948

No.________ $1,000.00

The City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Nevada, acknowledges itself
indebted and hereby promises to pay to bearer hereof the sum of

ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,000)	

on the first day of January, A. D., 19___, with interest thereon at the rate of ___________

per cent per annum, payable semi-annually on the first days of January and July in each year,
both principal and interest being payable in lawful money of the United States of America
at the office of the City Treasurer in Las Vegas, Nevada, upon presentation and surrender of
the annexed coupons and of this bond as they severally become due.

This bond is issued by the City of Las Vegas upon behalf of said City and upon the
credit thereof for the purpose of securing funds to finance the construction of storm sewers
and storm drains, pursuant to the powers vested in the City and its Board of Commissioners
under the Charter of the City and the general laws of the State of Nevada.

*(This bond is subject to redemption at the option of the City of Las Vegas on the first
day of January, 1953, or on any interest payment date thereafter at a price equal to the
principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption date. Redemption shall be
made upon not less than thirty days' prior notice by publication in a newspaper of general
circulation in the City of Las Vegas in the manner and upon the conditions provided in the
ordinance authorizing the issuance of this bond.)

It is hereby certified and recited that all of the requirements of law have been fully
complied with by the officers of said City in the issuance of this bond; that the total
indebtedness of said City, including that of this bond, does not exceed any limit of indebt-
edness prescribed by the constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, nor by the Charter of
the City of Las Vegas, and that provision has been made for the levy and collection of annual
taxes sufficient to pay the interest on and the principal of this bond when the same become
due.

The faith and credit of the City of Las Vegas are hereby pledged for the punctual
payment of the principal of and the interest on this bond.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas has caused this bond to be signed by its
Mayor and attested by its City Clerk under the seal of said City and to be countersigned by the
City Treasurer, all as of the first day of January, A. D., 1948.

______(do	not sign)	

Mayor

ATTEST:

(do not sign)______________ COUNTERSIGNED:

City Clerk

_______)do	not sign)____________

City Treasurer	

(SEAL)

*(to be inserted in bonds numbered 56 to 250, both inclusive, maturing after January]

1, 1954)

(Form of Coupon)

No._______ $____________________________________________________________________________________

July

On the first day of January, A. D., 19  *(unless the bond to which this coupon is
attached has been called for prior redemption) the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, will pay the bearer

Dollars

at the office of the City Treasurer in Las Vegas, Nevada, in lawful money of the United States
of America, being six months' interest on its storm sewer bonds, Series of January 1, 1948.

Bond No.	(Facsimile Signature)_______

City Treasurer

*(To be inserted in coupons maturing on and after July 1, 1953, attached to bonds
numbered 56 to 250, both inclusive.)

Section 7* That said Storm Sewer Bonds, Series of January 1, 1948, shall be sold
at public sale to the person or persons offering the best and most advantageous terms to said
City. The Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized and directed to give notice
offering said storm sewer bonds for sale and calling for bids for the purchase of said bonds
by publishing a notice once a week for four consecutive weeks By five insertions at weekly
intervals in The Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, the official newspaper of the City of Las
Vegas and by mailing a copy of such notice at least three weeks prior to the date fixed for the
sale to the State Board of Finance, Carson City, Nevada, which said notice shall be in sub-
stantially the following form:

NOTICE OF SALE
OF

CITY OF LAS VEGAS. STORM SEWER BONDS, SERIES OF JANUARY 1, 1948

$250,000.00 - JANUARY 1. 1948

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will on the
22nd day of January, 1948 at 2:00 o'clock, P.M., at the City Office in Las Vegas, Nevada, offer
for sale the following described general obligation bonds of said City:

City of Las Vegas Storm Sewer Bonds, Series of January 1, 1948, dated January 1,

1948, in the aggregate principal amount of $250,000.00, numbered from 1 to 250,
both inclusive, in the denomination of $1,000.00 each, maturing serially in
numerical order, $3,000.00 on January 1, 1949, and $13,000.00 on January 1st in
each of the years 1950 to 1968, both inclusive; Bonds numbered 56 to 250, both
inclusive, maturing on the first day of January in each of the years 1954 to
1968, both inclusive, being subject to redemption in inverse numerical order
at the option of the City on the first day of January, 1953, or on any interest
payment date thereafter upon the payment of the principal amount thereof and
accrued interest to the redemption date, and all of said bonds bearing interest
at a rate not to exceed three per centum per annum, payable semi-annually on
the first days of January and July in each year, both principal and interest
being payable at the office of the City Treasurer, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Bidders are required to submit a bid specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest and
premium, if any, above par at which the bidder will purchase said bonds; or (b) the lowest
rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase said bonds at par. The bonds will be sold
to the bidder making the best bid, subject to the right of the corporate authorities of the
City of Las Vegas to reject any and all bids and re-advertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest, nor will any
discount or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds. All bids shall be sealed
and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be accompanied by a deposit of five per cent,
either cash or certified check, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is
not accepted; and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of
said bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his bid, the amount of his deposit
shall be forfeited to the City of Las Vegas, and, in that event, the corporate authorities
of said City may accept the bid of the one making the next best bid, or if all bids are
rejected, such authorities may re-advertise said bonds for sale. If there be two or more
equal bids and such bids are the best bids received, and are not less than par and accrued
interest, the corporate authorities will determine which bid shall be accepted.

The legality of the bonds will be approved by Messrs. Pershing, Bosworth, Dick and
Dawson, Attorneys at Law, Denver, Colorado, whose opinion, together with the printed bonds, will
be furnished the purchaser without charge.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 22nd day of December, A.D., 1947.

(SEAL)	E. W. CRAGIN________________

Mayor
SECTION 8. That when said bonds have been duly executed and sold, the City
Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas shall deliver them to the lawful purchaser thereof on
receipt of the purchase price. The funds realized from the sale of said bonds shall be
applied solely to the construction of storm sewers and storm drains in the City of Las
Vegas, but the purchaser of said bonds shall in no manner be responsible for the application
by said City or any of its officers of any of the funds derived from the sale thereof.

SECTION 9. The interest falling due on said bonds on July 1, 1948 shall be paid
out of the general fund of said City, or any other funds that may be available for such
purpose, and there shall be levied in the year 1948 on all property both real and personal,
subject to taxation within the boundaries of said City, including the net proceeds of mines,
a tax sufficient to reimburse said fund or funds for such installment of interest, and for
the purpose of creating a fund for the payment of said bonds and the interest thereon, there
shall be levied in the year 1948 and annually thereafter, a sufficient tax on all property,
both real and personal, subject to taxation within the boundaries of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, including the net proceeds of mines, sufficient to pay the interest
on said bonds and to pay and retire the same as hereinabove provided; and provided further
that in the preparation of the annual appropriation ordinance for the City, the City Council
shall first make proper provision, through the levy of sufficient taxes, for the payment of
the interest on and the retirement of the principal of the bonded indebtedness of the City,
and the amounts necessary for the payment of principal and interest on the other bonded
indebtedness of the City, shall be a first charge against all of the revenue received by
said City. In any year in which the total taxes levied by all overlapping political sub-
divisions and taxing units in Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, may exceed the limitation
of five cents on the dollar imposed by Section 2 of Article X of the Constitution of the
State of Nevada, and it shall become necessary by reason thereof to reduce the levies made
in behalf of said City, the reductions so made shall be in taxes levied for or by such
City for purposes other than the payment of its bonded indebtedness and interest thereon,
the taxes levied hereafter for the payment of such bonded indebtedness, and the interest
thereon, shall always enjoy a priority over taxes levied for or on behalf of such City for
any other purposes where reduction is necessary in order to comply with the limitations
of said Section 2 of Article X, or with the City Charter of Las Vegas, Nevada. Such tax
shall be levied and collected in the same manner and at the same time as other taxes are
levied and collected, and the proceeds thereof shall be kept by the County Treasurer in a
Special Fund to be known as the "Storm Sewer Bond, Series of January 1, 1948 Fund", which
shall be used for no other purpose than the payment of principal and interest as the same
fall due. Such tax shall be levied in the year 1948 and annually thereafter until all of said
bonds, and the interest thereon, shall have been fully paid, satisfied and discharged. Any
sums coming due on said bonds at any time when there are on hand from such tax levy or levies,
insufficient funds to pay the same, shall be promptly paid when due from general funds on
hand belonging to the City of Las Vegas, reimbursement to be made to such general funds in
the sums thus advanced when taxes herein provided for shall have been collected.

Section 10. The City Council does hereby find and declare that the life of the
improvement to be constructed out of the proceeds of the sale of said bonds shall and will be
in excess of twenty years.

Section 11. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be, and they hereby are,
authorized and directed to take all action necessary for or appropriate to effectuate the pro-
visions of this ordinance, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the printing of said bonds and the execution of such certificates as may be required by
the purchaser thereof relating to the signing of the bonds, the tenure and identity of the
municipal officials, the assessed valuation and indebtedness of the City of Las Vegas, the
receipt of the bond purchase price and the absence of litigation pending or threatened
affecting the validity thereof.

Section 12. All ordinances or parts thereof in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed. After the bonds hereby authorized have been issued, this ordinance shall
constitute a contract between the City of Las Vegas and the holder or holders of said bonds,
and shall be and remain irrepealable until said bonds and the interest accruing thereon shall
have been fully paid, satisfied and discharged.

Section 13. This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its
adoption, approval and the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in The Las Vegas
Evening-Review Journal.

Section 14. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and
directed to cause this ordinance to be published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two
consecutive weeks, immediately after its final passage and approval at this meeting.

ADOPTEE AND APPROVED this 22nd day of December, A. D., 1947.

Attest: Helen Scott Reed_______	E. W. Cragin________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

Mayor	E. W. Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner	R. T. Baskin	"Aye"

Commissioner	Robert T. Moore	"Aye"

Commissioner	C. R. Clark	"Aye"

Commissioner	Reed Whipple	"Aye"

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

None.

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed_____	E. W. Cragin_________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published a
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two times from Dec. 24th 1947 to Dec. 31, 1947,
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Dec. 24-31.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie___________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
2nd day of January, 1948.

A. E Cahlan ________ __________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County,

Nevada

My commission expires
Jan. 12, 1951.

—----oOo-----

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 342

AN ORDINANCE	TO AMEND	THE TITLE OF AND	TO AMEND	SECTION 7 OF ORDINANCE	NO. 210 OF TEE CITY

OF LAS	VEGAS	ENTITLED	"AN ORDINANCE TO	FIX, IMPOSE AND	PROVIDE FOR THE	COLLECTION OF A

LICENSE TAX ON MOTOR PROPELLED VEHICLES OPERATED FOR HIRE, AND TO REGULATE THE OPERATION
AND RUNNING OF THE SAME, WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; FIXING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION
OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDINANCE; AND REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 100 AND ALL ORDINANCES
OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH;" AND REPEALING ORDINANCES NO. 266 AND 279 AND
ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH.

WHEREAS, an emergency exists in respect to traffic conditions in the City of Las
Vegas and it is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public health, safety and
welfare to provide further supervision of vehicles, as defined in the above-entitled
ordinance, in their operation upon the streets of said city, NOW, THEREFORE,

The	Board of	Commissioners of	the City	of Las	Vegas do ordain	as follows:

Section 1. The title of Ordinance No.	210 of	the City of Las	Vegas is hereby

amended to read as follows:

AN ORDINANCE TO FIX, IMPOSE AND PROVIDE FOR THE COLLECTION OF A LICENSE TAX ON
MOTOR PROPELLED VEHICLES OPERATED FOR HIRE, AND TO REGULATE THE OPERATION AND RUNNING OF
THE SAME, WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; PROVIDING FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF PARKING STANDS,

AND FIXING AND IMPOSING THE FEE TO BE COLLECTED FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS TO PARE THEREIN;

FIXING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDINANCE; REPEALING
ORDINANCE NO. 100 AND ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH; AND OTHER
MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO.

Section 2. Section 7 of Ordinance No. 210 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
amended to read as follows:

Section 7. CERTAIN ACTS UNLAWFUL - It shall be unlawful:

(a)	To operate a vehicle as herein defined, within the City of Las Vegas without
having first obtained a license, provided the security as herein provided, and paid the
prescribed tax therefor, as in this ordinance provided.

(b)	To fail to display the state, county or city license number of such vehicle.

(c)	To permit passengers to ride on the running boards or sit upon the doors

of such vehicle, and to permit more than one person to ride with the operator or chauffeur.

(d)	To operate any vehicle at a rate of speed in excess of that fixed by the laws
of the State of Nevada and the ordinances of the City of Las Vegas.

(e)	To fail to come to a full stop within twenty-five (25) feet of the nearest
rail of any steam railroad when approaching the same, and to proceed across said railroad
track without first determining that no engine, car or train is approaching in the direction
of said vehicle.

(f)	To alter the seating capacity of any vehicle so as to make the seating capacity
thereof greater than is provided for by the license under which it is operated, without the
consent of the Board of City Commissioners.

(g)	To fail, refuse or neglect to operate such vehicle in accordance with the de-
signated tariff of fares and during the hours set forth in the application made for such
vehicle license, except on Sundays and a reasonable time for going to and from meals, and

in case of accidents, break-downs or other casualties, or upon the surrender of said license.

(h) To park a vehicle, as herein defined, for the purpose of soaking or awaiting
employment, at any place upon the streets of the City of Las Vegas, other than at stands de-
signated therefor, as herein provided, and marked by appropriate signs, by the City Engineer,
who shall, subject to the provisions of Section XXIV of Ordinance No. 170 of the City of Las
Vegas, establish said stands in such places on said streets, and in such number, as he shall
DETERMINE to be of the greatest benefit and convenience to the public, provided, however,
that an application shall first have been made to the City Engineer for the designation
of any such stand and a permit to occupy the same shall have then been issued to the
applicant upon the payment to the City Engineer, to be by him paid over to the City Treasurer,
of the fee of Fifty Cents (50¢) per quarter-year, or fraction thereof, for each lineal
foot of stand space granted, all such permits to expire on March 31, June 30, September 30,
and December 31 next ensuing the date of the issuance thereof, or sooner upon the revocation
of the vehicle license as herein provided, and, except for emergency vehicles as defined
in Section LXXXXVI of Ordinance No. 170 of the City of Las Vegas, it shall be unlawful to
stop, stand or park a vehicle of any description for any purpose or period of time at any
such stand for which a permit has been granted other than the vehicle, as herein defined,
of the holder of said permit, provided, however, that any such other vehicle may temporarily
stop thereat, subject to the provisions of other Ordinances or regulations of the City of
Las Vegas, only for the purpose of and while actually and expeditiously engaged in unloading
passengers when such stopping does not interfere with any vehicle, as herein defined, of
the holder of said permit waiting to enter or about to enter upon such stand.

(i) All taxicab drivers in the City of Las Vegas must keep and maintain a record of
each trip made showing time and place and number of passengers and place where said passengers
were picked up and place of destination.

Section 3. Ordinance No. 266 entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section 7 of Ordinance
No. 210 or the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An ordinance to fix, impose, and provide for
the collection of a license tax on motor propelled vehicles operated for hire, and to
regulate the operation and running of the same, within the City of Las Vegas; fixing a
penalty for the violation of any of the provisions of this ordinance; and repealing Ordinance
No. 100 and all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith,'" and Ordinance
No. 279 entitled "An ordinance to amend Section 1 of Ordinance No. 266 of the City of Las
Vegas, amending Section 7 of Ordinance 210 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance
to fix, impose, and provide for the collection of a license tax on motor propelled vehicles
operated for hire, and to regulate the operation and running of the same, within the City
of Las Vegas; fixing a penalty for the violation of any of the provisions of this ordinance;
and repealing Ordinance No. 100 and all the ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict
herewith,'" and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions hereof
are hereby repealed.

Section 4. This ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as an emergency
ordinance and shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 5* The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas, for a period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that, by the unanimous consent of the whole Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, the foregoing Ordinance was read in full when first introduced
at a regular meeting of said Board held on the 7th day of January, 1948, and was passed
as an emergency ordinance upon said reading on said date, on the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "No": None

Absent: None.

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed.____________ _________________________E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

DICK LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las
Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and pub-
lished at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was
continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Jan 9th 1948 to
Jan 16th 1948 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:
Jan 9th - 16th. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named.

Signed___________ Dick Lochrie________

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 16th day of January, 1948.

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires
Jan 12, 1951.

-----o0o-----
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 343

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE CONSTRUCTION AND MAINTENANCE OF BUSINESS, COMMERCIAL AND IN-
DUSTRIAL DRIVEWAYS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; REQUIRING PERMITS THEREFOR AND PROVIDING FOR THE
ISSUANCE THEREOF; FIXING AND IMPOSING THE FEES TO BE PAID UPON THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS;
CANCELLING AND REVOKING ALL PERMITS FOR SUCH DRIVEWAYS HERETOFORE ISSUED; PROVIDING FOR THE
REVOCATION OF PERMITS ISSUED HEREUNDER; PRESCRIBING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF ANY
OF THE PROVISIONS HEREOF; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
HEREWITH; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO.

WHEREAS, driveways, as hereinafter defined, within the City of Las Vegas have
created an exceptional traffic hazzard and have unreasonably restricted the use of the
streets insofar as the rights of the general public are concerned, and

WHEREAS, by reason thereof, an emergency exists immediately necessitating the
adoption of measures for the further supervision of such driveways to preserve the public
health, safety and welfare, now, therefore,

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. The term "driveway" as used in this ordinance shall mean any driveway
entering any street from private property and intended for use and used by the public to serve
the business, commerce or industry located on said property.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful to construct or maintain any service driveway in
the city of Las Vegas, or to continue the maintenance of any service driveway heretofore
constructed, without first having secured a permit therefor and having paid the fee as
herein provided.

Section 3. Application in writing for such permit shall be made to and upon forms
furnished by the City Engineer and shall state the location of the proposed or existing
driveway, its grade, type of construction, design and dimensions, its purpose, the nature
of the property or business it is to serve or is serving, and such other information as
may be required by the City Engineer, who shall issue a permit therefor if he finds upon
investigation, taking into account the estimated amount of pedestrian and vehicular traffic
on said driveway and on the adjacent street and sidewalk, and having due regard for the
interests and convenience of the public and a reasonable use of the property served or to
be served by such driveway, that the proposed or existing driveway will not substantially
impair, endanger, interfere with, or be a menace to the public safety, provided, however,
that no permit shall be issued without the approval of the Board of Commissioners for the
construction of a driveway in excess of thirty-two (32) feet in length at the curb or lot
line, nor unless a safety island space of at least ten )10) feet measured along the curb
and lot line shall be provided between driveways on frontage in the same ownership, except
that such permit may be issued without such approval of the Board of Commissioners first
obtained for any existing driveway where the same has heretofore been constructed with the
approval of the Building Inspector and is now in actual use, and all driveways, with curb
and gutter returns, shall be located and constructed according to the specifications and
under the direction of the City Engineer, and according to the ordinances and regulations
of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 4. Upon the issuance of a permit and every successive renewal thereof, as
herein provided, the City Engineer shall collect from the applicant therefor, and pay over
to the City Treasurer, the fee of Fifty Cents (50¢) for each lineal foot or fraction thereof
of authorized driveway, measured along the curb or lot line, whichever is greater, and no
permit or renewal thereof shall be valid, nor shall any right, authority or privilege accrue
thereunder to the holder thereof, unless and until said fee is paid. Said permit and every
successive renewal thereof shall expire on March 31, June 30, September 30 or December 31,
whichever next ensues the date of the issuance thereof. Upon the expiration of said permit
or any renewal thereof, as herein provided, the City Engineer may grant renewals thereof for
further successive quarter-yearly periods from the date of each such expiration upon appli-
cation therefor by the holder of said permit and the payment of the fee, herein provided,
for each such renewal.

Section 5. Without limiting the rights, powers and authority vested by law in the
City of Las Vegas in respect to the suspension, revocation or cancellation of permits,
and in addition to every remedy vested by law in said City in relation thereto, the acceptance
of a permit or any renewal thereof under the provisions of this ordinance shall constitute
an agreement on the part of the holder thereof, as a condition for the granting of the same;
that:

(a)	Said permit, or any renewal thereof, may be revoked by the Board of Com-
missioners at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice to the holder of the
permit.

(b)	Said	permit, or	any renewal thereof, may	be revoked by the Board of	Commissioners

at any time for any violation	of any of the provisions	or conditions of said permit.

(c)	Said	permit, or	any renewal thereof, may	be revoked by the Board of	Com-

missioners at any time for any violation of any of the regulations or ordinances of the City
of Las Vegas by the holder of said permit, in connection with the maintenance or use of the
driveway, or by any others using said driveway with the consent, express or implied, of the
holder of said permit.

(d)	Said permit, or any renewal thereof, may be revoked by the Board of Com-

missioners at any time upon the failure or refusal of the holder thereof to construct and
continuously maintain the driveway according to the specifications of the City Engineer,
or the Board of Commissioners as provided in Section 6 hereof, and under the direction of
the City Engineer,	and according to the ordinances and	regulations of the City of	Las

Vegas, or upon his	failure or	refusal to maintain said	driveway in good order and	condition,

or upon his failure or refusal to make such necessary repairs thereto as directed by the
City Engineer, or if, in its sole discretion, the Board of Commissioners shall determine
that said driveway for any reason whatever is or has become dangerous and a menace to the
public safety, or for any reasons of public welfare.
(e)	Said permit, or any renewal thereof, may be revoked by the Board of Commissioners
at any time upon the failure or refusal of the holder of said permit to complete the constr-
uction of the driveway within thirty (30) days after the curb has been broken or any other
work has been commenced in the construction of said driveway.

(f)	Said permit, or any renewal thereof, may be revoked by the Board of Commissioners
at any time upon the abandonment or nonuse of said driveway for a reasonable time for the
purposes for which the permit was granted, or the abandonment or nonuse for a reasonable

time of the purposes of the property or business which said driveway was authorized to serve.

(g)	The City of Las Vegas shall not be estopped for any reason whatever to suspend,
revoke or cancel said permit or any renewal thereof as herein provided.

(h)	Upon the termination of said permit, or any renewal thereof, by revocation,
expiration, or otherwise, the rights, privileges and authority granted thereby shall thereupon
cease and determine, and the driveway shall be removed, and the sidewalk, curb and other
public property where said driveway shall have been located shall be restored to their original
condition and location in accordance with the specifications and under the direction of

the City Engineer, and according to the ordinances and regulations of the City of Las Vegas,
so that said sidewalk, curb and other public property shall be safe for public travel, and
said work shall be done at the sole expense of the holder of said permit and without cost
or expense of any kind whatever to the City of Las Vegas, provided, that in the event of the
failure, neglect or refusal on the part of the holder of said permit to remove the driveway
and affect the restoration of the sidewalk, curb and other public property when directed
in writing so to do by the City Engineer, the City of Las Vegas may proceed to remove the
driveway and restore the sidewalk, curb and other public property and charge the expense
thereof to the holder of said permit.

Section 6. In the event the City Engineer shall refuse to issue the permit herein
provided, the applicant therefor may, within thirty (30) days from the date of such refusal,
appeal to the Board of Commissioners for a review of the action of the City Engineer. If,
upon such review, the Board of Commissioners shall find that the construction and maintenance
of said driveway will find that the construction and maintenance of said driveway will not
substantially impair, endanger, or interfere with the public safety, it may direct the
issuance of a permit by the City Engineer for a driveway of such width, grade, type of
construction, design and dimensions, and at such location as the Board of Commissioners
shall consider proper in the furtherance of public safety, and said driveway, with curb and
gutter returns, shall be located and constructed according to the specifications of the
Board of Commissioners and under the direction of the City Engineer, and according to the
ordinances and regulations of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 7. All permits heretofore issued by the City of Las Vegas for the constr-
uction and maintenance of driveways are hereby cancelled, revoked and annulled to take
effect upon the expiration of ten (10) days from the date of the adoption of this ordinance.
Where any such driveways now exist, new applications for permits shall be made in accordance
with the provisions of this ordinance. Where no such application is made and no permit
issued as herein provided, said driveways shall be removed and the sidewalk, curb and other
public property where said driveways shall be located shall be restored to their original
condition and location as provided in Section 5 (h) hereof.

Section 8. Any person who violates any of the provisious of this ordinance shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine
of not more than Three Hundred Dollars ($300.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for
not more than one hundred fifty (150) days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 9. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions
hereof are hereby repealed.

Section 10. This ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as an emergency
ordinance and shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 11. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas, for a period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that, by the unanimous consent of the whole Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, the foregoing ordinance was read in full when first introduced at
a regular meeting of said Board held on the 7th day of January, 1948, and was passed as an
emergency ordinance upon said reading on said date, on the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor

Cragin.

Voting "No": None

Absent: None.

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed_______ E. W. Cragin__________________________________________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

DICK LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Jan 9th to Jan 16th 1948 inclusive
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Jan 9-16. That said news-
paper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed	Dick Lochrie
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
16th day of January, 1948.

A. E. Cahlan__________

Notary Public in and for Clark County,

Nevada.

My Commission Expires
Jan 12, 1951.

-----0O0—-—

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 344

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 172 OF TEE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED, "AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS RELATING TO THE CONSTRUCTION OF DRIVEWAYS," BY ADDING THERETO A NEW SECTION TO BE
DESIGNATED AS SECTION 7½.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Ordinance No. 172 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance of
the City of Las Vegas relating to the construction of driveways", is hereby amended by adding
thereto a new section to be designated as Section 7½ and to read as follows:

Section 7½. The term "driveway" as used in this ordinance shall mean any driveway
entering any street from private residential property and not intended for use and not used
by the public.

Section 2. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions
of this ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 3. Inasmuch as the exigencies arising by reason of traffic conditions upon
the streets of the City of Las Vegas require that the provisions of Ordinance No. 172 be con-
fined and restricted to residential driveways for the furtherance of the public safety and
welfare, this ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as an emergency ordinance and
shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 4. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas, for a period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that, by the unanimous consent of the whole Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, the foregoing Ordinance was read in full when first introduced at
a regular meeting of said Board held on the 7th day of January, 1948, and was passed as an
emergency ordinance upon said reading on said date, on the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "No": None

Absent: None.

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed________ E. W. Cragin_________________________________________________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

DICK LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Jan 9 1948 to Jan 16th 1948
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Jan 9-16.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 16th day of January 1948.

A E Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires
Jan 12 1951
ORDINANCE NO. 345

AN ORDINANCE TO REPEAL SECTION 25 AND TO AMEND SECTIONS 22, 26 AND 27 OF ORDINANCE NO. 331
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE ESTABLISHING A PUBLIC POUND; PRESCRIBING
THE POWERS AND DUTIES OF THE POUNDMASTER; FIXING THE FEES AND CHARGES TO BE COLLECTED BY
HIM, AN D DIRECTING THE DISPOSITION THEREOF: PROVIDING FOR THE REGISTRATION OF DOGS AND DOG
KENNELS AND FIXING THE FEES THEREFOR; PROVIDING FOR THE VACCINATION OF DOGS AND CATS; PRO-
VIDING FOR THE REDEMPTION, SALE OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF DOGS AND OTHER ANIMALS IMPOUNDED;
PROHIBITING CRUELTY TO ANIMALS; PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS
THEREOF; REPEALING ORDINANCES NO. 5, 12, 19, 51, 58, 63 and 101, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND
PARTS OF ORDINANCES OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY
RELATING THERETO."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 22 of the above-entitled ordinance is hereby amended, revised and
re-enacted to read as follows:

Section 22. It shall be the duty of the poundmaster upon the request of any owner or
possessor of any dead animal to forthwith bury or destroy the same in such manner as the
City	Health Officer	may prescribe	and, in the case of dead dogs or cats,	only after examination

by the	City Health	Officer where there is no record in his department or	other satisfactory

proof that such dog or cat has been previously vaccinated against rabies within the year next
preceding its death, for which service the poundmaster shall charge and collect the following
fees;

For burying	or destroying	horses, oxen, bulls, or cows,	per	head	$5.00

For burying	or destroying	jacks, mules, steer or colts,	per	head	$5.00

For burying	sheep, goats,	or calves, per head	$2.50

For burying	dogs, cats, or other animals not enumerated, each	$1.50

Section 2.	Section 25 of	the above-entitled ordinance is hereby	repealed.

Section 3.	Section 26 of	the above-entitled ordinance is hereby	amended, revised

and re-enacted to read as follows:

Section 26. Whenever any animal is taken up for impounding, the poundmaster shall,
upon the sale or redemption thereof, upon the recommendation of the City Health Officer
where there is no record in his department or other satisfactory proof that such animal has
been previously vaccinated against rabies within the year next preceding the taking up and
impounding of the same, cause such animal to be so vaccinated by the health officer, and
shall charge and receive in addition to all other fees and charges herein mentioned the fee
of $1.00 for such vaccination which shall be paid over by him to the City of Las Vegas
Department of Health.

Section 4. Section 27 of the above-entitled ordinance is hereby amended, revised
and re-enacted to read as follows:

Section 27. No dog or cat shall be buried or otherwise disposed of by the poundmaster
or any other person unless and until the City Health Officer has examined the same, where
there is no record in his department or other satisfactory proof that such dog or cat has
been previously vaccinated against rabies within the year next preceding its death, but no
charge for such examination and burial or disposal shall be made against the City of Las
Vegas.

Section 5. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions
of this ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 6. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication,
as in the next section provided, and fina. passage.

Section 7. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks
immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:

Helen Scott Reed_____________ E. W. Cragin__________________________________________________

City Clerk	Mayor

(Seal)

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board
of City Commissioners on the 22nd day of January, 1948, and referred to the following com-
mittee composed of Commissioners Whipple and Moore, for recommendation; thereafter the said
committee reported favorably on the said ordinance on the 6th day of February, 1948, which
was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at said regular
meeting held on the 6th day of February, 1948, the proposed ordinance was read in full to
the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	None.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Helen Scott Reed____________ E. w. Cragin_______________________________________________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)
The above and foregoing ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Comm-
issioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 20th day of February,
1948, and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None.

Absent: None.

Attest; Helen Scott Reed	Approved:	E. W. Cragin________

City Clerk.	Mayor

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

DICK LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Feb. 10, 1948 to Feb. 17, 1948,
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit; Feb. 10-17.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed: Dick Lochrie_____________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th
day of February, 1948.

A. E. Cahlan________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires
Jan 12, 1951

(SEAL)

----oOo------

ORDINANCE NO. 346 was read once and published twice - but as the amendments were objected

to by the Sign Companies, it was not read the second time, and therefore is not a law. Amendment

to No. 244.

-----oOo-----

ORDINANCE NO. 347

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 1602 (f) CHAPTER 16, OF THE BUILDING CODE OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE ERECTION, CONSTRUCTION, ENLARGEMENT, ALTERATION,

REPAIR, MOVING, REMOVAL, CONVERSION, DEMOLITION, OCCUPANCY, EQUIPMENT, USE, HEIGHT, AREA AND
MAINTENANCE OF BUILDINGS OR STRUCTURES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA; PROVIDING FOR THE
ISSUANCE OF PERMITS AND COLLECTION OF FEES THEREFOR; DECLARING AND ESTABLISHING FIRE DISTRICTS;
PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES NUMBERS 130, 166, 188,
284, 285 AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 1602 (f), Chapter 16, of the Building Code of the City of Las Vegas
as adopted by the above-entitled ordinance is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted to read
as follows:

Section 1602 (f) - Non-Conforming Occupancies. Any occupancy not permitted in Fire Zone #1
as covered by sub-section (e) of this section (1602), but existing at the time this ordinance
is enacted, shall be deemed, for the purpose and intent of this ordinance, a non-conforming
occupancy.

Such non-conforming occupancy shall be permitted to remain and be operated in Fire Zone #1
for a period up to August 22, 1950 only, provided that the maintenance and operation of such
occupancy is conducted in a manner minimizing hazard to life or property and satisfactory
to the Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas.

After said period, and upon written notice of the Building Inspector, countersigned by the Fire
Chief, such non-conforming occupancy shall be made to comply with the requirements of Section
1008, Chapter 10 of this Code and the regulations and ordinances of the City of Las Vegas,
otherwise, the continued maintenance and operation thereof shall be forthwith discontinued.

At any time after such non-conforming occupancy is made to comply with the requirements of
Section 1008, Chapter 10 of this Code and the regulations and ordinances of the City of Las
Vegas, such non-conforming occupancy may be expanded or enlarged by any structural addition
or alteration, or by the erection of independent structures upon the same unit of land owner-
ship as such non-conforming occupancy is situate, provided, however, that such new construction
shall comply with the requirements of Section 1008, Chapter 10 of this Code and the regulations
and ordinances of the City of Las Vegas. In the event such non-conforming occupancy does
not comply with the requirements, aforesaid, at the time of an application for a building
permit for the new construction, said permit shall, thereupon, only be issued upon the con-
dition that such non-conforming occupancy shall be made to comply with said requirements
simultaneously with the progress of the work for such new construction.
Upon the failure to perform said condition, the Building Inspector shall not issue a
certificate of occupancy for such new construction, and said construction shall be forthwith
removed.

Section 2. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby
repealed.

Section 3. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication,
as in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 4. T he City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive
weeks immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening
Review journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed	E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of
City Commissioners on the 22nd day of January, 1948, and referred to the following com-
mittee composed of Commissioners Clark and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter, the
said committee reported favorably on the said ordinance on the 6th day of February, 1948,
which was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners as first introduced
and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None
Absent: None.

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed_________ APPROVED:	E. W. CRAGIN

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

The above and foregoing ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City
Commissioners for a second time at a special meeting of the said Board held on the 27th
day of February, 1948, and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None
Absent: Commissioner Clark.

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed	APPROVED:	E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of
the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Feb 12th, 1948
to Feb 19th, 1948 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit: Feb 12-19. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of
the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie____________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 19th day of February, 1949.

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada

My Commission Expires
Jan 12, 1951.
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 348

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 11 OF ORDINANCE NO. 299 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED: "AN
ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, REQUIRING PERSONS CONVICTED OF
CERTAIN CRIMES, WHO SHALL COME INTO OR BE WITHIN THE SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS, TO REGISTER
IN THE OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF POLICE OF SAID CITY, FIXING THE PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION HERE-
OF, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO."

Whereas, an emergency exists necessitating the registration of "Convicted Persons," as
hereinafter defined, for the immediate preservation of the public peace and the protection
of the public health and safety, now, therefore,

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. Section II of the above-entitled ordinance is hereby amended, revised
and re-enacted to read as follows:

SECTION II. For the purpose of this ordinance the words, "Convicted Persons" are
defined as follows:

Any person who subsequent to January 1, 1940 has been or who shall hereafter be
convicted of a felony, or any offense punishable as a felony, in any court in the State of
Nevada, or in any other state of the United States or in any Federal Court in the United
States or in any court of competent jurisdiction in any territory belonging to the United
States, or who has or who shall hereafter be convicted of a violation of any law in any
other court, whether municipal, county, state, federal or territorial court, than the Courts
of the State of Nevada, which offense if committed in the State of Nevada would have been a
felony or which would have been punishable as a felony under the laws of the State of Nevada;
also any person who since January 1, 1940 has been or is hereafter convicted in the State of
Nevada, or elsewhere, of the violation of any law relating to the following subject or subjects,
to-wit:

(1) Relating to or regulating the possession, distribution, furnishing or
use of any narcotics.

(2)	Regulating or prohibiting the carrying or possession of or ownership

of any concealed weapon or deadly weapon, or any weapons capable of being
concealed, or regulating or prohibiting the possession of, sale of, or use
of any device, instrument or attachment designed to or intended to be
used for the purpose of silencing the report of, or concealing the dis-
charge or flash of any firearm.

(3)	Regulating or prohibiting the use, possession, manufacture or compounding
of tear gas or any other gas which may be used for the purpose of tem-
porarily or permanently disabling any human being.

(4)	Any attempt to commit, or any conspiracy to commit, any offense described
or referred to in this section.

(5)	Any person who has been since January 1, 1940 or is hereafter convicted
of or is adjudicated as, a drug addict, as defined by the laws of any
state, shall also be deemed a convicted person.

Provided, further, that in the event any person who is now, or who has been, or who
may hereafter be placed on probation for the committing of any of the above enumerated
offenses whose conviction is set aside in the manner provided by law, shall not be deemed
a convicted person.

SECTION 2. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions
hereof are hereby repealed.

SECTION 3. This ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as an emergency
ordinance and shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

SECTION 4. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas, for a period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that, by the unanimous consent of the whole Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, the foregoing Ordinance was read in full when first introduced
at a regular meeting of said Board held on the 20th day of February, 1948, and was passed
as an emergency ordinance upon said reading on said date, on the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "No": None

Absent: None

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed__________ E. W. Cragin_________________________________________________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, DICK LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is foreman of the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Feb 23rd, 1948 to March 1st, 1948,
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Feb 23 -
March 1st. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named.

Signed_____Dick Lochrie___________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 1st day of March, 1948.

A. E. Cahlan______________________

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada.

My commission expires
Jan 12, 1951

-----oOo------

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 349

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 6, SECTION 8, AS AMENDED, AND SECTION 11 OF ORDINANCE NO. 244
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS LICENSING, FOR
PURPOSES OF REGULATION AND REVENUE EVERY KIND OF LAWFUL BUSINESS HEREINAFTER SPECIFIED,
TRANSACTED OR CARRIED ON WITHIN THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, STATE OF
NEVADA; FIXING THE RATES OF LICENSE TAX UPON THE SAME AND PROVIDING FOR THE COLLECTION OF
SAID LICENSE TAX, AND A PUNISHMENT FOR CARRYING ON OR CONDUCTING ANY SUCH BUSINESS WITHOUT
A LICENSE, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES NUMBERED 1, 2, 4, 13, 14, 35, 48, 62, 74, 75, 81, 95,

102, 105, 108, 112, 117, 145, 184, 192 and 243."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 6 of the above-entitled ordinance is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 6. Every person who, at a fixed place of business in the City of Las Vegas,
sells any goods, wares or merchandise, drugs or medicines, jewelry, or wares, or precious
metals, whether on commission or otherwise, or operates any restaurant, steam or power
laundry, garage, automobile service station, automobile sales agency, newspaper, job printing
establishment, funeral and undertaking establishment, theatre, moving picture show, or
manufactures for sale soda water or any soft drinks, or operates a shoe making , shoe repair
or cobbling shop, a photograph gallery or photo making shop, a blacksmith shop, machine
shop, general repair shop, motor repair shop, bicycle repair shop, clothes cleaning shop,
tailoring establishment, nursery where plants, flowers, ferns, trees or other plants are
cultivated, grown or propagated for the purpose of sale, or operates a hospital or clinic,
or operates a creamery, or a water company, furnishing service to sections of the City and
having gross monthly income of less than $3,000.00 per month must obtain from the City Clerk
for each branch of his business, a license, and must pay quarterly therefor an amount of
money to be determined by the class in which said person is placed by the City Clerk; such
business to be classified and regulated by the amount of the average monthly sales made at
the rates as follows:

(a)	Where the average monthly sales are under the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00)
the sum of Five Dollars ($5.00) per quarter.

(b)	Where the average monthly sales are One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) and over,
but under Two Thousand Dollars ($2,000.00), the sum of Nine Dollars ($9.00) per quarter.

(c)	Where the average monthly sales are Two Thousand Dollars ($2,000.00) and over,

but under Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00), the sum of Fifteen Dollars ($15.00) per quarter.

(d)	Where the average monthly sales are Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00) and over,
but are under Four Thousand Dollars ($4,000.00), the sum of Twenty-one Dollars ($21.00) per
quarter.

(e)	Where the average monthly sales are Four Thousand Dollars ($4,000.00) and over,
but are under Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00), the sum of Twenty-seven Dollars ($27.00)*
per quarter.

(f)	Where the average monthly sales are Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00) and over,
but are under Seventy-five Hundred Dollard ($7,500.00), the sum of Thirty-three Dollars
($ 33.00) per quarter.

(g)	Where the average monthly sales are Seventy-five Hundred Dollars ($7,500.00) and
over, but are under Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($15,000.00), the sum of Thirty-nine Dollars
($39.00) per quarter.

(h)	Where the average monthly sales are Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($15,000,00) and over,
but are under Twenty-two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($22,500.00), the sum of Forty-five
Dollars ($45.00) per quarter.

(i)	Where the average monthly sales are Twenty-two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars
($22,500.00) and over, but are under Thirty Thousand Dollars ($30,000.00), the sum of Fifty
Dollars ($50.00) per quarter.

(j)	Where the average monthly sales are Thirty Thousand Dollars ($30,000.00) and over,
but are under Forty Thousand Dollars ($40,000.00), the sum of Sixty Dollars ($60.00) per
quarter.

(k)	Where the average monthly sales are Forty Thousand Dollars ($40,000.00) and over,
the sum of Seventy-five Dollars ($75.00) per quarter.
Any person, firm or corporation operating, conducting and carrying on several different
classes or types of business at a fixed place of business in the City of Las Vegas, any of
which may fall within the classification mentioned in this section, and some of which may fall
within the classification mentioned in Section 8 of this ordinance, may have and hereby is
given the option of paying license fee upon his total volume of business done in all said types
of business at the rates mentioned in this section, or he may keep separate account of the
volume of business done on the type or types of business which fall within the classification
mentioned in this section and may pay his license thereon according to the rates provided
therefor in this section, and may treat those types of business which fall within Section 8
of this ordinance as a separate business of businesses and pay his license upon each such type
of business according to the provisions of Section 8 of this ordinance, without regard to the
volume of business done under such types of business upon which license shall be so paid accord-
ing to the rates mentioned in Section 8 of this ordinance.

Section 2. Section 8, as amended, of the above-entitled ordinance is hereby amended to read
as follows:

Section 8. The rates of license tax for businesses, trades, occupations and employment
herein after named are hereby fixed in and for the City of Las Vegas and the same shall be
paid by any person engaged in or carrying on the same in said City, as follows:

(1)	For each hand laundry employing one or more persons, $2.50 per quarter.

(2)	For each insurance agent, or real estate broker, or both, $10.00 per quarter.

(3)	For each shooting gallery, $25.00 per quarter.

(4)	For each brokerage establishment, $30.00 per quarter.

(5)	For every banker and bank with a capital of $100,000 or over (except National
Banks), $100.00 per quarter. For every banker or bank with a capital of less than $100,000
(except National Banks) $50.00 per quarter.

(6)	For each skating rink, $20.00 per quarter.

(7)	For each employment or intelligence office, $10.00 per quarter.

(8)	Every person who operates a wrecking yard, junk yard, or out-of-door yard or lot
where used furniture, plumbing or other second hand materials or merchandise are stored for
sale, shall pay a license fee of $25.00 per quarter. This section shall include all out-of-
door lots or yards upon which two or more used cars not in condition to operate under their
own power are permitted to remain for a period of thirty days or longer.

(9)	Every person who operates a used car lot, containing only cars capable of being
moved under their own power, shall pay a license fee of $10.00 per quarter, provided, that
without paying such license fee, one such lot may be maintained by each person or firm who
holds a State license as a new or used car dealer. The word "car" as used in this section
shall mean any automobile or gasoline propelled vehicle.

(10)	For each astrologer, palmist, seer, phrenologist, fortune teller, clairvoyant, or
spiritualist, who demands and receives a fee for his or her services, $100.00 per day.

(11)	For each merry-go-round or carrousel, $5.00 per day.

(12)	Any proprietor, lessee or manager of any traveling show, traveling skating rink,

circus, hippodrome,	menagerie, or carnival intending to exhibit in the	open air	or under a

tent or in	any	public hall, club room, assembly hall or theatre, where	movable scenery and

theatrical appliances are used, any performance or exhibition in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
shall pay to the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas, the sum of $100.00 as a license fee

for the privilege of showing and exhibiting such traveling show, traveling skating rink,
circus, hippodrome, menagerie or carnival for each day; and upon payment therefor said City
Clerk shall issue license for the day or number of days so paid for.

Provided that nothing in this section contained shall be deemed or construed to require
the holder of a theatre license to procure any additional license to conduct, maintain or
carry on any theatrical or vaudeville performance when such performance is conducted at any
such theatre so licensed.

(13)	For	each	patent medicine agency, $25.00 per quarter.

(14)	For	each	lawyer, whether connected with or as a member of a	firm, or	practicing

by himself, $10.00 per quarter.

(15)	For each physician and/or surgeon, whether connected with a firm or hospital,
or practicing by himself, $10.00 per quarter.

(16)	For each dentist whether connected with or as a member of a firm, or practicing
by himself, $10.00 per quarter.

(17)	For each hotel, lodging house, rooming house, auto court or tourist camp as
defined hereunder, $5.00 per quarter for from four to eight guest rooms; from eight to
eighteen guest rooms, $10.00 per quarter; from eighteen to thirty guest rooms, $20.00 per
quarter; from thirty to fifty guest rooms, $30.00 per quarter; from fifty to eighty guest
rooms, $40.00 per quarter; above eight guest rooms, $50 per quarter.

Every person, firm or association or corporation engaged in the business of keeping
or conducting an apartment house in the City of Las Vegas, shall pay for and obtain a quarterly
license to carry on such business as per schedule hereinafter recited in this subdivision,
namely: Those who have four apartments and not exceeding eight apartments shall pay for such
license the sum of $5.00 per quarter. And those who have nine apartments and not exceeding
eighteen apartments, shall pay for such license the sum of $15.00 per quarter; and those who
have nineteen apartments and not exceeding thirty-eight apartments, shall pay for such license
the sum of $30.00 per quarter; those who have thirty-nine apartments and over shall pay for
such license the sum of $60.00 per quarter.
For the purpose of this ordinance, an auto court or tourist camp is defined as a place,

 other than a regular hotel or apartment house, where sleeping accomodations in small buildings
are rented to the general public, and whenever more than three cabins or small buildings
are situated in close proximity to each other and are owned or operated by the same person and
are rented to the general public, either by the day, week, month or year, and whether to
transients or permanent residents of the City of Las Vegas, the same shall be considered to
be a tourist camp or auto court.

(18)	For each dray and express and warehouse business, or either, $5.00 per quarter
for the first rig, and $2.50 per quarter for each additional rig, used in such business;
but warehouse businesses without rigs shall pay $5.00 per quarter.

(19)	Every person, firm or corporation who, for hire, operates a truck or fleet of
trucks which shall come into the City of Las Vegas to receive merchandise for delivery

 outside the city, or which shall bring merchandise into the City Of Las Vegas from outside,
and make deliveries of merchandise within the City, shall pay an annual license fee of $20.00
for each truck so operated. The annual period referred to shall be from January 1st of each
year to and including December 31st of the same year, and if application for license shall
be made at any time after the first day of January in any given year, the full annual license
fee of $20.00 shall be required and paid and the license so issued shall terminate on
December 31st of the same year, regardless of the time of the year when such application
is made.

This sub-section is not intended to apply, however, to trucks engaged in inter-state
commerce.

And the above provision as to license fee to be paid shall likewise apply to and be paid
by any person, firm or corporation having no fixed place of business within the City of Las
Vegas but who comes into the City from outside regularly, to transact business within the
City by receiving or picking up chattels and personal property upon which repairs, personal
service or work of any kind may be done for hire outside the City, and again delivering the
same to the owner within the City.

(20)	Every person operating a billiard hall or billiard room, or pool hall or pool room,
shall pay for the first billiard table or pool table in any such establishment, $5.00 per
quarter for the first table and $3.00 per quarter for each additional billiard table or pool
table.

(21)	Every person who shall operate a bowling alley within said City of Las Vegas,
shall pay the sum of $7.50 per quarter for the first alley and the sum of $5.00 per quarter
for each additional alley in said establishment.

(22)	For each traveling optometrist and/or oculist, who does not hold and exhibit an
existing License from the State of Nevada, to practice as such, $100.00 per day.

For each optometrist and/or oculist holding such license, $10.00 per quarter.

(23)	For each barber shop $10.00 per quarter for the first barber chair operated, and
$3.00 per quarter for each additional barber chair operated.

(24)	For the business of dealing in second hand goods, wares or merchandise of any kind,
character or description where, as a part of such transaction, a contract or agreement is made,
or an undertaking, verbal, written or otherwise, had with the vendor to re-sell to him the
same goods, wares or merchandise or to sell other goods, wares or merchandise, in their

place or stead, then and in case of such agreement, as aforesaid, a license tax of $50.00
per quarter shall be paid.

(25)	Every person, firm or corporation who ships into and sells in the City of Las
Vegas any bankrupt, assigned or damaged stock of goods, wares, merchandise, drugs, jewelry,
dry goods, boots and shoes, clothing, hardware, groceries, furniture or other stock or
merchandise, shall pay a license of $300.00 per quarter, or fraction thereof.

(26)	 For every traveling merchant, hawker, peddler or vendor, street faker or advertiser
who advertises goods, wares or merchandise of any kind by music, singing or dancing, jugglery,
tricks, sleight of hand, buffoonery, gymnastics or any spectacular display, show or performance,
or by speeches or oratory, or by any performance upon the streets calculated to draw a crowd

of people about them calling or advertising wares, as aforesaid, shall pay a license in the sum
of $25.00 per day, and shall also secure a permit to occupy street space as required by
other ordinances of the City.

(27)	For each sewing machine agent, $10.00 per quarter.

(28) For each vulcanizing business operated as a separate business, $5.00 per quarter.

(29) For each auctioneer, $125.00 per quarter or fraction thereof.

(30)	For each architect, $10.00 per quarter.

(31)	For each assayer, $5.00 per quarter.

(32)	For each massage parlor, $10.00 per quarter.

(33)	For each trade college, trade school, business school, or business college, where
instructions are given in any trade or occupation for which a fee is charged, $10.00 per
quarter.

(34)	For each certified public accountant or independent public accountant, $40.00
per annum. For the purpose of this ordinance an independent public accountant is defined
as a person who does bookkeeping or accounting work for two or more persons, firms or
corporations, or who prepares or assists in preparing income tax returns for two or more
persons, firms or corporations, other than himself.

(35) For each chiropodist, $10.00 per quarter.
(36)	For each drugless practitioner, provided, however, that this subdivision shall
not apply to persons who treat the sick through prayer or spiritual means, $10,00 per quarter.

(37)	For each chiropractor, $10.00 per quarter.

(38)	For each osteopath, $10.00 per quarter.

(39)	For each advertising business or advertising counsel, $10.00 per quarter.

(40)	For each collection agency or mercantile agency, $10.00 per quarter.

(41)	For each designer or decorator, $10.00 per quarter.

(42)	For each building contractor, $60.00 per annum, paid annually.

(43)	For each person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on the
business of paving or macadamizing contractor, $50.00 per quarter.

(44) For each cabinet shop, carpenter shop or upholstery shop, $5.00 per quarter.

(45) Any other contractor not specifically licensed by this or any other ordinance of
the City of Las Vegas, $60.00 per annum, paid annually.

(46)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of cold storage or
refrigeration plant for the purpose of storing fruits, vegetables, meats, fish, eggs or dairy
products, or any other merchandise, shall pay a quarterly license fee of $1.00 for each 1,000
square feet of floor area, or fraction thereof, with a minimum quarterly tax of $10.00.

(47)	The business of leasing or selling outdoor advertising space, whether billboard
or electrical signs, shall pay a license fee of $100.00 per annum.

(48)	The business of furnishing, distributing, or placing in use electrical advertising
signs, whether by lease, sale, or conditional sales contract, shall pay a license fee of
$100.00 per annum.

(49) Each locksmith shall pay a license fee of $10.00 per quarter, which shall be in
addition to the license tax upon any other business operated by him. The application for a
locksmith license, or any renewal thereof, shall first be presented to the Chief of Police
of the City of Las Vegas who shall fingerprint the applicant and require such other informa-
tion as to the identity of the applicant as will enable the Chief of Police to properly
investigate the applicant's character and reputation. Upon the completion of such investiga-
tion, the Chief of Police shall report his findings to the Board of Commissioners, together
with his endorsement upon the application of his approval or disapproval thereof. If it
shall appear to the Board of Commissioners that the applicant is of such character and repu-
tation that his exercise of the privileges of the license will not prejudice or be detrimental
to the public safety or welfare, said Board shall grant the application, and the City Clerk
shall thereupon issue the license upon the payment of the fee herein provided. No such
license shall be issued to any person, firm association or corporation other than the real
and actual proprietor of the business for which it is issued, and the application for such
license in case of a firm, copartnership or association shall state the names of the
copartners or associates, and in case of a corporation the name of the officers, directors,
stockholders and manager thereof, and all the requirements of this provision pertaining to

the fingerprinting, investigation and fitness of the applicant shall apply to all such persons.

(50) For each person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of house moving
a quarterly license fee of $25.00 shall be paid, and in addition thereto, he shall maintain
on deposit with the City Clerk a bond in the penal sum of $1,000	executed	by	a surety

company authorized to do business in the State of Nevada for	the	then current year, indemni-

fying the City against injury or damage to pavements or other public property, and all other
persons, firms or corporations, against injury or damage to person or property occurring
while any house is being moved into, along or off any public street. In the event of a
recovery by said City or any private person, firm or corporation on said bond, the said bond
or a similar substitute shall be restored immediately to said penal sum of $1,000.

(51)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of house wrecking
or salvaging, shall pay a quarterly license fee of $12.50 per quarter.

(52)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on	the	business	of	a natatorium	or

swimming pool or tank, where a fee or charge is made for the	use	thereof,	or	where rooms,

lockers or bathing suits are rented in connection therewith, shall pay an annual license fee
of $25.00.

(53)	Every automobile ticket agency or transportation agency, except when conducted
by the owner of the transportation agency line, shall pay a quarterly license fee of $7.50
per quarter. And such license fee shall be paid for such business even though the person
conducting such business or paying such license fee may at the same time and in the same
place, operate another business.

(54)	For every public stenographer, $5.00 per quarter. For the purpose of this
subdivision, a public stenographer is defined to be a person who makes a business of typing
for the general public or for persons other than himself or his immediate permanent employer.

(55)	For each insurance adjuster or insurance adjusting agency, $10.00 per quarter,
except that this subdivision shall not apply to regular insurance agents adjusting losses
for their own companies.

(56)	For each automobile reclaiming agency, $5.00 per quarter.

(57)	For each bail bond broker or bail bond brokerage business, $25.00 per quarter.

(58)	For each painting or decorating contractor, $50.00 per annum.

(59)	For each amusement park charging admission to the grounds, $5.00 per quarter.
(60)	Each private detective, private detective agency, bureau or business shall pay a
license fee of $25.00 per quarter. The application for such license, or any renewal thereof,
shall first be presented to the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas who shall finger-
print the applicant and require such other information as to the identity of the applicant

as will enable the Chief of Police to properly investigate the applicant's character and
reputation. Upon the completion of such investigation, the Chief of Police shall report
his findings to the Board of Commissioners, together with his endorsement upon the application
of his approval or disapproval thereof. If it shall appear to the Board of Commissioners
that the applicant is of such character and reputation that his exercise of the privileges
of the license will not prejudice or be detrimental to the public safety or welfare, said
Board shall grant the application, and the City Clerk shall thereupon issue the license upon
the payment of the fee herein provided. No such license shall be issued to any person, firm,
association or corporation other than the real and actual proprietor of the business for
which it is issued, and the application for such license in case of a firm, copartnership
or association shall state the names of the copartners or associates, and in case of a
corporation the name of the officers, directors, stockholders and manager thereof, and all
the requirements of this provision pertaining to the fingerprinting, investigation and fit-
ness of the applicant shall apply to all such persons.

(61)	For each abstract and/or title company doing business, maintaining an agency, or
operating in the City of Las Vegas, $125.00 per quarter.

(62)	For each brick yard, pressed brick plant, or adobe or concerto block manufactur-
ing plant, $40.00 per annum.

(63)	For each marble and/or granite workers' shop, $5.00 per quarter.

(64)	For each planing mill allowed by law, $5.00 per quarter.

(65)	For each automobile painting and/or sign painting establishment, $25.00 per annum.

(66)	For each welding and/or iron works, $10.00 per quarter.

(67)	For each hair dressing or beauty parlor, or both, whether operated in connection
with a barber shop or separately, $10.00 per quarter for the first booth operated, and $3.00
per quarter for each additional booth operated.

(68)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of distributing
advertising samples, hand bills, dodgers or printed matter of any kind, shall pay a quarterly
license fee of $3.00 per quarter.

(69)	For each finance company, the sum of $100.00 per quarter. For the purpose of
this subdivision, a finance company is defined to be any person, firm or corporation other
than banks, who makes a business of loaning to others for profit and who holds himself
out to the general public as such.

(70)	Every person, firm or corporation selling or distributing gasoline, motor fuel
oil of any kind, or lubricating oil of any kind, within the City of Las Vegas, not for use as
motor fuel for motor vehicles upon the highways of this State, or not to be exported from
this State or sold to the government of the United States for official use of such government,
shall pay a license fee of $30.00 per quarter. And no such person, firm, corporation or
dealer in such gasoline, motor fuel oil or lubricating oil shall be required to include in
his volume of business, the amount of any such gasoline, motor fuel oil or lubricating oil
sales under any license fee paid under the provisions of Section 6 of this ordinance.

(71)	Every person, firm or corporation renting riding horses shall pay a quarterly
license fee of $10.00 per quarter.

(72)	Every person, firm or corporation operating a trailer camp shall pay a quarterly
license fee of $25.00 per quarter.

(73)	For each boot black stand permitted by ordinance of the City, $3.00 per quarter.

(74)	Any establishment maintaining and conducting therein juke boxes, telephone juke
boxes or any other type of coin operated music machine for use by the patrons of such
establishment shall pay a license fee of $5.00 per quarter for each such machine.

(75)	The business of furnishing continuous and uninterrupted music transmitted from
any central location and delivered through the medium of a music box or other outlet, other
than coin operated, in the premises of the purchaser, shall pay a license fee of $25.00

per quarter for the operation of five (5) outlets and an additional fee of $5.00 per quarter
for each outlet in excess thereof.

(76)	Any establishment maintaining and conducting therein coin operated amusement
machines, or any type of mechanical game or device, not intended or played for gambling
purposes, but for use by the patrons of such establishment for amusement only, shall pay
a license fee of $5.00 per quarter for each such machine, mechanical game or device.

(77)	The business of distributing information to Race Horse Books and installing,
maintaining and operating equipment incident thereto shall pay a license fee of $250.00
per quarter for each Race Horse Book in the City of Las Vegas to which such information
is furnished; provided, however, that the issuance of such a license shall not be deemed
to require such licensee to deliver such service to any Race Horse Book licensed under the
provisions of Ordinance No. 325 of the City of Las Vegas.

(78)	Every person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on any
business not specifically licensed by this ordinance or any other ordinance of the City
of Las Vegas, shall pay a quarterly license fee of $25.00 per quarter.

(79)	Nothing in this ordinance contained shall be deemed or construed as applying to
any person engaged in any of the professions or occupations hereinbefore enumerated solely
as an employee of any other person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on
any such business in the City of Las Vegas, unless specifically so provided herein.
Section 3. Section 11 of the above-entitled ordinance is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 11. Every license fee required hereunder which is not paid within a period of
fifteen days from the time the same becomes due and payable is hereby declared to be delin-
quent and the City Clerk shall thereupon add to said license fee and collect, before issuing
such license, a penalty of ten per cent of such license fee so delinquent (but not in any
case less than fifty cents) and such penalty may also be recovered in any civil action brought
in the name of the City of Las Vegas for the recovery of the amount of license tax imposed by
this ordinance. Provided, however, that the City Clerk during each current quarter, at least
ten days before the next succeeding quarter, shall deposit in the United States Post Office
at Las Vegas, Nevada, postage prepaid thereon, a written or printed notice directed to each
person appearing upon the license tax roll for the current quarter calling attention to the
fact that the license fee for the next succeeding quarter will be due at the time provided
in this ordinance and of the amount thereof, if readily ascertainable, and that the penalty
herein provided shall be exacted unless paid within the time required by this ordinance.

Proof of actual receipt of any such notice shall be in no case required.

Section 4. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions of this
ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 5. The increased development in the operation and conduct of business and commerce
in the City of Las Vegas has augmented the burdens of government and makes immediately
necessary the enactment of the foregoing provisions for the readjustment of license fees
and for further supervision and regulation of various occupations in the furtherance and
promotion of the public welfare. This ordinance is, therefore, declared to be and is hereby
passed as an emergency ordinance and shall take effect immediately after its passage and
publication.

Section 6. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance published
in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
for a period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that, by the unanimous consent of the whole Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, the foregoing Ordinance was read in full when first introduced at
the regular meeting of said Board held on the 22nd day of March, 1948, and was passed as an
emergency ordinance upon said reading on said date, on the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "No": None

Absent: None

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed	E. W. Cragin_________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

DICK LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is foreman of the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from March 23, 1948 to March 30th, 1948
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: March 23-30.
That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed	Dick Lochrie_________

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 30th day of March, 1948.

A. E. Cahlan__________________

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires

Jan 12, 1951	(SEAL)

-----oOo-----
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 350

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 9 AND SECTION 14	OF ORDINANCE NO. 325 OF THE	CITY OF LAS VEGAS

ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT GAMING AND	OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE CITY	OF	LAS

VEGAS WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A LICENSE THEREFOR; REGULATING THE SAME; FIXING THE AMOUNT OF
LICENSE FEES; PROVIDING THE PENALTY FOR VIOLATIONS THEREOF; REPEALING ORDINANCES NO. 77, 82,

88, 103, 115, 165, 245, 271, 287, and 319, AND	ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF	ORDINANCES	IN

CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY	RELATING THERETO."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 9 of the above-entitled ordinance is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 9. Stud Poker and draw poker, shall be licensed at the rate of $50.00 per
quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

Panguingue shall be licensed at the rate of $30.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in
advance.

Bridge, whist and solo, shall be licensed at the rate of $15.00 per quarter, payable
quarterly in advance.

Roulette, "21", Hazard, Faro Bank, Wheels of Fortune and Big Six Wheels shall be licensed
at the rate of $100.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

Where one crap table is licensed in any one establishment, the fee therefor shall be
$100.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance. Where more than one crap table is licensed
in any one establishment, the fee for each crap table shall be $200.00 per quarter, payable
quarterly in advance.

The game of Keno, Bingo, Tango or Bank Keno shall be licensed at the rate of $75.00 per
quarter, payable quarterly in advance and in addition thereto shall pay a license fee or
charge of	$1.50	per quarter per chair used in	the conduct of said	game.

Race	Horse	Keno shall	be licensed at the	rate of $250.00 per	quarter.

Race	Horse	Book shall	be licensed at the	rate of $400.00 per	quarter,	payable	quarterly

in advance. The holder of	a valid existing license for the operation of a	Race	Horse	Book

may secure a license for the same current quarter for an additional office anywhere within the
same building for the purpose of receiving and transmitting messages in connection with the
operation of his Race Horse Book, which additional office shall not be open to the general
public, and the license fee therefor shall be $200.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in
advance.

Each slot machine, except penny slot machines, shall be licensed at the rate of $20.00
per quarter, payable quarterly in advance, for each game embodied and incorporated therein,
or for each handle thereon, or for each pay off chute or other mechanical device therein em-
ployed to deliver winnings, or for each coin denomination for which provision is made in the
machine for playing, whichever shall be the greatest. Penny slot machines shall be licensed
at the rate of $50.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance, for each game embodied and
incorporated therein, or for each handle thereon, or for each pay off chute or other mechanicaL
device therein employed to deliver winnings, or for each coin slot or insert, whichever shall
be the greatest.

The licenses above mentioned shall entitle the holder or holders or his or their employee,
or employees, to carry on, conduct and operate any one slot machine of only the specific type
and class, or only such other specific game or device, for which said license is issued, and
only in the particular room and premises described therein, for a period ending with the
quarter within which the license was issued; provided that no license shall be granted for any
portion of any quarter for a sum less than the full quarterly license fee, and the end of each
quarter shall be the last days of March, June, September and December of each year; provided
further that the licensee shall be entitled to carry on, conduct, and operate two or more slot
machines, games or devices mentioned in this section and in Section 1, of this ordinance, in the
same room, upon the payment of the license fees herein provided for and the issuance of a
license in the manner and upon the authority, and upon the conditions and restrictions in this
ordinance provided as on an application for an original license. Each license shall specify upon
the face thereof the name of the licensee, and a complete description identifying the particular
room or premises in which the licensee intends to carry on, conduct or operate the slot machine,
game or device mentioned in this section and in Section 1 of this ordinance, and shall specify
the particular type and class of slot machine, or other particular game or device, by name.

Any license issued under the provisions of this ordinance shall not be transferable by the
licensee to any other person, firm, association or corporation, and shall be valid only for the
particular room and premises described therein and the designated number of slot machines of
the specified type and class, or other specified games or devices for which it is issued.

No license money paid under this ordinance shall be refunded whether the operation of the slot
machine, game or device for which any license was issued has been voluntarily terminated or
the license has been revoked under the provisions of this ordinance, or for any other reason.

The license fees herein provided shall be in addition to those collected by the Sheriff of
Clark County or any other authority.

Section 2. Section 14 of the above-entitled ordinance is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 14. No game, slot machine or gambling device of any kind shall be conducted or
permitted to operate in any open space, vestibule or doorway within the City of Las Vegas, but
all such gambling games and devices of every nature shall, except as otherwise provided in
Section 9 hereof, he operated and conducted on the street floor and completely within the four
walls of a building or room. Except as otherwise provided in Section 9 hereof no gambling
game, device, or slot machine, so licensed, shall be dealt, played, operated, carried on,
or exposed for play behind locked doors.

Section 3. The increased development in the operation and conduct of games and gaming in the
City of Las Vegas has augmented the burdens of government, thereby necessitating the expedit-
ious enactment of the foregoing provisions in the furtherance of the public welfare. This
ordinance is, therefore, declared to be and is hereby passed as an emergency ordinance and shall
take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 4. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance published
in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
for a period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that, by the unanimous consent of the whole Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, the foregoing ordinance was read in full when first introduced at the
regular meeting of said Board held on the 22nd day of March, 1948, and was passed as an emergency
ordinance upon said reading on said date, on the following vote:

Voting "Aye" Commissioners: Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin
Voting "No": None
Absent: None.

(SEAL)

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed_______ E. W. Cragin_____________________________________________

City Clerk	Mayor

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from March 23rd 1948 to March 30th 1948
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

March 23,30 That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th
day of March, 1948.

A. E. Cahlan________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires
Jan 12, 1951

-----0O0-----

ORDINANCE NO. 351

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION XXX, SECTION XXXIII, SECTION XXXVI, AS AMENDED, AND SECTION
LXXXXIV, AS AMENDED, OF ORDINANCE NUMBER 170 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, REGULATING TRAVEL AND TRAFFIC UPON THE PUBLIC STREETS; ESTABLISHING
A CENTRAL TRAFFIC DISTRICT; AND PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE BREACH OF ANY OF THE RULES OR
REGULATIONS REGARDING TRAFFIC IN THIS ORDINANCE PROVIDED, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES NOS. 66, 68,

69, 86, 90, 94, 120, 124, 125, 127, 141, and 143 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND ALL ORDINANCES
AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section XXX of Ordinance No. 170 of the City of Las Vegas shall be and the
same is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that the same shall read as follows:

SECTION XXX. CAREFUL RIDING AND DRIVING.

It shall be unlawful for any person or persons to ride, drive or propel a vehicle of any
kind or character, or being in charge thereof to control the same, in a careless, reckless and
imprudent manner on any street or highway within the City of Las Vegas or in such a manner as
to endanger the life, limb or property of any person, and such riding, driving or propelling
shall constitute reckless driving. Any person who shall violate any provision of this section
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by a fine of not
more than five hundred dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for not more
than six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment; upon a second conviction of an
offense under the provisions of this section the person so convicted shall be punished by a fine
of not more than five hundred dollars ($500.00) or both such fine and imprisonment, and in addition
thereto, if the person so convicted shall own a motor vehicle, the license for said motor vehicle,
insofar as it effects the operation of said motor vehicle within the City of Las Vegas, shall
be revoked for a period in the discretion of the Court not to exceed six (6) months; upon a third
conviction of an offense under the provisions of this section, the person so convicted shall
be punished by a fine of not more than five hundred dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment in the
City Jail for not more than six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment, and in addition
thereto, if the person so convicted shall own a motor vehicle, the license for said motor vehicle
insofar as it effects the operation of said motor vehicle within the City of Las Vegas, shall be
revoked for a period in the discretion of the Court not to exceed six (6) months, and if the
three offenses, and convictions therefor, shall have occurred within a period of twelve (12)
months, his license to operate a car or motor vehicle within the City of Las Vegas shall also be
revoked for a period of not to exceed one (1) year.
The municipal judge, in imposing such sentence, shall not suspend the same or any part
thereof, and it shall be his duty upon the revocation of a motor vehicle license, within ten
(10) days, to forward a record of the conviction to the Motor Vehicle Department of the office
of the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, and upon a revocation of the operators or
chauffeurs license it shall be his duty, within ten (10) days, to forward a record of the
conviction to the State Highway Department of the State of Nevada. Any person who shall drive
a motor vehicle within the City of Las Vegas, the license of which has been revoked, as herein
provided, while said revocation is in effect, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and upon
conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than one hundred dollard ($100.00)
nor more than five hundred dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for not less
than thirty (30) days nor more than six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Any person whose operator's or chauffeur's license has been revoked, as herein provided, who
shall drive a motor vehicle within the City of Las Vegas, while said revocation is in effect
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of
not more than five hundred dollars ($500.00), or imprisonment in the City Jail for not more
than six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 2. Section XXXIII of Ordinance No. 170 of the City of Las Vegas shall be and the
same is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted Bo that the same shall read as follows:

SECTION XXXIII. INTOXICATED PERSONS.

It shall be unlawful for any person or persons, while either intoxicated or under the
influence of intoxicating liquors, or of stimulating or stupefying drugs, to ride, drive or
conduct any vehicle, or have charge or control of any vehicle on any public street or highway
within the City of Las Vegas. Any person who shall violate the provisions of this section
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of
not more than five hundred dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for not
more than six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment, and in addition thereto, the
person so convicted shall be deprived of his license to operate a car within the City of Las
Vegas for a period of not less than ten (10) days nor more than one (1) year, and, if he shall
own a motor vehicle, the license for said vehicle, insofar as it affects the operation thereof
within the City of Las Vegas, shall be revoked by the Court for a period in the discretion of
the Court not to exceed six (6) months; upon a subsequent conviction for an offense under the
provisions of this section, the person so convicted shall be punished by imprisonment in the
City Jail for not less than thirty (30) days nor more than six (6) months, and he shall be
deprived of his license to operate a car within the City of Las Vegas for a period of not to
exceed one (1) year, and, if he shall own a motor vehicle, the license for said vehicle, insofar
as it affects the operation thereof within the City of Las Vegas, shall be revoked by the
Court for a period in the discretion of the Court not to exceed six (6) months, and in addition
thereto he may be fined in a sum not to exceed five hundred dollars ($500.00).

The municipal judge, in imposing such sentence, shall not suspend the same or any part
thereof, and it shall be his duty upon the revocation of a motor vehicle license, within ten
(10) days, to forward a record of the conviction to the Motor Vehicle Department of the Office
of the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, and upon a revocation of the operators or
chauffeurs license it shall be his duty, within ten (10) days, to forward a record of the
conviction to the State Highway Department of the State of Nevada. Any person who shall drive
a motor vehicle, within the City of Las Vegas, the license of which has been revoked, as herein
provided, while said revocation is in effect, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and upon convict-
ion thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than one hundred dollars ($100.00) nor
more than five hundred dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for not less
than thirty (30) days nor more than six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment,

Any person whose operator's or chauffeur's license has been revoked, as herein provided, who
shall drive a motor vehicle, within the City of Las Vegas, while said revocation is in effect,
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of
not more than five hundred dollars ($500.00), or imprisonment in the City Jail for not more
than six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 3. Section XXXVI, as amended, of Ordinance No. 170 of the City of Las Vegas
shall be and the same is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that the same shall read
as follows:

SECTION XXXVI. SPEED IN CITY LIMITS.

It shall be unlawful for any person to ride, drive, or propel any vehicle at a rate of
speed greater than twelve (12) miles per hour on streets adjoining school grounds occupied by
a school building or buildings; or to propel any vehicle at a rate of speed greater than fifteen
(15) miles per hour at any street intersection of any of the streets in the City of Las Vegas;
or to propel any vehicle at a rate of speed greater than twenty (20) miles per hour along Fremont
Street between Main Street and Twelfth Street; or to propel or drive any vehicle at a rate of
speed exceeding twenty-five (25) miles per hour on any other street, public highway, road,
alley, lane, avenue or boulevard within the limits of the City of Las Vegas provided, however,
that twenty-five (25) mile speed limit shall not operate in the three instances hereinbefore
regulated in this section.

Any person who shall violate any provision of this section shall be guilty of a mis-
demeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not more than five hundred
dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than six (6) months, or
by both such fine and imprisonment; upon a second conviction of any offense under the provisions
of this section the person so convicted shall be punished by a fine of not more than five hundred
dollars ($500.00) or by imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than six (6) months, or by
both such fine and imprisonment, and in addition thereto, if the person so convicted shall own
a motor vehicle, the license for said motor vehicle, insofar as it affects the operation of
said motor vehicle within the City of Las Vegas, shall be revoked for a period in the dis-
cretion of the Court not to exceed six (6) months; upon a third conviction of an offense
under the provisions of this section, the person so convicted shall be punished by a fine of
not more than five hundred dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for not more
than six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment, and in addition thereto, if the
person so convicted shall own a motor vehicle, the license for said motor vehicle, insofar as
it affects the operation of said motor vehicle within the City of Las Vegas, shall be revoked
for a period in the discretion of the Court not to exceed six (6) months, and if the three
offenses, and convictions therefor, shall have occurred within a period of twelve (12) months,
his license to operate a car or motor vehicle within the City of Las Vegas shall also be
revoked for a period of not to exceed one (1) year.
The municipal judge, in imposing such sentence, shall not suspend the same or any part
thereof, and it shall be his duty upon the revocation of a motor vehicle license, within ten
(10) days, to forward a record of the conviction to the Motor Vehicle Department of the Office
of the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, and upon a revocation of the operators
or chauffeurs license it shall be his duty, within ten (10) days, to forward a record of the
conviction to the State Highway Department of the State of Nevada. Any person who shall drive
a motor vehicle, within the City of Las Vegas, the license of which nas been revoked, as
herein provided, while said revocation is in effect, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and upon
conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than one hundred dollars ($100.00)
nor more than five hundred dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for not
less than thirty (30) days, nor more than six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.
Any person whose operator's or chauffeur's license has been revoked, as herein provided, who
shall drive a motor vehicle within the City of Las Vegas, while said revocation is in effect
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of
not more than five hundred dollars ($500.00), or imprisonment in the City Jail for not more
than six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 4. Section LXXXXIV, as amended, of Ordinance No. 170 of the City of Las Vegas
shall be and the same is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that the same shall read
as follows:

Section LXXXXIV. PENALTY.

Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor and unless another penalty is in this ordinance provided, shall upon conviction
thereof, be punished by a fine of not less than three dollars ($3.00) nor more than five
hundred dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail not to exceed six (6) months,
or by both such fine and imprisonment, and in default of the payment of any fine, or any
part thereof, may be imprisoned in the City Jail of the City of Las Vegas, one day for each
two dollars of said fine remaining unpaid.

Section 5. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with the provisions
hereof are hereby repealed.

Section 6. If any of the provisions of this Ordinance or their application to any
persons or circumstances shall be held to be invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction,
it shall not be construed to invalidate the remaining provisions of this Ordinance or their
application to other persons or circumstances.

Section 7. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as
in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 8. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas shall cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks im-
mediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed______	E. W. Cragin__________________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

The above and fore-going Ordinance was first proposed, and read by title to the Board
of City Commissioners on the 22nd day of March, 1948, and referred to the following committee
composed of Commissioners Clark and Baskin for recommendation; thereafter the said committee
reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 7th day of April, 1948, which was the next regular
meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on the 7th day
of April, 1948, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners
as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple, and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None.

Absent:	None.

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed	APPROVED: E. W. Cragin___________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

The above and foregoing ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Com-
missioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 22nd day of
April, 1948, and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed________	APPROVED: E. W. Cragin____________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS

COUNTY OF CLARK )

DICK LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; that he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously pub-
lished in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from April 9th, 1948 to April 16th, 1948
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: April 9, 16,
That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named

Signed Dick Lochrie___________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th
day of April, 1948.

A. E. Cahlan_________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission expires
Jan 12, 1951.

(SEAL)

-----oOo------

ORDINANCE NO. 352

AN ORDINANCE DEFINING AND PROHIBITING PETIT LARCENY; FIXING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF
ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDINANCE; AND REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 11 AND ALL ORDINANCES
OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Every person who shall steal, take, and carry, lead, or drive away, the
personal goods or property of another, under the value of two hundred fifty dollars ($250.00),
shall be deemed guilty of petit larceny, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by
imprisonment in the City Jail not more than six (6) months, or by fine not exceeding five
hundred dollars, ($500.00), or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 2. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby
repealed.

Section 3. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication,
as in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 4. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks im-
mediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed	E. W. Cragin_______________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City
Commissioners on the 22nd day of March, 1948, and referred to the following committee com-
posed of Commissioners Whipple and Moore for recommendation; thereafter the said committee
reported favorably on the said ordinance on the 7th day of April, 1948, which was the next
regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on
the 7th day of April, 1948, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City
Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed_______	APPROVED: E. W. Cragin_______________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

The above and foregoing ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Com-
missioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 22nd day of
April, 1948, and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed	APPROVED:	E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

(Seal)
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

DICK LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from April 9th, 1948 to April 16, 1948,
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: April 9 and
16. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named.

Signed_______Dick Lochrie_________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th
day of April, 1948.

A. E. Cahlan_________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires
Jan 12, 1951.

(SEAL)

-----oOo------

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 353

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE AND PUBLIC SALE BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS OF ITS
NEGOTIABLE COUPON BONDS IN THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THREE HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND
DOLLARS ($350,000) TO FINANCE THE CONSTRUCTION OF A SEWAGE DISPOSAL PLANT AS PART OF AND IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SEWAGE SYSTEM OF SAID CITY; PRESCRIBING THE TERMS THEREOF AND PROVIDING
FOR THE LEVY AND COLLECTION OF AN ANNUAL TAX THEREFOR.

WHEREAS, in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, and the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas, and as the result of an election held on the 6th day of May, 1947, at
which election there was submitted to the qualified electors, both property owners and non-
property owners, the following question:

"Shall the City of Las Vegas issue bonds in the sum
of $350,000.00 to secure the necessary funds to
finance the construction of a sewage disposal
plant?"

AND, WHEREAS, thereafter on May 16, 1947, the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas met for the purpose of canvassing the votes upon said question cast at the municipal
election held on May 6, 1947, and they found and declared that said question for the issue
of bonds for the said purpose and in the amount aforesaid was carried by the approving vote
of a majority of the qualified electors, both property owners and non property owners;

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, DOES
ORDAIN:

Section 1. That all proceedings heretofore taken by the Board of Commissioners and by
the officials of the City of Las Vegas directed toward the issuance of Three Hundred Fifty
Thousand Dollars ($350,000) Sewage Disposal Bonds be, and the same are hereby ratified,
approved and confirmed.

Section 2. That for the purpose of constructing a sewage disposal plant as part of
and in connection with the sewage system of said City, for the use of the City of Las Vegas,
pursuant to the powers vested in said City and its Board of Commissioners under the Charter
of said City and the general laws of the State of Nevada, there be issued bonds of said
City of Las Vegas designated "Las Vegas, Nevada, Sewage Disposal Bonds, Series of May 1, 1948"
in the aggregate principal amount of Three Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($350,000),
consisting of 350 bonds in the denomination of $1,000.00 each, bearing interest at the rate
of not more than	three per cent (3%) per annum, both principal and	interest being payable

at the office of	the City Treasurer in any coin	or currency of the	United	States of America,

which on the respective dates of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private
debts, all dated as of May 1, 1948, numbered consecutively from 1 to 350, both numbers in-
clusive, and maturing serially Eight Thousand Dollars ($8,000.00) May 1, 1949, and Eighteen
Thousand Dollars ($18,000.00) on May 1st in each of the years 1950 to 1968, both inclusive.
Interest on said bonds shall be payable semi-annually commencing November 1, 1948 and on the
first days of May and November in each year thereafter until the principal of said bonds has
been fully paid and discharged.

Bonds numbered 81 to 350, both inclusive, maturing on and after May	1, 1954, are subject

to redemption in	inverse numerical order at the	option of the City	of Las	Vegas on the first

day of May, 1953, or on any interest payment date thereafter prior to maturity at a price
equal to the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption date. Notice
of redemption shall be given by the County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, as Ex-officio
Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas in the name of the City of Las Vegas by publication of
said notice at least once in each calendar week on any day for at least four successive weeks
prior to the redemption date in a newspaper of general circulation in the City of Las Vegas
and a copy of such notice shall be	sent by registered mail at least	thirty	days prior to	the

redemption date to the purchaser or purchasers of said bonds. Such	notice	shall specify	the

number or numbers of the bonds to be so redeemed (if less than all are to be redeemed) and
the date fixed for redemption, and	shall further state that on such	redemption date there

will become and be due and payable	upon each bond so to be redeemed	at the	office of the
City Treasurer the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption date, and
that from and after such date, interest will cease to accrue. Notice having been given in
the manner hereinbefore provided, the bond or bonds so called for redemption shall become due
and payable on the redemption date so designated and upon presentation thereof at the office
of the City Treasurer, togather with all appurtenant coupons maturing subsequent to the
redemption date the City of Las Vegas will pay the bond or bonds so called for redemption.

Section 3. Said bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, shall be
attested by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas under the seal of said City, and shall
be countersigned by the County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, as Ex-Officio City Treasurer
of the City of Las Vegas. The coupons attached to said bonds shall bear the facsimile sig-
nature of said City Treasurer, which officer by the execution of said bonds shall adopt as and
for his signature the facsimile thereof appearing on said coupons.

Section 4. That said bonds and the coupons attached thereto shall be in substantially
the following form:

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA

LAS VEGAS SEWAGE DISPOSAL BONDS
SERIES OF MAY 1, 1948

No.______ $1,000.00

The City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for value received,
hereby acknowledges itself indebted and promises to pay to bearer the sum of

ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,000.00)

on the first day of May, A.D. 19___, with interest thereon at the rate of______per centum

(___%) per annum, payable semi-annually on the first days of May and November in each year

upon presentation and surrender of this bond and the attached coupons as they severally
become due, both principal and interest being payable at the office of the City Treasurer of
the City of Las Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada, in any coin or currency of the United States of
America which, on the respective dates of payment is legal tender for the payment of public
and private debts.

*(This bond is subject to redemption at the option of the City of Las Vegas on the first
day of May, 1953, or on any interest payment date thereafter at a price equal to the principal
amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption date. Redemption shall be made upon
not less than thirty days' prior notice by publication in a newspaper of general circulation
in the City of Las Vegas in the manner and upon the conditions provided in the ordinance
authorizing the issuance of this bond.)

This bond is one of a series of bonds of like tenor issued by the City of Las Vegas for
the purpose of constructing a sewage disposal plant as part of and in connection with the
sewage system of said City, for the use of the City of Las Vegas and its inhabitants and
for defraying the cost thereof under the authority of the Charter of said City and of an
ordinance duly enacted pursuant thereto by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada. It is hereby certified that all acts and things required to be done and all
conditions and things required to exist precedent to and in the issuance of this bond to
render the same lawful and valid have happened, been done and performed and did exist in regular
and in due form and in every manner as required by law and that the total indebtedness of the
City of Las Vegas including the indebtedness evidenced by this bond does not exceed the stat-
utory or constitutional limitations under the constitution and laws of the State of Nevada and
of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and it is further certified and recited that pro-
vision has been made for the levy and collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay the
interest on this bond and to discharge the principal thereof when and as the same severally
becomes due.

The full faith and credit of the City of Las Vegas are hereby pledged for the punctual
payment of the principal of and the interest upon this bond.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas has caused this bond to be signed by its Mayor
and by its City Clerk and countersigned by the City Treasurer under the seal of the City of
Las Vegas, all this first day of May, A. D. 1948.

Mayor

ATTEST:

________________________________                                  City Treasurer	

City Clerk

*(To be inserted in bonds numbered 81 to 350, both inclusive, maturing on and after May 1,

1954.)

(Form of Coupon)

No.______	$________

May

On the first day of November, A. D. 19_____*(unless the bond to which this coupon is attached

has been called for prior redemption) the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, will pay the bearer

_________________________Dollars

at the office of the City Treasurer in Las Vegas, Nevada, in lawful money of the United States
of America, being six months' interest on its Sewage Disposal Bonds, Series of May 1, 1948.

Bond No._______

(Facsimile Signature)_______

City Treasurer

*(To be inserted in coupons maturing after May 1, 1954 attached to bonds numbered 81 to
350, both inclusive)

Section 5. That said Sewage Disposal Bonds, Series of May 1, 1948, shall be sold at
public sale to the person or persons offering the best and most advantageous terms to said
City. The Mayor and City Clerk be and they are her by authorized and directed to give notice offering
said sewage disposal bonds for sale and calling for bids for the purchase of said bonds by
publishing a notice once a week for four consecutive weeks by five insertions at weekly
intervals in The Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, the official newspaper of the City of Las
Vegas and by mailing a copy of such notice at least three weeks prior to the date fixed for
the sale to the State Board of Finance, Carson City, Nevada, which said notice shall be in
substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF SALE
OF

CITY OF LAS VEGAS. NEVADA. SEWAGE DISPOSAL BONDS
SERIES OF MAY 1, 1948
$350,000.00

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will on the 27th
day of May, 1948, at 3:30 o'clock P.M., at the City Office in Las Vegas, Nevada, offer for sale
the following described general obligation bonds of said City:

City of Las Vegas Sewage Disposal Bonds, Series
of May 1, 1948, dated May 1, 1948, in the aggre-
gate principal amount of $350,000.00, numbered
from 1 to 350, both inclusive, in the denomina-
tion of $1,000.00 each, maturing serially $8,000.00
May 1, 1949 and $18,000.00 on May 1st in each of the
years 1950 to 1968, both inclusive; bonds numbered
81 to 350, both inclusive, maturing on the first day
of May in each of the years 1954 to 1968, both in-
clusive, being subject to redemption in inverse numer-
ical order at the option of the City on the first day
of May, 1953, or on any interest payment date there-
after upon the payment of the principal amount thereof
and accrued interest to the redemption date, and all
of said bonds bearing interest at a rate of not more than
three per cent (3%) per annum, payable semi-annually on
the first days of May and November in each year, both
principal and interest being payable at the office of
the City Treasurer, Las Vegas, Nevada

Bidders are required to submit a bid specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest and
premium, if any, above par at which the bidder will purchase said bonds; or (b) the lowest
rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase said bonds at par. The bonds will be sold
to the bidder making the best bid, subject to the right of the corporate authorities of the
City of Las Vegas to reject any and all bids and re-advertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest, nor will any
discount or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds. All bids shall be sealed
and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be accompanied by a deposit of five per cent,
either cash of certified check, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is
not accepted; and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of
said bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his bid, the amount of his deposit
shall be forfeited to the City of Las Vegas, and, in that event, the corporate authorities
of said City may accept the bid of the one making the next best bid, or if all bids are rejected,
such authorities may re-advertise said bonds for sale. If there be two or more equal bids and
such bids are the best bids received, and are not less than par and accrued interest, the cor-
porate authorities will determine which bid shall be accepted.

The legality of the bonds will be approved by Messrs. Pershing, Bosworth, Dick and Dawson,
Attorneys at Law, Denver, Colorado, whose opinion, together with the printed bonds, will be fur-
nished the purchaser without charge.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 23rd day of April, A. D. 1948.

E. W. Cragin________________

(SEAL)

Section 6. That when said bonds have been duly executed and sold, the City Treasurer
of the City of Las Vegas shall deliver them to the lawful purchaser thereof on receipt of the
purchase price. The funds realized from the sale of the bonds shall be applied solely to the
construction of the sewage disposal plant in the City of Las Vegas, but the purchaser of said
bonds shall in no manner be responsible for the application by said City or any of its officers
of any of the funds derived from the sale thereof.

Section 7. The	interest falling	due on said bonds	on November 1, 1948	and the principal

and interest falling	due May 1, 1949,	shall be paid out	of the general fund	of said City, or

any other funds that	may be available	for such purpose,	and there shall be levied in the year

1948 on all property	both real and personal, subject to	taxation within the	boundaries of said

City, including the net proceeds of mines, a tax sufficient to reimburse said fund or funds
for such installments of interest and principal, and for the purpose of creating a fund for
the payment of said bonds and the interest thereon, there shall be levied in the year 1948
annually thereafter, a sufficient tax on all property, both real and personal, subject to
taxation within the boundaries of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, including
the net proceeds of mines, sufficient to pay the interest on said bonds and to pay and
retire the same as hereinabove provided; and provided further that in the preparation of the
annual appropriation ordinance for the City, the City Council shall first make proper
provision, through the levy of sufficient	taxes, for the payment of	the	interest on and the

retirement of the principal of the bonded	indebtedness of the City,	and	the amount of money

necessary for this purpose, together with	the amounts necessary for	the	payment of principal	of

and interest on the other bonded indebtedness of the City, shall be a first charge against
all of the revenue received by said City. In any year in which the total taxes levied by
all overlapping political subdivisions and taxing units in Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
may exceed the limitation of five cents on the dollar imposed by Section 2 of Article X of
the Constitution of the State of Nevada, and it shall become necessary by reason thereof
to reduce the levies made in behalf of said City, the reductions so made shall be in taxes
levied for or by such City for purposes other than the payment of its bonded indebtedness
and interest thereon, and the taxes levied hereafter for the payment of such bonded indebted-
ness, and the interest thereon, shall always enjoy a priority over taxes levied for or on
behalf of such City for any other purposes where reduction is necessary in order to comply
with the limitations of said Section 2 of Article X of the Nevada Constitution, or with the
City Charter of Las Vegas, Nevada. Such tax shall be levied and collected in the same
manner and at the same time as other taxes are levied and collected, add the proceeds thereof
shall be kept by the County Treasurer in a special fund to be known as the "Sewage Disposal
Bond, Series of May 1, 1948, Fund", which shall be used for no other purpose than the payment
of principal and interest as the same fall due. Such tax shall be levied in the year 1948
and annually thereafter until all of said bonds, and the interest thereon, shall have been
fully paid, satisfied and discharged. Any sums coming due on said bonds at any time when
there are on hand from such tax levy or levies, insufficient funds to pay the same, shall
be promptly paid when due from general funis on hand belonging to the City of Las Vegas, re-
imbursement to be made to such general funds in the sums thus advanced when taxes herein
provided for shall have been collected.

Section 8. The City Council does hereby find and declare that the life of the improve-
ment to be constructed out of the proceeds of the sale of said bonds shall and will be in
excess of twenty years.

Section 9. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be, and they hereby are, author-
ized and directed to take all action necessary for or appropriate to effectuate the pro-
visions of this ordinance, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
printing of said bonds and the execution of such certificates as may be required by the
purchaser thereof relating to the signing of the bonds, the tenure and identity of the
municipal officials, the assessed valuation and indebtedness of the City of Las Vegas, the
receipt of the bond purchase price and the absence of litigation pending or threatened
affecting the validity thereof.

Section 10. All ordinances or parts thereof in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed. After the bonds hereby authorized have been issued, this ordinance shall
constitute a contract between the City of Las Vegas and the holder or holders of said bonds,
and shall be and remain irrepealable until said bonds and the interest accruing thereon
shall have been fully paid, satisfied and discharged.

Section 11. This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption,
approval and the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Evening
Review-Journal.

Section 12. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed
to cause this ordinance to be published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive
weeks, immediately after its final passage and approval at this meeting.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 23rd day of April A. D. 1948.

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed______	E. W. Cragin________________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

Mayor	E. W. Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner	R. T. Baskin	"Aye"

Commissioner	Robert T Moore	"Aye"

Commissioner	C. R. Clark	"Aye"

Commissioner	Reed Whipple	"Aye"

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

None.

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed	E W. Cragin__________________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

DICK LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at

Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from April 26, 1948 to May 3rd, 1948
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: April 26 and
May 3rd. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named.

Signed Dick Lochrie_________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd
day of May, 1948.

A. E. Cahlan_______________________________

(SEAL)

My Commission Expires
Jan 12, 1951

-----oOo-----

ORDINANCE NO. 354

AN ORDINANCE RELATING TO TRAFFIC AND REGULATING THE USE OF THE STREETS AND HIGHWAYS OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS; CREATING AND DEFINING PARKING METER ZONES; PROVIDING FOR THE DESIGNATION
OF INDIVIDUAL PARKING SPACES; DEFINING AND PROVIDING FOR THE INSTALLATION, OPERATION, AND
MAINTENANCE OF PARKING METERS: PRESCRIBING PARKING TIME LIMITS; REQUIRING DEPOSIT OF COINS
FOR THE USE OF PARKING METERS AND PARKING METER ZONES AND PROVIDING FOR THE COLLECTION AND
DISPOSITION OF SUCH COINS; PROVIDING FOR THE ENFORCEMENT THEREOF; DEFINING OFFENSES AND PRE-
SCRIBING PENALTIES; AND PROVIDING THAT INVALIDITY OF PART SHALT. NOT AFFECT THE VALIDITY OF
THE REMAINDER; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH.

WHEREAS, The narrowness of and the volume of traffic on the streets in certain sections
of the City of Las Vegas has the effect of congesting the streets and impeding the movement
of traffic; and

WHEREAS, It is the habit of numerous operators of motor vehicles to take advantage of
this situation by parking for unreasonably long periods of time in close proximity to other
motor vehicles so parked on the most congested parts of the city's busiest streets; and

WHEREAS, Such practice tends to further impede traffic and in addition thereto consti-
tutes a danger to the life, limb and property of other motorists, pedestrians and others; and

WHEREAS, It is the opinion of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas that
the best method by which the above mentioned conditions may be remedied is by the designation
of individual parking spaces in the said area, by restricting parking in said area to reason-
able intervals of time and by compelling the operators of vehicles who enjoy the use of the
parking space so designated to pay a portion of the cost of establishing, maintaining and re-
gulating the use of said parking spaces; and

WHEREAS, Previous attempts to regulate traffic and parking in the aforesaid area have not
been as successful as desirable for the reason that adequate policing of this problem by the
Police Department alone requires a larger number of officers for such work than can be spared
from other vital functions of the Police Department, and it is therefore desirable to employ
some mechanical assistance in the enforcement of said parking limitations; and

WHEREAS, Parking meters have been installed in a number of cities as an aid to the
police in reducing traffic difficulties and the public authorities of such cities report
favorable results from the installation and operation of parking meters;

NOW, THEREFORE, The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Definitions. For the purpose of this ordinance:

(a)	The word "vehicle" shall mean any device in, upon or by which any person or property
is or may be transported upon a highway, except a device which is operated upon rails or
tracks.

(b)	The word "streets" shall mean any public street, avenue, road, alley, highway,
lane, path, or other public place located in the City of Las Vegas and established for the
use of vehicles.

(c)	The word "person" shall mean and include any individual, firm, co-partnership,
association or corporation.

(d)	 The word "operator" shall mean and include every individual who shall operate a
vehicle as the owner thereof, or as the agent, employee or permittee of the owner, or is
in actual physical control of a vehicle.

(e)	The word "park" or "parking" shall mean the standing of a vehicle, whether occupied
or not, upon a street otherwise than temporarily for the purpose of, and while actually engaged
in, receiving or discharging passengers or loading or unloading merchandise or in obedience to
traffic regulations, signs or signals or an involuntary stopping of the vehicles by reason of
causes beyond the control of the operator of the vehicle.

(f)	The word "Parking Meter" shall mean and include any mechanical device or meter
not inconsistent with this ordinance placed or erected for the regulation of parking by
authority of this ordinance. Each parking meter installed shall indicate by proper legend the
legal parking time established by the city and when operated shall at all times indicate the
balance of legal parking time, and at the expiration of such period shall indicate illegal

or overtime parking.

(g)	The words "Parking Meter Zone" shall mean and include any restricted street upon
which parking meters are installed and in operation.
(h)	The words "Parking Meter Space" shall mean any space within a parking meter zone,
adjacent to a parking meter and which is duly designated for the parking of a single vehicle
by lines painted or otherwise durably marked on the curb or on the surface of the street
adjacent to or adjoining the parking meters.

Section 2. PARKING METER ZONE. The following named and described areas, streets, or
portions of streets and such other areas, streets, or portions of streets as may hereafter
be included in this section by amendment hereto, lying within the corporate limits of the
City of Las Vegas, shall constitute a Parking Meter Zone, namely: On Fremont Street from
Main to 8th Street; on Carson Street from Main to 5th; on Ogden Street from Main to 5th
Street; on Main Street between Carson and Ogden Streets; on 1st Street, 2nd Street, 4th
Street and 5th Streets, between Carson Street and Ogden Street; on 3rd Street between
Bridger Street and Stewart Street. All frontages in said squares, streets, or avenues
defining said zones to be included therein.

Section 3. DESIGNATION OF PARKING SPACES. The City Engineering Department in coop-
eration with the Chief of Police is hereby directed and authorized to mark off individual
parking spaces in the parking zones designated and described in Section 2 of this ordinance
and in such other zones as may hereafter be established, said parking spaces to be designated
by lines painted or durably marked on the curbing or surface of the street. At each space
so marked off it shall be unlawful to park any vehicle in such a way that said vehicle shall
not be entirely within the limits of the space so designated.

Section 4. INSTALLATION OF PARKING METERS. In said parking meter zones the City
Engineering Department in cooperation with the Chief of Police shall cause parking meters
to be installed upon the curb or sidewalk immediately adjacent to the parking spaces pro-
vided in Section 3 of this ordinance, said installation to be placed not more than two (2)
feet from the curb nor more than four (4) feet from the front line of the parking space as
indicated, and the Chief of Police shall be responsible for the regulation, control, operation
maintenance, and use of such parking meters. Each device shall be so set as to display a
signal showing legal parking upon the deposit of the appropriate coin or coins, lawful
money of the United States of America, for the period of time prescribed by this ordinance.

Each device shall be so arranged that upon the expiration of the lawful time limit it will
indicate by a proper visible signal that the lawful parking period has expired and in such cases
the right of such vehicle to occupy such space shall cease and the operator, owner, possessor
or manager thereof shall be subject to the penalties hereinafter provided.

Section 5. OPERATION OF PARKING METERS. Except in a period of emergency determined
by an officer of the Fire or Police Department, or in compliance with the directions of a
police officer or traffic control sign or signal, when any vehicle shall be parked in any
parking space alongside or next to which a parking meter is located, the operator of such
vehicle shall, upon entering the said parking meter space, immediately deposit or cause to
be deposited in said meter such proper coin of the United States as is required for such
parking meter and as is designated by proper directions on the meter, and when required
by the directions on the meter, the operator of such vehicle, after the deposit of the
proper coin or coins, shall also set in operation the timing mechanism on such meter in
accordance with directions properly appearing thereon, and failure to deposit such proper
coin, and to set the timing mechanism in operation when so required, shall constitute a
violation of this ordinance. Upon the deposit of such coin (and the setting of the
timing mechanism in operation when so required) the parking space may be lawfully occupied
by such vehicle during the period of time which has been prescribed for the part of the
street in which said parking space is located, provided that any person placing a vehicle
in a parking meter space adjacent to a meter which indicates that unused time has been left
in the meter by the previous occupant of the space shall not be required to deposit a coin
so long as his occupancy of said space does not exceed the indicated unused parking time.

If said vehicle shall remain parked in any such parking space beyond the parking time
limit set for such parking space, and if the meter shall indicate such illegal parking,
then, and in that event, such vehicle shall be considered as parking overtime and beyond
the period of legal parking time, and such parking shall be deemed a violation of this
ordinance.

Section 6. PARKING TIME LIMITS.

(a)	Said parking meter shall be operated in said parking meter zone every day between
the hours of 9:00 A.M. and 6:00 o'clock P.M., except Sundays and legal holidays; provided,
however, that within the meaning of this ordinance the term "holiday" shall include the
following days only: the first day of January, the 12th day of February, the 22nd day of
February, the 30th day of May, the 4th day of July, the first Monday in September, the
12th day of October, the 31st day of October, the 11th day of November, the 25th day of
December, and the day designated and set aside by the President of the United States, and/or
the Governor of the State of Nevada as a day of Thanksgiving (Thanksgiving Day).

(b)	Parking or standing a vehicle in a designated space in a parking meter zone shall
be lawful for twelve (12) minutes or more with a maximum of sixty (60) minutes, and upon
deposit of a one (1) one-cent coin of the United States of America for twelve (12) minutes,
or of a one (1) five-cent coin of the United States of America for sixty (60) minutes in
all parking meter zones.

(c)	The Chief of Police is hereby directed and authorized to mark off a loading and
unloading zone in the parking meter areas wherein commercial trucks nay park in the parking
zones to load or unload merchandise without depositing coins for a period up to and including
the hour of 10:00 A.M. Should any truck or delivery car be parked in said zone to load or
unload merchandise after the hour of 10:00 A.M. without depositing a coin, then, and in that
event, said violator will be given a ticket and classed as a violation and the legal penalty
imposed.

Section 7. VIOLATIONS. It shall be unlawful and a violation of the provisions of this
ordinance for any person.

(a)	TO cause, allow, permit or suffer any vehicle registered in the name of, or operated
by such person to be parked overtime, or beyond the period of legal parking time established
for any parking meter zone as herein described, or to deposit in any parking meter any coin for
the purposes of parking beyond the maximum legal parking time for the particular parking
meter zone.

(b)	To permit any vehicle to remain or be placed in any parking space adjacent to any
parking meter while said meter is displaying a signal indicating that the vehicle occupying
such parking space has already been parked beyond the period prescribed for such parking
space.

(c)	To park any vehicle across any line or marking of a parking meter space or in such
position that the vehicle shall not be entirely within the area designated by such lines

or markings.

(d)	To deface, injure, tamper with, open or wilfully break, destroy, or impair the use-
fulness of any parking meter installed under the provisions of this ordinance.

(e)	To deposit or cause to be deposited in any parking meter any slugs, device or metal
substances, or other substitute for lawful coins.

Section 8. It shall be the duty of the Police Department of the City of Las Vegas to
enforce the provisions of this ordinance and to report:

(a)	The number of each parking meter (if so numbered) which indicates that the vehicle
occupying the parking space adjacent to such parking meter is or has been parking in violation
of any of the provisions of this ordinance.

(b)	The state license number of such vehicle.

(c)	The time during which said vehicle is parking in violation of any of the provisions
of this ordinance.

(d)	Any other facts, a knowledge of which is necessary to a thorough understanding of
the circumstances attending such violation. Each such police officer shall also attach to
such vehicle a notice to the owner or operator thereof that such vehicle has been parked in
violation of a provision of this ordinance and instructing such owner or operator to report
at the Police Department of the City of Las Vegas in regard to such violation. Each such
owner or operator may within twenty-four (24) hours of the time when such notice was attached
to such vehicle, pay to the Police Department of the City of Las Vegas, as a penalty for and
in full satisfaction of such violation, the sum of One Dollar ($1.00) for the first offense,
Two Dollars ($2.00) for the second offense, and Three Dollars ($3.00) for the third and

each subsequent offense thereafter. The failure of such owner or operator to make such pay-
ment of the sums as herein provided within twenty-four (24) hours, shall render such owner
or operator subject to the penalties hereinafter provided for the violation of the provisions
of this ordinance.

Section 9* COLLECTIONS. It shall be the duty of the Chief of Police to designate some
member or members of the Police Department, who shall be bonded, to make regular collections
of the money deposited in said meters and it shall be the duty of such persons so designated
to remove the coins so deposited in said meters and to deliver the same to the City Comptrol-
ler of the City of Las Vegas who shall count the funds contained therein and deposit such
funds with the City Clerk.

Section 10. USE OF FUNDS. The coins deposited in parking meters are required and shall
be used to defray the expense of proper regulation of traffic upon the public streets of the
City of Las Vegas; to provide for the cost of supervision, regulation and control of the
parking of vehicles in parking meter zones; and to cover the cost of purchase, supervision,
protection, inspection, installation, operation, maintenance, control and use of parking
meters.

Section 11. PENALTY. Any person who shall violate or fail to comply with any of the
provisions of this ordinance, or who shall counsel, aid or abet any such violation or failure
to comply, shall be deemed guilty of an offense and shall be punished by a fine of not to
exceed Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00) or by imprisonment for not to exceed six (6) months,
either or both penalties to be imposed at the discretion of the court.

Section 12. RESERVATION OF POWERS. Nothing in this ordinance shall be construed as
prohibiting the City of Las Vegas from providing for bus stops, for taxicab stands and other
matters of similar nature, including the loading or unloading of trucks, vans, or other
commercial vehicles.

Section 13. REPEAL OF CONFLICTING ORDINANCES. All ordinances and parts of ordinances
inconsistent with the terms of this ordinance are hereby repealed; provided, however, that
such repeal shall be only to the extent of such inconsistency and in all other respects this
ordinance shall be cumulative of other ordinances regulating and governing the subject matter
covered by this ordinance.

Section 14. SEVERABILITY. If any section, clause, phrase, paragraph or sentence of the
ordinance is for any reason held to be void or unconstitutional, such decision shall not af-
fect the validity of the remainder of this Act, and it is hereby declared that this Act, and
each of the sections, sentences, clauses, paragraphs or phrases thereof, would have been passed
irrespective of the fact that any one or more of such sections, paragraphs, sentences, clauses
or phrases may hereafter be declared to be void or unconstitutional.

Section 15. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as
in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 16. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immedi-
ately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a
daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

______E. W. Cragin_________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

_______Shirley Ballinger_________

City Clerk
The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and ready by title to the Board of City
Commissioners on the 7th day of July, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed
of Commissioners	Clark and Whipple____________________for recommendation; there-

after the said committee reported favorably on the said ordinance on the 13th day July,

1948, which was a special meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at said special
meeting held on the 13th day of July, 1948, the proposed ordinance was read in full to
the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None

Absent: Commissioner Baskin

APPROVED:

E. W. Cragin______________

Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger_____________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City
Commissioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 23rd
day of July, 1948, and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None
Absent: Commissioner Baskin.

APPROVED:

E. W. Cragin______________

Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger______________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

DICK LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from July 15th, 1948, to July 22nd,

1948, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to wit:

July 15 - 22, That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named.

Signed______Dick Lochrie_________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th
day of July, 1948.

A. E. Cahlan___________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires
Jan. 12, 1951

(SEAL)

-----oOo-----

ORDINANCE NO. 355

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTIONS 3, 4 and 5 OF ORDINANCE NO. 343 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
ENTITLED "AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE CONSTRUCTION AND MAINTENANCE OF BUSINESS, COMMERCIAL
AND INDUSTRIAL DRIVEWAYS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; REQUIRING PERMITS THEREFOR AND PROVIDING
FOR TEE ISSUANCE THEREOF; FIXING AND IMPOSING THE FEES TO BE PAID UPON THE ISSUANCE OF PER-
MITS; CANCELLING AND REVOKING ALL PERMITS FOR SUCH DRIVEWAYS HERETOFORE ISSUED; PROVIDING
FOR THE REVOCATION OF PERMITS ISSUED HEREUNDER; PRESCRIBING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF
ANY OF THE PROVISIONS HEREOF; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
HEREWITH; AND OTHER MATTERS! PROPERLY RELATED THERETO." AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS
OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH.

WHEREAS, driveways, as hereinafter defined, within the City of Las Vegas have created an
exceptional traffic hazard and have unreasonably restricted the use of the streets insofar
as the rights of the general public are concerned, now, therefore

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 3 or Ordinance No. 343 is hereby amended to read as follows:
Section 3. Application in writing for such permit shall be made to and upon forms
furnished by the City Engineer and shall state the location of the proposed or existing drive-
way, its grade, type of construction, design and dimensions, its purposes, the nature of the
property or business it is to serve or is serving, and such other information as may be re-
quired by the City Engineer, who shall issue a permit therefor if he finds upon investigation
taking into account the estimated amount of pedestrian and vehicular traffic on said driveway
and on the adjacent street and sidewalk, and having due regard for the interests and convenie-
ence of the public and a reasonable use of the property served or to be served by such drive-
way, that the proposed or existing driveway will not substantially impair, endanger, inter-
fere with, or be a menace to the public safety, provided, however, that no permit shall be
issued without the approval of the Board of Commissioners for the construction of a driveway
in excess of thirty-two (32) feet in length at the curb or lot line, nor unless a safety
island space of at least eighteen (18) feet measured along the curb and lot line shall be
provided between driveways, except that such permit may be issued without such approval of
the Board of Commissioners first obtained for any existing driveway where the same has here-
tofore been constructed with the approval of the Building Inspector and is now in actual use,
and all driveways, with curb and gutter returns, shall be located and constructed according to
the specifications and under the direction of the City Engineer, and according to the ordin-
ances and regulations of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2.	Section	4 of Ordinance	No. 343	is	hereby	amended to read	as	follows:

Section 4*	Upon the issuance of a	permit,	as	herein	provided, the City	Clerk shall

collect from the applicant therefor, and pay over to the City Treasurer, the fee of Fifty
Cents (50¢) for each lineal foot or frantion thereof of authorized driveway in excess of
sixteen (16) lineal feet measured along the curb or lot line, whichever is greater, and where
curb and gutter exists or is constructed, and no permit shall be valid, nor shall any right,
authority or privilege accrue thereunder to the holder thereof, unless and until said fee is
paid.

Section 3.	Section	5 of Ordinance	No. 343	is	hereby	amended to read	as	follows:

Section 5.	Without	limiting the rights, powers and authority vested	by	law in the	 City

of Las Vegas in respect to the suspension, revocation or cancellation of permits, and in ad-
dition to every remedy vested by law in said City in relation thereto, the acceptance of a
permit or any renewal thereof under the provisions of this ordinance shall constitute an
agreement on the part	of the	holder thereof,	as a condition for the	grating of the same,	that:

(a)	Said permit	may	be	revoked	by the	Board of Commissioners	at any	time for any viola-

tion of any of the provisions or conditions of said permit.

(b)	Said permit may be revoked by the Board of Commissioners at any time upon the failure
or refusal of the holder thereof to construct and continuously maintain the driveway according
to the specifications of the City Engineer, or the Board of Commissioners as heretofore or
herein provided, and under the direction of the City Engineer, and according to the ordinances
and regulations of the City of Las Vegas, or upon his failure or refusal to maintain said
driveway in good order and condition, or upon his failure or refusal to make such necessary
repairs thereto as directed by the City Engineer, or if, in its sole discretion, the Board

of Commissioners shall determine that said driveway for any reason whatever is or has become
dangerous and a menace to	the public	safety,	or for any reasons of	public	welfare.

(c)	Said permit	may	be	revoked	by the	Board of Commissioners	at any	time upon the	failure

or refusal of the holder of said permit to complete the construction of the driveway within
thirty (30) days after the curb has been broken or any other work has been commenced in the
construction of said driveway.

(d)	Said permit may be revoked by the Board of Commissioners at any time upon the
abandonment or nonuse of said driveway for a reasonable time of the purposes of the property
or business which said driveway was authorized to serve.

(e) The City of Las Vegas shall not be estopped for any reason whatever to suspend,
revoke or cancel said permit or any renewal thereof as herein provided.

(f)	Upon the termination of said permit, by revocation, expiration, or otherwise, the
rights, privileges and authority granted thereby shall thereupon cease and determine, and the
driveway shall be removed, and the sidewalk, curb and other public property where said drive-
way shall have been located shall be restored to their original condition and location in
accordance with the specifications and under the direction of the City Engineer, and ac-
cording to the ordinances and regulations of the City of Las Vegas, so that said sidewalk,
curb and other public property shall be safe for public travel, and said work shall be done
at the sole expense of the holder of said permit and without cost or expense or any kind
whatever to the City of Las Vegas, provided, that in the event of the failure, neglect or
refusal on the part of the holder of said permit to remove the driveway and affect the res-
toration of the sidewalk, curb and other public property when directed in writing so to do

by the City Engineer, the City of Las Vegas may proceed to remove the driveway and restore
the sidewalk, curb and other public property and charge the expense thereof to the holder
of said permit.

Section 4. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions hereof
are hereby repealed.

Section 5. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas, for a period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

E. W. Cragin_______________

Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger_____

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City
Commissioners on the 7th day of July, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed
of Commissioners Clark and Moore for recommendation; thereafter the said Committee reported
favorably on the said Ordinance on the 13th day of July, 1948, which was a special meeting
of said Board of City Commissioners; that at said special meeting held on the 13th day
of July, 1948, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners
as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None
Absent: Commissioner Baskin

APPROVED:

E. W. Cragin____________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City
Commissioners for a second time at a special meeting of the Board held on the 23rd day
of July, 1948, and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin

APPROVED:

E. W. Cragin_______________

	Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger_________

City Clerk

ORDINANCE NO. 356

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS AMENDING ORDINANCE NO. 308, PROVIDING FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A BUREAU
OF FIRE PREVENTION, PROVIDING OFFICERS THEREFOR AND DEFINING THEIR POWERS AND DUTIES, AND PRESCRIBING REGULA-
TIONS FOR FIRE PREVENTION AND LIFE SAFETY IN CONNECTION WITH HAZARDOUS MATERIALS AND PROCESSES; PROVIDING
PENALTIES FOR ITS VIOLATION AND REPEAL OF ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION ONE. Section one of Ordinance No. 308 is amended to read as follows:

That a certain document, three (3) copies of which are on file in the office of the City Clerk,
of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated as Suggested Fire Prevention Ordinance, edition of 1947,
recommended and published by the National Board of Fire Underwriters, be, and the same is hereby referred to
and adopted as the Fire Prevention Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, and by said reference and adoption,
made a part of this Ordinance, the same as if it was fully set forth herein, Provided,

Certain sections of said Suggested Fire Prevention Ordinance, as adopted by this ordinance are
hereby amended as follows, to-wit:

(a)	- Part 8 is deleted in its entirety and there is substituted and adopted a certain

document, three (3) copies of which are on file in the office of the City Clerk,
of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated as Pamphlet 58 - Standards
of the National Board of Fire Underwriters for the Design, Installation and Con-
struction of Containers and Pertinent Equipment for the storage and handling of
Liquefied Petroleum Gases, as recommended by the National Fire Protection Assoc-
iation, Edition of January, 1947, which is hereby referred to and adopted as
Part 8 of the Fire Prevention Ordinance and by said reference and adoption, made
a part of this Ordinance the same as if it was fully set forth herein.

(b)	- Section 913 is amended by deleting the first sentence and substituting the follow-

ing:

Storage Limited in Frame and Other Buildings not so used on August 6, 1948. The
storage of flammable liquids inside buildings, except in buildings so used on
August 6, 1948 and except inside buildings used only for the storage, handling,
mixing and blending of flammable liquids and for no other or unrelated occupancy,
shall be as given under the following subsections; provided that, in a special
storage room or fire resistive building conforming to requirements given in
Section 915, the storage of Class I liquids shall be in accordance with Section
916 and the quantity of Class II and III liquids shall be unlimited as to total
quantity.
(c)	- Section 953 is amended by deleting the section in its entirety and substituting the
following:

(a)	No aboveground tank shall be filled with or used for the storage of flammable
liquids, if the distance between the shell thereof and the nearest adjoining
property line that may be built upon is less than one half the diameter of the
tank and in no event, if the distance is less than ten (10) feet; provided,
however, that tanks erected and in use for the storage of flammable liquids at
the date of passage of this ordinance shall be deemed to comply with this
section.

(b)	The minimum distance between shells of any two all-steel, gas-tight tanks
shall be not less than one-half the diameter of the smaller tank, except that
for tanks of 50,000 gallons or less, such distance shall be not less than
three (3) feet regardless of diameter.

(d)	- Section 954 is amended by adding to the first sentence thereof the words "or vacuum and
pressure relief valves."

(e)	- Section 960 (e) is amended by deleting sub-section in its entirety and substituting the
following:

Installation of Tanks for Class III Liquids Inside Buildings.

(a)	Oil supply tanks larger than 60 gallons capacity shall not be located
in buildings above the lowest story, cellar or basement.

(b)	Unenclosed inside storage tanks and auxiliary tanks shall not be located
within seven (7) feet, horizontally, of any fire or flame.

(c)	Oil supply tanks located inside buildings shall not exceed 275 gallons
individual capacity or $$0 gallons aggregate capacity in an individual build-
ing, or in sections of a building separated by fire walls, unless installed
in an enclosure or casing constructed as follows:

The walls of the enclosure shall be constructed of reinforced concrete at
least six (6) inches thick or of brick at least eight (8) inches thick.

Such enclosures shall be installed only on concrete or other fire-resistive
floors and shall be bonded to the floors. Enclosures shall have tops of
reinforced concrete at least five (5) inches thick or equivalent fire-
resistive construction the walls may be extended to and bonded to the
underside of the construction above in lieu of the provision of a sep-
arate top. Any openings to such enclosures shall be provided with fire
doors or other approved closures. Provision shall be made for adequate
ventilation of such enclosures prior to entering for inspection or re-
pairs on tanks.

Instead of an enclosure as above described the tank may be encased in
reinforced concrete not less than six (6) inches in thickness, applied
directly to the tank so as to completely eliminate any air space.

(d)	In buildings of ordinary construction the nominal gross capacity of
tanks shall not exceed 5,000 gallons.

(e)	In fire-resistive buildings the nominal gross capacity of the tanks
shall not exceed 15,000 gallons.

(f)	In any building, if in a fire-resistive or detached room cut off
vertically and horizontally in an approved manner, from other florrs of
the main building, the nominal gross capacity of tanks shall not exceed
$0,000 gallons, with an individual tank capacity not exceeding 25,000
gallons.

(f)	- Section 972 is amended by deleting the first sentence of the second paragraph

and substituting the following:

Vent openings for aboveground tanks containing Class I of Class II liquids
shall be provided with approved flame arresters or vacuum and pressure
relief valves.

(g)	- Section 986 is amended by deleting paragraph 8 and substituting the following:

Every tank having a total capacity in excess of 1,500 gallons and used for
the distribution of Class I flammable liquids to any premises to which the
public is invited shall be divided into compartments, no one of which shall
exceed 1,200 gallons. A tolerance of ten (10) per cent shall be allowed
for capacities of individual compartments or tanks.

Bulkheads or compartments shall not be required in any tank used for trans-
portation service, regardless of total capacity, which, when loaded and
transporting its cargo over streets and highways will contain not less
than 80 per cent of the total tank capacity and will discharge its entire
contents at one unloading point, provided such tank is not used for the
delivery of flammable liquids to premises to which the public is invited.

Every tank, and every compartment over 90 inches in length, shall be
provided with baffles, the number of which shall be such that the linear
distance between any two adjacent baffles, or between any tank head or
bulkhead and the baffles nearest it, shall in no case exceed 60 inches.
The cross section area of each baffle shall be not less than 80 per cent
of the cross sectional area of the tank and the thickness of such baffle
shall be not less than that required for heads and bulkheads of the tank
in which installed.

Tanks with compartments carrying flammable liquids of different classes
shall be provided with an air space between compartments and this air
space shall be equipped and maintained with drainage facilities opera-
tive at all times.

SECTION TWO. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed, but
it is specifically provided that neither this ordinance or any repeal hereby provided shall in any way affect
in any way the persecution for the violation of any ordinance heretofore passed, pending at the time of the
adoption of this ordinance.

SECTION THREE. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the
next section provided, and final passage.

SECTION FOUR. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive week immediately following its
first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

/s/ E. W. Cragin

(SEAL)	Mayor

ATTEST: /s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City Commissioners
on the 7th day of July, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Clark and
Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on the said ordinance on the
23rd day of July, 1948 which was a special meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at said
special meeting held on the 23rd day of July, 1948, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board
of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin

APPROVED:

/s/ E. W. Cragin

(SEAL)	Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners for a
second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 6th day of August, 1948, and passed by the
following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin

APPROVED:

/s/ E. W. Cragin

(SEAL)	Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Shirley Ballinger___________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS
EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, A daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said news-
paper for a period of two weeks from July 29th, 1948 to August 5th, 1948 inclusive, being the issues of
said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 29th - August 5th. That said newspaper was regul-
arily circulated on each of the dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th day of August, 1948

/s/ A. E. Cahlan

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada
ORDINANCE NO. 357

NOTE: This Ordinance was read and published, but was not approved on its second reading.

--ooOOOoo--

ORDINANCE NO. 358

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND PARAGRAPH (h) OF SECTION 2 OF EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 342 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND THE TITLE OF AND TO AMEND SECTION 7 OF ORDINANCE NO. 210 OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE TO FIX, IMPOSE AND PROVIDE FOR THE COLLECTION OF A LICENSE TAX ON MOTOR
PROPELLED VEHICLES OPERATED FOR HIRE, AND TO REGULATE THE OPERATION AND RUNNING OF THE SAME, WITHIN THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS; FIXING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDINANCE; AND
REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 100 AND ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH;" AND REPEAL-
ING ORDINANCES NO. 266 and 279 AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH.

WHEREAS, in respect to traffic conditions in the City of Las Vegas it is necessary for the
immediate preservation of the public health, safety and welfare to provide further supervision of
vehicles, as defined in the above-entitled ordinance, in their operation upon the streets of said City,
now, therefore,

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Paragraph (h) of Section 2, of Amended Ordinance No. 342 is hereby amended to read
as follows:

Section 2. CERTAIN ACTS UNLAWFUL - It shall be unlawful:

(h)	To park a vehicle, as herein defined, for the purpose of seeking or awaiting employment
in any place upon the streets in the City of Las Vegas, other than at stands designated therefor, as
herein provided, and marked by appropriate signs by the City Engineer, who shall, subject to the pro-
visions of Section XXIV of Ordinance No. 170 of the City of Las Vegas, establish such stands in such
places on said streets, and in such number, as he shall determine to be of the greatest benefit and
convenience to the public, provided, however, that such stands shall be limited to a single vehicle space
only, and further, that such stands shall be limited to two (2) stands to each half (1/2) block and
shall be located, one at the comer of intersecting streets and one at the alley located between said
blocks, and, further provided, that if an additional stand is granted in the same block it will be
located midway between the remaining half of the block, so that when and in the event three (3) stands
have been granted, two (2) of the same shall be located at the intersection of street comers and
alley as herein provided, and a third (3rd) shall be located midway between the alley and the balance
of the block lying between the two streets in said block, and, further provided, that there shall be
no increase in the number of stands presently occupied, and further provided, that an application
shall first have been made to the City Engineer for the designation of any such stand and a permit
to occupy the same shall have been issued to the applicant upon the payment to the City Engineer to be
by him paid over to the City Treasurer, of the fee of forty-five cents (45¢) per day (but not to
exceed twenty-five (25) days in each month) for said space so occupied. All such permits so issued
to expire on March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31 next ensuing the date of the issuance
thereof, or sooner upon the revocation of the vehicle license as heretofore provided, or as otherwise
provided for by ordinances or regulations of the City of Las Vegas, and except for emergency vehicles
as defined in Section LXXXXVI of Ordinance No. 170 of the City of Las Vegas, it shall be unlawful to
stop, stand or park a vehicle of any description for any purpose or period of time at any such stand for
which a permit has been granted other than the vehicle of the holder of said permit, provided, however,
that any such other vehicle may temporarily stop thereat, subject to the provisions of other ordinances
or regulations of the City of Las Vegas, only for the purpose of and while actually and expeditiously
engaged in unloading passengers when such stopping does not interfere with any vehicle of the holder
of said permit, waiting to enter or about to enter upon such stand, and, further provided, that the
event parking meters are installed, that the City Engineer will install or will have installed, a
regular meter standard without a head and designated by proper sign that said space is reserved for
the party to whom said permit has been issued.

Section 2. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in
the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 3. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas.

/s/ E. W. Cragin______________

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City
Commissioners on the 13th day of July, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Com-
missioners Clark and Moore for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on
said Ordinance on the 22nd day of July, 1948, which was the next regular meeting of said Board of City
Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on the 22nd day of July, 1948, the proposed ordinance
was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following
vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioner Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk
The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners for a
second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 6th day of August, 1948, and passed by the
following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent: Commissioner Baskin

APPROVED:

/s/ E. W. Cragin

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Cleric

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

) ss

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING
REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period
of two weeks from July 28, 1948 to August 4th, 1948 inclusive be in the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: July 28 - August 4th. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated
on each of the dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie	

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th day of August, 1948

/s/ A. E. Cahlan_____________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

—ooOOOOOoo—

ORDINANCE NO. 359

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS REGULATING THE APPEARANCE OF MINORS ON THE PUBLIC STREETS, AVENUES,
ALLEYS AND OTHER PUBLIC PLACES WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; PRESCRIBING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF
ANY OF THE PROVISIONS HEREOF; REPEALING ORDINANCES NO. 9 AND 21, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDIN-
ANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any child under the age of sixteen (16) years, without
being on any lawful business or engaged in any lawful occupation, not accompanied by its partents or
guardian or other adult person having legal care, custody and control of said child, to loiter, wander
or stroll or be upon, in or about any of the public streets, avenues, alleys or other public places in
the City of Las Vegas, at any time between the hours of ten (10:00) P. M. Sunday through Thursday, both
inclusive, and five (5:00) A. M. of the succeeding day, and between the hours of twelve (12:00) midnight
on Friday and Saturday and five (5:00) A. M. of the succeeding day; provided, however, that upon the
written request of the principal or superintendent of any high school in Clark County, Nevada, to the
Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, said Chief of Police of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, shall be empowered, after first having given notice by publication
in a newspaper of general circulation, to extend the curfew on special occasions to one (1:00) A. M.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any parent, guardian or other person having legal care,
custody and control of any child under the age of sixteen (16) years to allow or permit such child or
ward to loiter, wander or stroll or be upon, in or about any of the public streets, avenues, alleys
or other public places in the City of Las Vegas, not accompanied by such parent, guardian or other
person having legal care, custody and control of such child, at any time between the hours of ten
(10:00) P.M. Sunday through Thursday, both inclusive, and five (5:00) A.M. of the succeeding day, and
between the hours of twelve (12:00) midnight on Friday and Saturday and five (5:00) A.M. on the suc-
ceeding day; provided, however, that upon the written request of the principal or superintendent of any
high school in Clark County, Nevada, to the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada, said Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, shall be empowered, after
first having given notice by publication in a newspaper of general circulation, to extend the curfew
on special occasions to one (1:00) A.M.

Section 3. It is hereby made and declared to be the duty of every peace officer of the City
of Las Vegas, and/or County of Clark, State of Nevada, to enforce or cause to be enforced each and all
of the provisions of this ordinance. Any peace officer finding or observing any child under the age
of sixteen (16) years not accompanied by its parent, guardian or other adult person having legal
custody and control of such child, loitering, wandering, strolling or being upon, in or about any
public streets, avenues, alleys or other public places in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, contrary to or in violation of the provisions of this ordinance, shall take said child to
the home or place of abode of its partents or guardian, or, in the event, after the exercise of due
diligence, the home of said minor child cannot be located, then said officer shall take said child to
the Clark County Juvenile Home. Said peace officer shall immediately thereafter make a full and com-
plete report in writing in duplicate of said violation, transmitting one copy to the office of the
Juvenile Probation Officer, Clark County, Nevada, and another copy to the Juvenile Judge of the
Eighth Judicial District Court in and for Clark County, Nevada.
Section 4. Every violation of this ordinance by a person over the age of sixteen (16) years
shall constitute a misdemeanor and, upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by a fine not less than
Ten Dollars ($10.00) nor more than fifty Dollars ($50.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a
term not exceeding twenty-five (25) days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 5. Ordinance No. 9 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "AN ORDINANCE TO PROVIDE FOR
THE RINGING OF A CURFEW BELL", Ordinance No. 21 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "AN ORDINANCE RE-
LATING TO AND REGULATING THE APPEARANCE OF MINORS ON THE PUBLIC STREETS, AVENUES AND ALLEYS AND OTHER
PUBLIC PLACES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, PROVIDING FOR THE RINGING OF A CURFEW BELL AND RE-
PEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH," and all other ordinances and
parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 6, This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in
the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 7. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its first reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas.

/s/ E. W. Cragin____________

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City Commis-
sioners on the 6th day of August, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Commis-
sioners Clark and Moore for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on the
said ordinance on the 20th day of August, 1948, which was the next regular meeting of said Board of
City Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on the 20th day of August, 1948, the proposed
ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by
the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin

APPROVED:

/s/ E. W. Cragin___________

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners
for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 8th day of September, 1948, and
passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Moore

APPROVED:

/s/ E. W. Cragin

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION	

STATE OF NEVADA)

CLARK COUNTY )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS
EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said news-
paper for a period of two weeks from August 26, 1948 to September 2, 1948 inclusive, being the issues of
said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: August 26 - September 2. That said newspaper was re-
gularily circulated on each of the dates above named.

/s/ Dich Lochrie__________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of September, 1948

/s/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951
ORDINANCE NO. 360

AN ORDINANCE ESTABLISHING A REGIONAL PLANNING COMMISSION AND AUTHORIZING THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, TO COLLABORATE WITH THE GOVERNING BODIES OF INCORPORATED CITIES
IN CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, AND THE BOARD OF COUNTY COMMISSIONERS OF CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, IN THE CREATION
OF A REGIONAL PLANNING COMMISSION.

WHEREAS, Section 4 of Section 5063.30 N.C.L., as amended, provides for the creation of a Regional
Planning Commission and authorizes any governing body of an incorporated city to collaborate with the gov-
erning body of any county of the State of Nevada, and other governing bodies of incorporated cities within
such county or counties in the creating of a Regional Planning Commission, and

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, to so collaborate in the creating of a Regional Planning Commission,

NOW, THEREFORE, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. There is hereby created a Regional Planning Commission pursuant to Section ^ of Sec-
tion 5063.30 N.C.L., to consist of twelve (12) members.

Section 2. The term of office of each member of said Regional Planning Commission shall be six
(6) years or until his successor is appointed and qualifies, except that the respective terms of the members
first so appointed shall be two for a one year term, two for a two year term, two for a three year term,
two for a four year term, two for a five year term, and two for a six year term. All appointments to fill
vacancies shall be for the unexpired term.

Section 3. The members of said Regional Planning Commission shall be appointed by an Appointive
Board, which is hereby created, to consist of the Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark
County, Nevada, the Mayor of the City of North Las Vegas, Nevada, and members selected by the Mayor and
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. All vacancies occurring in said Regional
Planning Commission shall be filled by appointment by the Appointive Board herein created.

Section 4. The said Regional Planning Commission shall have all of the powers, duties and author-
ity and shall be governed by the proceedings prescribed by that Certain Act of the Legislature of the State
of Nevada approved March 28, 1941, together with the various amendments thereto entitled as follows: "AN
ACT TO PROVIDE FOR CITY, COUNTY AND REGIONAL PLANNING IN A CERTAIN CLASS OF COUNTIES: THE CREATION, ORGAN-
IZATION AND POWERS OF PLANNING COMMISSIONS AND ZONING BOARD OF ADJUSTMENT: THE REGULATION OF THE USE OF
LAND AND OF THE SUBDIVISION OF LAND; THE IMPROVEMENTS OF STREETS; THE INSPECTION OF STRUCTURES; AND PRO-
VIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ACT."

Section 5. All necessary expenses incurred in connection with the operation of said Regional
Planning Commission shall be prorated between the County and the incorporated cities which are members of
the Commission, on the basis of the comparative assessed valuation of the respective cities or county.

Section 6. This Ordinance shall take effect immediately upon its passage and publication by
the respective governing bodies, to-wit, the Board of Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada and the
Boards of City Commissioners of the Cities of North Las Vegas, Nevada, and Las Vegas, Nevada, respectively.

Section 7. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

/s/ E. W. Cragin____________

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City
Commissioners on the 13th day of July, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Commis-
sioners Clark and Moore for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said
Ordinance on the 22nd day of July, 1948, which was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Com-
missioners; that at said regular meeting held on the 22nd day of July, 1948, the proposed ordinance was
read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners for
a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 6th day of August, 1948, and passed by
the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

/s/ Shirley Ballinger	Mayor

City Clerk
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING
REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
two weeks from July 28, 1948 to August 4th, 1948 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the fol-
lowing dates, to-wit: July 28 - August 4. That said newspaper Was regularly issued and circulated on each
of the dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie_______________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th day of August, 1948.

/s/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951

—oooOOOOOOOooo—

ORDINANCE No. 361

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING CERTAIN TERRITORY ADJOINING AND CONTIGUOUS TO THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS TO BE ANNEXED TO THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; ORDERING A PLAT SHOWING SAID TERRITORY TO BE RECORDED IN THE
OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF THE COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING
THERETO.

WHEREAS, Las Vegas Union School District Board of Education, a body politic, of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, owner, with reversion to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, of the pro-
perty herein described, has duly petitioned the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to annex
said territory to said City; NOW, THEREFORE,

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. All that certain territory in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, adjoining and
contiguous to the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, and being bounded and described as follows:

From a point on the easterly boundary of Sunrise Park Tract No. 1 as recorded in Book
2 of Plats, Page 2 Clark County Records, said point lying N. 0°27'45" E. a distance of
750.00 feet from a certain concrete monument denoting the center line intersection of
Sunrise Street and Second Street in said subdivision; thence N. 89°32'30" W. a dis-
tance of 30.00 feet to the true point of beginning; thence N. 0°27'45" E. a distance
of 500.00 feet to a point; thence N. 89°32'00" W. a distance of 527.65 feet to a
point, thence S. 2°22'15" W. a distance of 500.34 feet to a point, thence S. 89°32'30"

E. a distance of 544.31 feet to the point of beginning, containing 6.1$ acres, more or
less,

together with the tenements, property and inhabitants thereof, is hereby declared to be annexed to and be
a part of the City of Las Vegas and subject to all the taxes and laws thereof.

Section 2. The City Engineer of the City of Las Vegas is hereby ordered and directed to prepare
a plat showing the territory hereby annexed to the City of Las Vegas and to cause said plat to be recorded
in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada.

Section 3. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next
section provided, and final passage.

Section 4. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas.

/s/ E. W. Cragin___________

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City Commissioners
on the 22nd day of July, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Clark
and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on the said Ordinance on
the 6th day of August, 1948, which was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that
at said regular meeting held on the 6th day of August, 1948, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to
the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin
APPROVED:

ATTEST:

/s/ E. W. Cragin_________

/s/ Shirley Ballinger	Mayor

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners for a
second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 20th day of August, 1948, and passed by the
following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin_________

Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS
EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said news-
paper for a period of two weeks from August 10, 1948 to August 17th, 1948 inclusive, being the issues of
said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: August 10—17. That said newspaper was regularly issued
and circulated on each of the dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie_______________ 

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th day of August, 1948

/s/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

—oooOOOOOOOooo—

ORDINANCE NO. 362

NOTE: This Ordinance was not adopted.

—oooOOOOOOOooo—

ORDINANCE NO. 363

AN ORDINANCE LICENSING, FOR THE PURPOSE OF REGULATION AND REVENUE, REAL ESTATE BROKERS AND REAL ESTATE SALES-
MEN, AS THEREIN DEFINED, IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; FIXING THE FEES THEREFOR AND OTHER CHARGES IN CONNECTION
THEREWITH; PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS THEREOF; REPEALING SUBSECTION 2
OF SECTION 8 OF ORDINANCE NO. 244, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND
OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful on and after the enactment of this ordinance, for any person,
copartnership, association, or corporation, to engage in the business, act in the capacity of, advertise
or assume to act as a real estate broker or real estate salesman within the City of Las Vegas, without
first obtaining a license as a real estate broker or real estate salesman from the City Clerk of the
City of Las Vegas, as provided for in this ordinance.

Section 2.

(a)	A "Real Estate Broker" within the meaning of this ordinance, is any person, copartnership,
association, or corporation who, for another, and for a compensation, or who with the intention or expect-
ation of receiving a compensation, sells, exchanges, purchases, rents, or leases, or negotiates the sale,
exchange, purchase, rental, or leasing of, or offers or attempts or agrees to negotiate the sale, exchange,
purchase, rental or leasing of, or lists or solicits prospective purchasers of any real estate or the
improvements thereon; or who buys or offers to buy, sells, or offers to sell, or otherwise deals in options
on real estate or the improvements thereon; or who collects or offers or attempts or agrees to collect
rental for the use of real estate or the improvements thereon; or who negotiates or offers or attempts
or agrees to negotiate a loan upon real estate, or who acts through another for any of the purposes afore-
said.

The term "real estate" as used in this ordinance shall include leasehold as well as any and
every interest or estate in real estate, whether corporeal or incorporeal, freehold or nonfreehold, and
whether said real estate is situated in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, or else-
where.
(b)	A "Real Estate Salesman" within the meaning of this ordinance is any person who is employed
or engaged by a licensed real estate broker to do or to deal in any act, acts or transactions set out or
comprehended by the definition of a real estate broker in Section 2 of this ordinance, for compensation,
or otherwise.

(c)	Any person, copartnership, association, or corporation who, for another, in consideration
of compensation by fee, commission, salary, or otherwise, or with the intention or expectation of receiving
compensation, does, offers or attempts, or agrees to do, engages in or offers or attempts or agrees to
engage in, either directly or indirectly, any single act or transaction contained in the definition of a
"real estate broker" in Section 2 of this ordinance, whether said act be an incidental part of a transac-
tion, or the entire transaction, shall constitute such person, copartnership, association, or corporation

a "real estate broker" or "real estate salesmen" within the meaning of this ordinance.

(d)	The provisions of this ordinance shall not apply to, and the term "Real Estate Broker" and
"Real Estate Salesman" as above defined, shall not include any person, copartnership, association or cor-
poration who, as owner or lessor, shall perform any of the acts aforesaid with reference to property owned
or leased by them, or to the regular employees thereof with respect to the property so owned or leased,
where such acts are performed in the regular course of, or as an incident to the management of such property
and the investment therein, nor shall the provisions of this ordinance apply to persons acting as Attorney-
in-Fact under a duly executed Power of Attorney from the owner authorizing the final consummation by per-
formance of any contract for the sale, leasing, or exchange of real estate, nor shall this ordinance be
construed to include in any way the services rendered by an Attorney at Law in the performance of his
duties as such Attorney at Law; nor shall it be held to include, while acting as such, a receiver, trustee
in bankruptcy, administrator, or executor, or any person doing any of the acts specified in Section 2 of
this ordinance under jurisdiction of any court, nor to include a trustee acting under a Trust Agreement,

Deed of Trust, or Will, or the regular salaried employees thereof; nor to include the purchase or sale

of mining claims or options thereon or interest therein; nor shall the provisions of this ordinance apply
to any bank, trust company, building and loan association, or any land mortgage or farm loan association
organized under the laws of	this State	or of the	United States, when engaged	in	the	transaction of busi-
ness within the scope of its corporate	powers	as	provided by law.

(e)	The term "Real Estate Broker" and "Real Estate Salesmen" as used in this ordinance shall
include and apply to any person, copartnership, association, or corporation, performing any of the acts
or transactions set out or comprehended by the definition of a "Real Estate Broker" as described herein,
for compensation or otherwise, as a whole or partial vocation.

Section 3. Application for license as a real estate broker or real estate salesman shall be
made in writing to the City	Clerk upon	blanks	or	forms prepared or furnished	by	the	City Clerk	for such

purpose. Every application	for a real	estate	broker or real estate salesman	license shall set	forth the

following information, to-wit:

1.	The name and residence address of the applicant.

2.	The location, including the street address of the place or places for which said license
is desired, and telephone numbers for each respective place of business.

3. Applicants for a real estate broker license shall set forth the name under which the real
estate business is being or is to be conducted.

it. The number and date of issuance of the most recent license certificate and pocket identi-
fication card issued to, and held by the applicant, by the Nevada State Real Estate Board.

3.	Applications for license as real estate salesmen shall set forth the name of the real
estate broker and address of the real estate broker by whom said applicant is employed and under whom
said applicant is licensed by the Nevada State Real Estate Board.

6. Every application for a license as a real estate broker or real estate salesman under the
provisions of the ordinance shall be accompanied by the license fee prescribed by this ordinance.

Section The City Clerk shall issue each license in such form and size as shall be prescribed
by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Each license shall show the name and address
of the licensee, and in the case of a real estate salesman license, it shall show the name of the real
estate broker by whom he is employed. Each license shall have imprinted thereon the seal of the City of
Las Vegas, and in addition to the foregoing shall contain such matter as shall be prescribed by the Board
of Commissioners. It shall be the duty and obligation of each real estate broker and/or real estate
salesman licensee to conspicuously display his City License in the place or places where he is engaged
in the real estate business and for which he holds a license from the Nevada State Real Estate Board.

Notice in writing shall be given to the City Clerk by any real estate brokers or real estate
salesman of a change of business location designating the new location of said office, whereupon the
City Clerk shall issue a new license for a new location for the unexpired period upon the payment of a
re-issue fee as provided for in Section 6 herein. If the real estate broker or real estate salesman
is engaged in the real estate business at more than one place within the City of Las Vegas, a duplicate
license shall be issued upon the payment of a "duplicate fee" as provided for in Section 6 herein to
such broker and/or salesman for each branch office, in which said duplicate license shall be conspic-
uously displayed.

Notice in writing shall also be given to the City Clerk within ten (10) days by any real estate
salesman of a change of employer, together with the name of the new employer in whose service such sales-
man is about to enter. The City Clerk shall issue a new license to said salesman for the unexpired per-
iod of the original license, upon, receipt of such notice in proper form, accompanied by the payment of
a transfer fee as provided for in Section 6 herein.

Section 5.

(a)	Licenses provided for by this ordinance shall be issued only to persons, copartnerships,
associations, or corporations holding a license issued by the Nevada State Real Estate Board, under an
Act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada entitled: "AN ACT TO DEFINE, REGULATE AND LICENSE REAL
ESTATE BROKERS AND REAL ESTATE SALESMEN; TO CREATE A STATE REAL ESTATE BOARD, AND TO PROVIDE A PENALTY
FOR VIOLATION OF THE PROVISIONS THEREOF, AND TO REPEAL ALL ACTS AND PARTS OF ACTS IN CONFLICT THEREWITH,"
approved March 27, 1947.

(b)	Each real estate broker licensed hereunder shall erect and maintain a sign in a conspicuous
place upon the premises whereon or wherein his business is being conducted to indicate he is a licensed
real estate broker. The name of said broker or the name under which he conducts his business, if the same
be a fictitious name, set forth in his license, or the name of any copartnership, association or corpora-
tion licensed hereunder, shall be clearly shown on such sign. The size and place of said sign shall con-
form to whatever regulations governing the same may be adopted by the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, but in no case shall the minimum requirements therefor be less than those called for
by the Act, aforesaid, of the Legislature of the State of Nevada and the Rules and Regulations of the
Nevada State Real Estate Board. Similar signs shall also be erected and maintained in a conspicuous
place at any and all branch offices wherein or whereon such real estate broker shall conduct his business.

Section 6.

(a) The following license fees shall be charged by and paid to the City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas by all persons, copartnerships, associations, or corporations who are required to be licensed
under the provisions of this ordinance.

1.	For each Real Estate Broker, a license fee of Forty Dollars ($40.00) per annum, payable
Ten Dollars ($10.00) quarterly on the first day of January, April, July and October of each year, except
as hereinafter provided.

2. For each Real Estate Salesman, a license fee of Fifteen Dollars ($15.00) per annum, payable
Three and 75/100th Dollars ($3.75) quarterly on the first day of January, April, July and October of each
year.

3.	For each branch office broker license, One Dollar ($1.00) per year.

4. For each change of name or address, a fee of Fifty Cents (50¢).

5. For each transfer of real estate salesman's license or change of employer, a fee of Fifty
Cents (50¢).

(b) Where there shall be not to exceed two persons, members of a real estate firm or copartner-
ship, or officers of a corporation engaged or employed in the prosecution of the real estate business, the
annual license fee for each and every main office shall be Forty Dollars ($40.00), payable in quarterly
installments as provided for in this section. The annual license fee for each branch office shall be the
same as provided and fixed in this section.

Where there shall be more than two persons, members of a firm or copartnership, or officers of
a corporation engaged or employed in the prosecution of the business, the annual license fee shall be the
sum of Forty Dollars ($40.00) and in addition thereto the sum of Ten ($10.00) for each and every person,
member of a firm or copartnership, officer of a corporation, in excess of such two persons engaged or
employed in the prosecution of such business, provided, however, that the license fee for each branch
office shall be as fixed in paragraph 3 of this section. Where any person, who is required under the
provisions of this ordinance to be licensed hereunder, is the holder of a Real Estate Broker License
issued by the Nevada State Real Estate Board, and is not operating as an independent broker, but is
associated with and/or employed by another duly licensed real estate broker in the capacity of a real
estate salesman, such person shall be exempt from the provisions of Paragraph 1 of this section, pro-
vided as follows:

(1)	That there is filed with the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a statement in writing
signed by a real estate broker duly licensed by the Nevada State Real Estate Board and the City of Las
Vegas, setting forth that the applicant broker is in fact employed as a real estate salesman by the
broker signing such statement.

(2) That there be filed with the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a statement executed by
an officer of the Nevada State Real Estate Board addressed to the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
setting forth that said Board has on file a verified statement that the applicant for such real estate
salesman license is employed by another real estate broker in the capacity of a real estate salesman
and that said applicant is not engaged in the real estate business as an independent broker on his

own behalf, or as a partner or associate of such employing broker.

Section 7.

(a)	Renewal of real estate broker and real estate salesman licenses shall be automatically
effected by the City Clerk upon payment of the required fees therefor. Failure of a real estate broker
or real estate salesman to pay the fee required hereunder to keep such license in good standing, within
ten (10) days from payment date specified above, shall result in automatic cancellation of the license
of a real estate broker or salesman and such licensee shall be prohibited from engaging in the real
estate business in the City of Las Vegas until such license has been properly reinstated upon the
payment of a "re-instating fee" of One Dollar ($1.00) plus any other fees, in arrears and due as pro-
vided for in this ordinance.

(b)	Payment within the specified time limit of the fees required in this ordinance of a
real estate broker or salesman shall entitle such licensee to continue operating under the provisions of
this ordinance until notified in writing that renewal has been denied, provided, however, that the City
Clerk shall not renew the license of any real estate broker or real estate salesman unless such real
estate broker or real estate salesman is the holder of an unrevoked, unsuspended, and uncancelled lic-
ense issued by the Nevada State Real Estate Board.

(c)	In case a broker fails to obtain renewal of his license by paying the required fee within
the specified time limit, the licenses of all salesmen in his employ shall be automatically cancelled and
shall not be reinstated until the license of the broker has been properly reinstated, except that in such
cases the salesmen shall have the privilege, upon filing proper application therefor, to transfer to
another broker-employer without penalty.

(d)	The change or abandonment of a business location of a real estate broker or real estate
salesman without giving proper notification to the City Clerk and either obtaining a new license for the
changed address or voluntarily cancelling his license in accordance with the Rules and Regulations of the
Nevada State Real Estate Board shall automatically cancel the license theretofore issued.

Section 8. Real estate brokers who share space with another real estate broker, and engage in
the real estate business in the capacity of an independent broker, and not as a real estate salesman em-
ployed by another broker shall be subject to all of the terms, conditions, provisions, requirements and
fees applicable to a "real estate broker" under the provisions of this ordinance.

Section 9. Every person, copartnership, association or corporation licensed as a real estate
broker under the provisions of this ordinance shall be required to have and maintain a definite place of
business within the City of Las Vegas, which shall be a room or rooms used for the transaction of real
estate business, and which will serve as his, their or its office for the transaction of business under the
authority of said license, and where said license shall be prominently displayed. When a real estate office
is conducted in a private home, a room or rooms shall be set apart to be used for the transaction of such
real estate business. The location of all places of business conducted by a real estate broker, including
main and branch offices, shall be in accordance with the Zoning Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas and/or
all other City Ordinances and Regulations pertaining to the conduct and maintenance of such a business for
commercial enterprise.

Section 10. Any person, copartnership, association or corporation violating the provisions of
this Ordinance shall, upon conviction thereof, if a person, be punished by a fine of not more than Five
Hundred Dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail not to exceed six (6) months, or by both
such fine and imprisonment, and, if a copartnership, association, or corporation, be punished by a fine
not to exceed Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00). Any officer or agent of a corporation, or member or agent
of a copartnership, or association, who shall personally participate in, or be accessory to any violation
of the provisions of this ordinance by such copartnership, association, or corporation, shall be subject
to the penalty herein prescribed for individuals.

Section 11. Subsection 2 of Section 8 of Ordinance No. entitled: "AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY
OF IAS VEGAS LICENSING, FOR PURPOSES OF REGULATION AND REVENUE EVERY KIND OF LAWFUL BUSINESS HEREINAFTER
SPECIFIED, TRANSACTED OR CARRIED ON WITHIN THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS, STATE OF NEVADA;
FIXING THE RATES OF LICENSE TAX UPON THE SAME AND PROVIDING FOR THE COLLECTION OF SAID LICENSE TAX, AND A
PUNISHMENT FOR CARRYING ON OR CONDUCTING ANY SUCH BUSINESS WITHOUT A LICENSE, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES
NUMBERS 1, 2, 4, 13, 14, 35, 48, 62, 74, 75, 81, 95, 102, 105, 108, 112, 117, 145, 184, 192 and 243,"
and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions of this ordinance are hereby
repealed.

Section 12. The provisions of this ordinance shall be severable, and if any of said provisions,
or the application thereof to any person, body or circumstances, shall be held to be invalid or unconsti-
tutional, the remainder of this ordinance, or the application of such provision to persons, bodies or cir-
cumstances other than those as to which it shall have been held invalid or unconstitutional, shall not be
affected thereby. It is hereby declared as the intent of the Board of Commissioners that this ordinance
would have been adopted had such invalid or unconstitutional provision, or the application thereof to
persons, bodies or circumstances as to which it shall have been held invalid and unconstitutional pro-
vision, or the application thereof to persons, bodies or circumstances as to which it shall have been
held invalid and unconstitutional, not been included therein.

Section 13. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the
next section provided, and final passage.

Section 14. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin______________

Mayor

/ s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City
Commissioners on the 20th day of August, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Com-
missioners Moore and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on
said Ordinance on the 22nd day of September, 1948 which was the regular meeting of said Board of City
Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on the 22nd day of September, 1948, the proposed ordin-
ance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following
vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Moore and Whipple
Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Clark

APPROVED:

ATTEST:

/s/ Reed Whipple________________

/s/ Shirley Ballinger	Acting Mayor Pro Tem

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners for a
second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 7th day of October, 1948, and passed by the
following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin
Voting "Nay": None

APPROVED:

Absent:	None

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

/s/ Shirley Ballinger	Mayor

      City Clerk
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING
REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period
of two weeks from September 24, 1948 to October 1, 1948 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit: Sept. 24, October 1. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated
on each of the dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie______________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st day of October, 1948.

/s/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires Jan 12, 1951

—oooOOOOOOOooo—

ORDINANCE NO. 364

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE IMPOSITION AND COLLECTION OF RATES, FEES AND CHARGES FOR THE USE OF THE SER-
VICES AND FACILITIES OF THE SEWAGE DISPOSAL SYSTEM OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; AUTHORIZING AND EMPOWERING THE
CITY TO REQUIRE CONNECTION WITH SANITARY SEWERS SERVED OR WHICH MAY BE SERVED BY SAID DISPOSAL SYSTEM; PRO-
VIDING A PENALTY FOR THE FAILURE AND REFUSAL TO MAKE SUCH CONNECTION; AND PLEDGING THE NET REVENUES DERIVED
FROM THE IMPOSITION OF SUCH RATES, FEES AND CHARGES AS ADDITIONAL SECURITY FOR THE PAYMENT OF THE LAS VEGAS
SEWAGE DISPOSAL PLANT BONDS, SERIES OF MAY 1, 1948.

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas now owns and operates a municipal sewage disposal system consisting
of intercepting sewers, force mains, sewage pumping works and related facilities; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has determined and does hereby determine
that said municipal sewage disposal system should be improved and extended by the construction of a sewage dis-
posal plant for the treatment of sewage discharged into said system; and

WHEREAS, at an election duly called and held on the 6th day of May, 1947, the qualified electors
of the City of Las Vegas authorized the issuance of bonds in the sum of $350,000.00 to secure the necessary
funds to finance the construction of said sewage disposal plant; and

WHEREAS, Emergency Ordinance No. 353 duly adopted by the Board of Commissioners on the 23rd day of
April, 1948, as amended and supplemented provided for the issuance and public sale of said bonds; and

WHEREAS, said bonds were thereafter offered at public sale with the maximum interest rate of three
per centum per annum but no bids were received for their purchase; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners is informed that said bonds cannot be sold at par and accrued
interest bearing an interest rate of not exceeding three per cent. (which was the maximum interest rate
approved by the electors) unless said bonds are additionally secured by a pledge of the net revenues to be
derived from the operation of the municipal sewage disposal system; and

WHEREAS, Section 20, Chapter II of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas provides that the Board
of Commissioners shall be vested with the power and charged with the duty of making all laws or ordinances
not inconsistent with the Constitution of the State of Nevada, touching every object, matter and subject
within the local government instituted by the Charter and Section 31 (5) of Chapter II of said Charter
empowers the Board of Commissioners to issue bonds in such amount and forms and on such conditions as the
Board of Commissioners shall determine; and

WHEREAS, Section 31 (81) of Chapter II of the Las Vegas Charter further authorizes the Board of
Commissioners to adopt and enforce by ordinance all such regulations as the Board of City Commissioners
may from time to time deem expedient and necessary for the promotion and protection of health, comfort,
safety, life and welfare of the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners deem it expedient to adopt by this ordinance a schedule of
rates, fees and charges for the use of the services and facilities of the municipal sewage disposal system
of the City of Las Vegas and to pledge the revenues derived therefrom as additional security for the pay-
ment of the Las Vegas Sewage Disposal Plant Bonds, Series of May 1, 1948, thereby making possible the sale
of said bonds and the improvement of the municipal sewage disposal system by the construction of a sewage
disposal plant; and

WHEREAS, said Las Vegas Sewage Disposal Plant Bonds, Series of May 1, 1948 have not and will not
be issued and delivered prior to the effective date of this ordinance.

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA DOES ORDAIN:

Section 1. That all action heretofore taken by the Board of Commissioners and the officers of the
City of Las Vegas directed toward the improvement and extension of the municipal sewage disposal system by
the construction of a sewage disposal plant be and the same is hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

Section 2. That the City of Las Vegas hereby covenants with the holders of any and all of the
Sewage Disposal Plant Bonds, Series of May 1, 1948, authorized to be issued by Emergency Ordinance No. 353,
adopted the 23rd day of April, 1948, as amended and supplemented, that so long as any of said bonds are
outstanding, the City will establish such rates for services rendered by or through the municipal sewage
disposal system as will create income sufficient to pay all reasonable expenses of operation and to create
a net revenue which shall be sufficient to pay the principal of and the interest on said Sewage Disposal
Plant Bonds, Series of May 1, 1948 and to maintain such rates continuously until the bonds authorized by
said ordinance as amended and supplemented have been fully paid and discharged.
Section 3. The following schedule of rates for service rendered by or through said system is hereby
established:

SEWER RATES (Monthly)

SCHEDULE A; One-family residence on dollar ($1.00) per month.

SCHEDULE B: Two-family residence one dollar and forty cents ($1.40) per month.

SCHEDULE C: (Motels) up to and including four (4) units eighty cents ($.80) each unit, all units
over four (4) and up to and including seven (7) units, twenty-five ($.25) each additional unit, all units
over seven (7), fifteen cents ($.15) each additional unit.

SCHEDULE D: Multiple Dwellings, up to and including four (4) units, seventy cents ($.70) each
unit per month. All units over four (4) and up to and including seven (7) units twenty cents ($.20) each
additional unit; all units over seven ten cents ($.10) each additional unit.

SCHEDULE E: For commercial and industrial businesses, the monthly charge to be paid by these
users of the sewer service furnished by the Municipal Sewer System shall be as follows:

(a) For the first two fixtures a monthly charge of One Dollar ($1.00) per month.

(b) For all fixtures over two, up to and including twelve (12 additional fixtures a charge of
 ten cents each ($.10) for each additional fixture per month.

(c)	For all fixtures over twelve (12), there shall be an additional charge of three cents ($.03)
for each additional fixture per month.

(d)	In addition to the above commercial rates there shall be charged for each commercial wash
rack, the sum of seventy-five cents ($.75) per month.

(e)	In addition to the above commercial rates there shall be charged for each commercial dish
washing machine an additional charge of one dollar ($1.00) per month.

In addition to the above commercial rates there shall be charged for each floor drain an addi-
tional charge of seventy-five cents ($.75) per month.

The City Engineer and the City Manager are hereby authorized and directed to establish the charge
for any use of the municipal sewage disposal system not covered by the above schedule. The above schedule
of rates shall be effective upon the publication and final passage of this Ordinance, said publication to
be made immediately following the first reading and approval of this Ordinance. The City covenants and
agrees that while any of said bonds are outstanding, it will from time to time revise and adjust said
schedule of rates to the end that the revenue and income derived from the operation of the system will be
sufficient to pay all operating and maintenance charges and both the principal of and the interest on the
bonds authorized by Ordinance No. 353, duly adopted the 23rd day of April, 1948, as amended and supple-
mented. The City further covenants that no free service shall be furnished by the system provided, how-
 ever, that no charge will be made to the United States of America, the State of Nevada, the County of Clark
or any charitable institution for the direct use by it of said system.

Section 4. All bills for services rendered by Or through said system shall be rendered quarterly
on the first days of January, April, July and October of each year. In the event said bills are not paid
in full within twenty days after the date when rendered, service shall be discontinued and thereafter no
sewer connection which has been disconnected for the non-payment of charges shall again be reconnected for
the same user until all costs incurred in the actual physical disconnection and reconnection have been paid
to the City of Las Vegas. Payment of all bills rendered shall be made into the City Treasury and such bills
may be paid annually in advance and provided further that no license shall be granted for the conducting of
any business requiring a city license in any multiple dwelling or place of business unless the quarterly
charge for sewer service is paid in advance.

Section 5. The sewage disposal system shall be operated for the purposes of this ordinance upon a
fiscal year basis commencing on the first day of October in each year and ending on the thirtieth day of
September of the succeeding year.

There is hereby created a special fund to be known as the "Sewage Disposal System Fund" into which
there shall be paid from time to time after the adoption of this ordinance all revenues derived from the
operation of the sewer system. So long as any of the bonds authorized by Ordinance No. 353, duly adopted
the 23rd day of April, 1948, as amended and supplemented shall be outstanding, either as to principal or
 interest, the Sewage Disposal System Fund shall be administered as follows:

(1)	Before any monies in such fund are used for any other purpose, all reasonable expenses
of maintaining and operating the system for such month shall be paid from such fund.

(2)	Into an account in the office of the Treasurer to be kept separate from all other
accounts and to be known as the "Sewage Disposal Bond Fund Series May 1, 1948" (herein
referred to as the "Bond Fund") the amounts following:

(a)	Quarterly during the fiscal year commencing October 1st, 1948 one-half
of the amount necessary to meet the next maturing installment of interest on
the bonds authorized by said ordinance.

(b)	Quarterly during the fiscal year commencing October 1st, 1948 and quar-
terly during each fiscal year thereafter so long as any of the bonds hereby
authorized are outstanding one-fourth of the next maturing installment of
principal falling due on said bonds.

(3)	Any surplus remaining in said Sewage Disposal System Fund in excess of the amount
necessary to meet the provisions of Subsections (1) and (2) of this Section 5 shall be
applied as follows:

(a)	In making such extensions and improvements of the municipal sewage
disposal system or additions thereto as the Board of Commissioners from
year to year considers advisable.
(b)	Prior to May 1, 1953 to the purchase in the open market of bonds authorized
by said ordinance at the best price obtainable, which bonds shall thereupon be
cancelled, and secondly in the event the City is unable to purchase bonds in
the open market at a fair price to the purchase of securities which are direct
obligations of the United States of America, such securities and the interest
accruing thereon to be and constitute a part of the Bond Fund.

(c)	On and after May 1, 1953 to the purchase in the open market of bonds au-
thorized by said ordinance at the best price obtainable at less than the call

price, which bonds shall thereupon be cancelled or in the event the City is
unable to purchase bonds in the open market at less than the call price then
to the redemption of bonds authorized by said ordinance as amended and sup-
plemented, in the manner and to the extent therein provided.

Section 6. That this ordinance shall constitute a contract for the benefit of the holder or
holders from time to time of the bonds authorized to be issued under Ordinance No. 353 duly adopted the
23rd day of April, 1948, as amended and supplemented.

Section 7. That the Board of Commissioners has caused a survey to be made of sanitary conditions
within the City of Las Vegas, including the geological aspects in relation to industrial, business and
residential establishments as the same affect the health and welfare of the inhabitants of the City and
has determined and does hereby determine that it is necessary for the protection of the public health that
owners of improved property within the City of Las Vegas be and they are hereby required to connect their
industrial, business and residential establishments to the municipal sewage disposal system, provided
only that such establishments are capable of being served by and through said system at the established
rates, and it shall be unlawful for any such owner to fail or refuse to connect his establishment to the
municipal sewage disposal system. Every violation of the requirement of this section shall constitute a
misdemeanor and, upon conviction thereof, shall be punishable by a fine not to exceed Five Hundred Dollars
($500.00) or by imprisonment in the City Jail not to exceed six (6) months, or by both such find and im-
prisonment, and each day such violation continues to exist shall constitute a separate offense.

Section 8. That so long as any of the bonds authorized by Ordinance No. 353, duly adopted the
23rd day of April, 1948, as amended and supplemented, are outstanding, the City will not mortgage, pledge
or otherwise encumber the system or any part thereof, shall not lease, sell or otherwise dispose of any
substantial portion of the system and shall not issue any obligations for the payment of which the net
revenues of the system are pledged.

Section 9. That is any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall
for any reason be questioned or held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the
remaining provisions of this ordinance, or the provisions of Ordinance No. 353, duly adopted the 23rd day
of April, 1948, as amended and supplemented, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sec-
tions, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional or invalid, and the inapplic-
ability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance in any one or more in-
stances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance or of
said Ordinance No. 353 in any other instances.

Section 10. That all ordinances or parts of ordinances inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed
to the extent only of such inconsistency. This repealer shall not be construed to revive any ordinance
or part of any ordinance heretofore repealed.

Section 11. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the
next section provided, and final passage.

Section 12. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin_____________

Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Cleric

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City
Commissioners on the 20th day of August, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Com-
missioners Clark and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on
said Ordinance on the 27th day of August, 1948, which was the next special meeting of said Board of
City Commissioners; that at said special meeting held on the 27th day of August, 1948, the proposed
ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and approved by the
following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners
for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 8th day of September, 1948 and passed
by the following vote:
Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Moore

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin	______

 Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
 City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK) ss.

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING
REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of Two
weeks from August 31st, 1948 to September 7th, 1948 inclusive, being the issued of said newspaper for the fol-
lowing dates, to-wit: August 31, September 7th That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated
on each of the dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th day of September, 1948

/s/ A. E. Cahlan_____________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires Jan 12, 1951

-—oooOOOOOOOooo——

ORDINANCE No. 365

NOTE: This ordinance was never adopted.

—oooOOOOOOOooo—

ORDINANCE NO. 366

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS AMENDING ORDINANCE NO. 308, PROVIDING FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A BUREAU
OF FIRE PREVENTION, PROVIDING OFFICERS THEREFOR AND DEFINING THEIR POWERS AND DUTIES, AND PRESCRIBING REGULA-
TIONS FOR FIRE PREVENTION AND LIFE SAFETY IN CONNECTION WITH HAZARDOUS MATERIALS AND PROCESSES; PROVIDING
PENALTIES FOR ITS VIOLATION AND REPEAL OF ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION ONE. Section one of Ordinance No. 308 is amended to read as follows:

That a certain document, three (3) copies of which are on file in the Office of the City Clerk, of
the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated as Suggested Fire Prevention Ordinance, edition 1947, re-
commended and published by the National Board of Fire Underwriters, be, and the same is hereby referred to
and adopted as the Fire Prevention Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, and by said reference and adoption
made a part of this Ordinance, the same as if it was fully set forth herein, Provided,

Certain sections of said Suggested Fire Prevention Ordinance, as adopted by this ordinance are
hereby amended as follows, to-wit:

(a)	Part 8 is deleted in its entirety and there is substituted and adopted a certain
document, three (3) copies of which are on file in the office of the City Clerk, of the

City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated as Pamphlet 58 - Standards of the National Board
of Fire Underwriters for the Design, Installation and Construction of Containers and Pert-
inent Equipment for the storage and handling of Liquefied Petroleum Gases, as recommended
by the National Fire Protection Association, Edition of January, 1947, which is hereby
referred to and adopted as Part 8 of the Fire Prevention Ordinance and by said reference
and adoption, made a part of this Ordinance the same as if it was fully set forth herein.

(b)	Section 913 is amended by deleting the first sentence and substituting the following:

Storage Limited in Frame and Other Buildings not so used on October 7, 1948. The storage
of flammable liquids inside buildings, except in buildings so used on October 7, 1948,
and except inside buildings used only for the storage, handling mixing and blending of
flammable liquids and for not other or unrelated occupancy, shall be as given under the
following subsections; provided that, in a special storage room or fire resistive build-
ing conforming to requirements given in Section 915, the storage of Class I liquids shall be
in accordance with Section 916 and the quantity of Class II and III liquids shall be un-
limited as to total quantity.

(c)	Section 953 is amended by deleting the section in its entirety and substituting the
following:
(a)	No aboveground tank shall be filled with or used for the storage of flammable
liquids, if the distance between the shell thereof and the nearest adjoining pro-
perty line that may built upon is less than one half the diameter of the tank and
in no event, if the distance is less than ten (10) feet; provided, however, that
tanks erected and in use for the storage of flammable liquids at the date of
passage of this ordinance shall be deemed to comply with this section.

(b)	The minimum distance between shells of any two all-steel, gas-tight tanks
shall be not less than one—half the diameter of the smaller tank, except that
for tanks of 50,000 gallons or less, such distance shall be not less than three

(3)	feet regardless of diameter.

(d)	Section 954 is amended by adding to the first sentence thereof the first sentence thereof
the words "or vacuum and pressure relief valves."

(e)	Section 960 (e) is amended by deleting sub-section in its entirety and substituting
the following:

Installation of Tanks for Class III liquids Inside Buildings.

(a)	Oil supply tanks larger than 60 gallons capacity shall not be located in
buildings above the lowest story, cellar or basement.

(b)	Unenclosed inside storage tanks and auxiliary tanks shall not be located
within seven (7) feet, horizontally, of any fire or flame.

(c)	Oil supply tanks located inside buildings shall not exceed 275 gallons in-
dividual capacity or 550 gallons aggregate capacity in an individual building,
or in sections of a building separated by fire walls, unless installed in an
enclosure or casing constructed as follows:

The walls of the enclosure shall be constructed of reinforced concrete at
least six (6) inches thick or of brick at least eight (8) inches thick. Such
enclosures shall be installed only on concrete or other fire resistive floors
and shall be bonded to the floors, Enclosures shall have tops of reinforced
concrete at least five (5) inches thick or equivalent fire-resistive construc-
tion, except that where floor or roof construction above the enclosure is
concrete or other fire resistive construction the walls may be extended to and
bonded to the underside of the construction above in lieu of the provision
of a separate top. Any openings to such enclosures shall be provided with fire
doors or other approved closures. Provision shall be made for adequate venti-
lation of such enclosures prior to entering for inspection or repairs on tanks.

Instead of an enclosure as above described the tank may be encased in rein-
forced concrete not less than six (6) inches in thickness, applied directly
to the tank so as to completely eliminate any air space.

(d)	In buildings of ordinary construction the nominal gross capacity of
tanks shall not exceed 5,000 gallons.

(e)	In fire-resistive buildings the nominal gross capacity of the tanks shall
not exceed 15,000 gallons.

(f)	In any building, if in a fire-resistive or detached room cut off verti-
cally and horizontally in an approved manner, from other floors of the main
building, the nominal gross capacity of tanks shall not exceed 50,000 gallons,
with an individual tank capacity not exceeding 25,000 gallons.

(f)	Section 972 is amended by deleting the first sentence of the second paragraph
and substituting the following:

Vent openings for aboveground tanks containing Class I or Class II liquids
shall be provided with approved flame arresters or vacuum and pressure
relief valves.

(g)	Section 986 is amended by deleting paragraph 8 and substituting the following:

Every tank having a total capacity in excess of 1,500 gallons and used for the
distribution of Class I flammable liquids to any premises to which the public
is invited shall be divided into compartments, no one of which shall exceed
1,200 gallons. A tolerance of ten (10%) per cent shall be allowed for capa-
cities of individual compartments or tanks

Bulkheads or compartments shall not be required in any tank used for trans-
portation service, regardless of total capacity, which, when loaded and transporting
its cargo over streets and highways will contain not less than 80 per cent of
the total tank capacity and will discharge its entire contents at one unloading
point, provided such tank is not used for the delivery of flammable liquids
to premises to which the public is invited.

Every tank, and every compartment over 90 inches in length, shall be provided
with baffles, the number of which shall be such that the linear distance
between any two adjacent baffles, or between any tank head or bulkhead and
the baffles nearest it, shall in no case exceed 60 inches.
The cross sectional area of each baffle shall be not less than 80 per cent
of the cross sectional area of the tank and the thickness of such baffle shall
be not less than that required for heads and bulkheads of the tank in which
installed.

Tanks with compartments carrying flammable liquids of different classes shall
be provided with an air space between compartments and this air space shall
be equipped and maintained with drainage facilities operative at all times.

SECTION TWO. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed,
but it is specifically provided that neither this ordinance or any repeal hereby provided shall in any way
affect in any way the prosecution for the violation of any ordinance heretofore passed, pending at the time
of the adoption of this ordinance.

SECTION THREE. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the
next section provided, and final passage.

SECTION FOUR. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
first reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas.

/s/ E. W. Cragin_________________

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City Commissioners
on the 16th day of September, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Moore
and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on the said ordinance on
the 22nd day of September, 1948, which was a regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at
said regular meeting held on the 22nd day of September, 1948, the proposed ordinance was read in full to
the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Moore and Whipple

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Clark

APPROVED:

ATTEST:

/s/ Reed Whipple_________________________

/s/ Shirley Ballinger_________ Acting Mayor Pro Tem

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners for a
second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 7th day of October, 1948, and passed by the
following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None
Absent:	None

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING
REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period
of two weeks from Sept. 24, 1948 to Oct. 1, 1948 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the fol-
lowing dates, to-wit: Sept. 24. - Oct. 1 That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each
of the dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie_______

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st day of October, 1948

/s/ A. E. Cahlan__________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires Jan 12, 1951
ORDINANCE NO. 367

AN ORDINANCE LICENSING, FOR THE PURPOSE OF REGULATION AND REVENUE, PEDDLERS, AS HEREIN DEFINED, IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS; FIXING THE FEES THEREFOR AND OTHER CHARGES IN CONNECTION THEREWITH; PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR
THE VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS THEREOF, REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 160 AND ORDINANCE NO. 213, AND ALL
ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. PERMIT AND LICENSE REQUIRED. It shall be unlawful for any person to engage in the
business of peddler as defined in Section 2 of this ordinance within the corporate limits of the City of
Las Vegas without first obtaining a permit and license therefor as provided herein.

Section 2. DEFINITIONS

(a)	The word "person" as used herein shall include the singular and the plural and shall also
mean and include any person, firm, or corporation, association, club copartnership or society, or any
other organization.

(b)	The word "peddler" as used herein shall include any person, whether a resident of the City
of Las Vegas or not, travelling by foot, wagon, automotive vehicle, or any other type of conveyance, from
place to place, from house to house, or from street to street, carrying, conveying or transporting goods,
wares, merchandise, meats, fish, vegetables, fruits, garden truck, farm products or provisions, offering
and exposing the same for sale, or making sales and delivering articles to purchasers, provided that one
who solicits orders and as a separate transaction makes deliveries to purchasers as a part of a scheme or
design to evade the provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed a peddler subject to the provisions of
this ordinance. The word "peddler" shall include the words "hawker" and huckster."

Section 3. APPLICATION. Applicants for permit and license under this ordinance must file with
the City Clerk a sworn application in writing (in duplicate) on a form to be furnished by the City Clerk,
which shall give the following information:

(a)	Name and description of the applicant:

(b)	Address (legal and local);

(c) A brief description of the nature of the business and the goods to be sold and in the case
of products of farm or orchard, whether produced or grown by the applicant;

(d)	If employed, the name and address of the employer, together with credentials establishing
the exact relationship;

(e)	The quarterly period for which the right to do business is desired;

(f)	If a vehicle is to be used, a description of the same, together with license number or other
manes of identification.

(g)	A photograph of the applicant, taken within sixty (60) days immediately prior to the date
of the filing of the application, which picture shall be 2" by 2" showing the head and shoulders of the
applicant in a clear and distinguishing manner;

(h)	The fingerprints of the applicant and the names of at least two reliable property owners

of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, who will certify as to the applicant's good character and business
responsibility, or, in lieu of the names of references, any other available evidence as to the good character
and business responsibility of the applicant as will enable an investigator to properly evaluate such
character and business responsibility;

(i) A statement as to whether or not the applicant has been convicted of any crime, misdemeanor,
or violation of any municipal ordinance, the nature of the offense and the punishment or penalty assessed
therefor;

(j)	Applicant shall file with his application a statement by a reputable physician of the City
of Las Vegas dated not more than ten (10) days prior to submission of the application, certifying the ap-
plicant to be free of infectious, contagious, or communicable disease.

(k)	At the time of filing the application, a fee of Twenty-five ($25.00) Dollars shall be paid
to the City Clerk to cover the cost of investigation.

Section 4. INVESTIGATION AND ISSUANCE.

(a)	Upon receipt of such application, the original shall be referred to the Chief of Police,
who shall cause such investigation of the applicant's business and moral character to be made as he deems
necessary for the protection of the public good.

(b)	If as a result of such investigation the applicant's character or business responsibility
is found to be unsatisfactory, the Chief of Police shall endorse on such application his disapproval and
his reasons for the same, and return the said application to the City Clerk, who shall notify the applicant
that his application is disapproved and that no permit and license will be issued.

(c)	If as a result of such investigation, the character and business responsibility of the ap-
plicant are found to be satisfactory, the Chief of Police shall endorse on the application his approval,
execute a permit addressed to the applicant for the carrying on of the business applied for and return
said permit, along with the application to the City Clerk, who shall, upon payment of the prescribed
license fee, deliver to the applicant his permit and issue a license. Such license shall contain the
signature and seal of the issuing officer and shall show the name, address and photograph of said licensee,
the class of license issued and the kind of good to be sold thereunder, the amount of fee paid, the date
of issuance and the quarterly period for which the same shall be operative, as well as the license number
and other identifying description of any vehicle used in such peddling. The City Clerk shall keep a
permanent record of all licenses issued.
Section 5. BOND. Before any license, as provided by this ordinance, shall be issued for engaging
in the business of peddling, as defined in Section 2 of this ordinance, in the City of Las Vegas, such ap-
plicant shall file with the City Clerk, a bond running to the City of Las Vegas in the sum of One Thousand
Dollars ($1,000.00) executed by the applicant, as principal, and two sureties upon which service of process
may be made	in the State of Nevada; said bond	to be approved	by the City	Attorney, conditioned that the

said applicant shall comply fully	with all of	the provisions	of this and	all other ordinances of the City

of Las Vegas and the statutes of the State of Nevada, regulating and concerning the sale of goods, wares
and merchandise, and the payment of license fees, and will pay all judgments rendered against said applicant
for any violation of said ordinances or statutes, or any of them together with all judgments and costs that
may be recovered against him by any person or persons for damage growing out of any misrepresentation or
deception practiced or any person misrepresentations or deceptions were made or practiced by the owners
or by their servants, agents, or employees, either at the time of making the sale or through any advertise-
ment of any	character whatsoever,	printed or circulated with	reference to the goods, wares and merchandise

sold or any	part thereof. Action	on the bond	may be brought	in the name	of the City to the use of the City

or aggrieved persons as the case may be. Such bond must be approved by the City Attorney, both as to form,
and as to the responsibility of the sureties thereon.

Section 6. SERVICE OF PROCESS. Before any license as herein provided shall be issued for engag-
ing in the business of peddling, as herein defined, in the City of Las Vegas, such applicant shall file
with the City Clerk an instrument nominating and appointing the City Clerk, or the person performing the
duties of such position, his true and lawful agent with full power and authority to acknowledge service or
notice of process for and on behalf of said applicant in respect to any matters connected with or arising
out of the business transacted under said license and the bond given as required by Section 5 of this ordin-
ance, or for the performance of the conditions of said bond or for any breach thereof, which said instrument
shall also contain recitals to the effect that said applicant for said license consents and agrees that
service of any notice or process may be made upon said agent, and when so made shall be taken and held to
be as valid as if personally served upon the person or persons applying for the said license under this or-
dinance, according to the law of this or any other state, and waiving all claim or right of error by reason
of such acknowledgment of service or manner of service. Immediately upon service of process upon the City
Clerk, as herein provided, the City Clerk shall send to the licensee at his last known address, by regis-
tered mail, a copy of said process.

Section 7. FEES. The license fee which shall be paid to the City Clerk upon the issuance of a
license hereunder shall be based upon the gross amount of sales and shall be as follows:

Where the quarterly gross sales are Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00), or less, the sum of Seventy-
five Dollars ($75.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are more than Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00) and do not exceed
Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00), the sum of One Hundred and Twenty-five Dollars ($125.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are more than Five Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00) and do not exceed
Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00), the sum of Two Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($250.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00) and do not exceed
Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($13,000.00), the sum of Three Hundred and Seventy-five Dollars ($375.00) per
quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($13,000.00) and do not exceed
Twenty Thousand Dollars ($20,000.00), the	sum	of Five Hundred Dollars ($300.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales	are	over Twenty Thousand	Dollars ($20,000.00) and do	not	exceed

Thirty Thousand Dollars ($30,000.00), the	sum	of Seven Hundred and	Fifty Dollars ($730.00) per	quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales	are	over Thirty Thousand	Dollars ($30,000.00) and do	not	exceed

Forty Thousand Dollars ($40,000.00), the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Forty Thousand Dollars ($40,000.00), the sum of One
Thousand Two Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($1,230.00) per quarter.

Provided, that if any person, firm, association or corporation has more than one person engaged
in the business of peddling or uses more than one motor truck, wagon or other vehicle in said business of
peddling, the foregoing license fees shall be paid for each of said persons, motor trucks, wagons or ve-
hicles used in said business, in accordance with the amount of business each person, wagon, motor truck or
vehicle does, but not less than the minimum schedule.

Prior to the issuance of a license hereunder, the applicant therefor shall state in writing under
oath to the City Clerk the probable amount of gross sales which it is estimated will be made in the ensuing
quarterly period for which the license is to be issued, and where said applicant has held a license for the
next preceding quarterly period the estimate shall be computed upon the amount of gross sales made during
said preceding period. Where the amount of gross sales actually made in any quarterly period shall be in
excess of the estimate for said period, the licensee shall be indebted to the City of Las Vegas for any
deficiency in fee paid for said period and liable therefor to said City in a civil action. No license
hereunder shall be issued to said licensee for any subsequent quarter unless and until said deficiency is
paid to the City Clerk, and when so paid shall constitute an additional fee for any license issued hereunder
for such subsequent period, and be deemed in full payment of said deficiency.

Provided further, however, that the foregoing license schedule shall not be charged any person
engaged in the vending or peddling of what are commonly known as ice-cream cones, hot dogs, candies, tamales,
nuts, Eskimo pies or like articles of food usually sold at carnivals or fairs, but that the following schedule
shall apply to the same:

Where the quarterly gross sales are less than Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00), the sum of Fif-
teen Dollars ($13.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00) and do not exceed Five
Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00), the sum of Twenty-two Dollars and Fifty Cents ($22.50) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Five Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00), the sum of Thirty
Dollars ($30.00) per quarter.
Section 8. TRANSFER. No license issued hereunder shall be transferred without the written consent
of the Board of Commissioners, and then only upon the compliance by the transferee with all of the require-
ments provided for in this ordinance as for the issuance of an original license.

Section 9. LOUD NOISES AND SPEAKING DEVICES. No peddler, nor any person in his behalf, shall
shout, make any cryout, blow a horn, ring a bell or use any sound device, including any loud speaking radio
or sound amplifying system upon any of the streets, alleys, parks or other public places of said city or
upon any private premises in the said city where sound of sufficient volume is emitted or produced therefrom
to be capable of being plainly heard upon the streets, avenues, alleys, parks, or other public places for
the purpose of attracting attention to any goods, wares or merchandise which such licensee proposes to sell.

Section 10. USE OF STREETS. No peddler shall have any exclusive right to any location in the
public streets, nor shall any be permitted a stationary location, nor shall he be permitted to operate in
any congested area where his operations might impede or inconvenience the public. For the purpose of this
ordinance, the judgment of a police officer, exercised in good faith, shall be deemed conclusive as to
whether the area is congested or the public impeded or inconvenienced.

Section 11. EXHIBITION OF LICENSE. Peddlers are required to exhibit their licenses at the
request of any citizen.

Section 12. DUTY OF POLICE TO ENFORCE. It shall be the duty of any police officer of the City
of Las Vegas to required any person seen peddling, and who is not known by such officer to be duly licensed,
to produce his peddler's license and to enforce the provisions of this ordinance against any person found
to be violating the same.

Section 13. RECORDS. The City Clerk shall deposit the record of fingerprints of licensee,
together with a license number, with the Chief of Police; the Chief of Police shall report to the City
Clark any complaints against any person licensed under the provisions of this ordinance and any convic-
tion for violation of this ordinance; the City Clerk shall keep a record of all such licenses and of such
complaints and violations.

Section 14. REVOCATION OF LICENSE.

(a)	Permits and licenses issued under the provisions of this ordinance may be revoked by the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas after notice and hearing, for any of the following causes:

(1)	Fraud, misrepresentation, or false statement in the application for license;

(2)	Fraud, misrepresentation or false statement made in the course of carrying on his business
as peddler;

(3)	Any violation of this ordinance;

(4)	Conviction of any crime or misdemeanor involving moral turpitude;

(5)	Conducting the business of peddling in an unlawful manner or in such a manner as to constitute
a breach of the peace or to constitute a menace to the health, safety, or general welfare of the public.

(b) Notice of the hearing for revocation of a license shall be given in writing, setting forth
specifically the grounds of complaint and the time and place of hearing. Such notice shall be mailed,
postage prepaid, to the licensee at his last known address at least five (5) days prior to the date set
for hearing.

Section 15. APPEAL. Any person aggrieved by the action of the Chief of Police or the City Clerk
in the denial of an application for permit or license as provided in Section 4 of this ordinance, or the
the decision with reference to the revocation of a license as provided in Section 14 of this ordinance shall
have the right of appeal to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such appeal shall be taken
by filing with the Board of Commissioners, within fourteen (lit) days after notice of the action complained
of has been mailed to such person's last known address, a written statement setting forth fully the grounds
for the appeal. The Board of Commissioners shall set a time and place for a hearing on such appeal and
notice of such hearing shall be given to the appellant in the same manner as provided in Section lit of this
ordinance for notice of hearing on revocation. The decision and order of the Board of Commissioners on such
appeal shall be final and conclusive.

Section 16. EXPIRATION OF LICENSE. The City Clerk shall not issue any license hereunder nor
accept any license fee for less than a full quarterly period, and shall issue such licenses only for the
current quarterly periods commencing January, April, July and October. All licenses issued hereunder shall
expire upon the termination of the current quarterly period during which they shall have been issued.

Section 17. Nothing in this ordinance shall apply to any farmer or producer who sells or disposes
of his own agricultural products, including fruits or vegetables, or of beef, mutton or pork, provided
said meats are produced in accordance with health regulations and ordinances, if said merchandise is produced
by him in the State of Nevada.

Section 18. PENALTY. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall, upon
conviction thereof be punished by a fine not to exceed Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00), br by imprisonment
in the City Jail not to exceed six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 19. It shall be unlawful for any peddler, selling or pretending to sell, or offering for
sale, or demonstrating goods, wares or merchandise of any kind or character, or any article, material or
substance, to ring the bell, or knock on the door of any residence, dwelling, flat or apartment whereon a
sign bearing the words "No Peddlers," or other words of similar import is painted or affixed or exposed to
public view, or to attempt to gain admittance thereto, provided, however, that the provisions of this sec-
tion shall not apply to any peddler who knocks at any door, or rings any bell at the invitation or with
the consent of some member of the household at which he so applies for admission.

Section 20. Ordinance No. 160, entitled: "AN ORDINANCE TO FIX, IMPOSE AND COLLECT A LICENSE TAX
ON HAWKERS AND PEDDLERS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; TO PROVIDE FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS FOR CONDUCTING SAID
BUSINESS; TO DEFINE THE DUTIES OF CERTAIN OFFICERS IN CONNECTION THEREWITH; TO FIX A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION
THEREOF: TO REPEAL ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING
THERETO," and Ordinance No. 213, entitled: "AN ORDINANCE FORBIDDING SOLICITORS, PEDDLERS, HAWKERS, ITINERANT
MERCHANTS AND TRANSIENT VENDORS OF MERCHANDISE FROM TRESPASSING IN AND UPON PRIVATE RESIDENCES WHEN UNINVITED
SO TO DO BY THE OWNERS AND OCCUPANTS OF SAID PRIVATE RESIDENCES, IN SOLICITING AND ATTEMPTING TO SOLICIT
ORDERS, OR IN SELLING AND EXPOSING FOR SALE WARES AND MERCHANDISE, AND DECLARING SUCH SOLICITING TO BE A
NUISANCE, AND FIXING THE PENALTY FOR COMMITTING SUCH NUISANCES," and all ordinances and parts of ordinances
in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 21. The provisions of this ordinance shall be severable, and if any of said provisions,
or the application thereof to any person, body or circumstances, shall be held to be invalid or unconstitu-
tional, the remainder of this ordinance, or the application of such provision to persons, bodies or circum-
stances other than those as to which it shall have been held invalid or unconstitutional, shall not be
affected thereby. It is hereby declared as the intent of the Board of Commissioners that this ordinance
would have been adopted had such invalid or unconstitutional provision, or the application thereof to per-
sons, bodies or circumstances as to which it shall have been held invalid and unconstitutional, not been
included therein.

Section 22. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next
section provided, and final passage.

Section 23. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

/s/ E. W. Cragin

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 16th day of September, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Moore
and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 7th
day of October, 1948, which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said regular
meeting held on the 7th day of October, 1948, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City
Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	None

APPROVED:

/s/ E. W. Cragin

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Cleric

The above and foregoing ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of Commissioners for a second
time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 22nd day of October, 1948, and passed by the follow-
ing vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Clark

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger_________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK) ss.

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING
REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
two weeks from Oct 11th, 1948. to Oct 18th, 1948 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: Oct 11-18 	That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the

dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie_________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th day of October, 1948

/s/ A. E. Cahlan_________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires Jan 12, 1951
ORDINANCE NO. 368

AN ORDINANCE LICENSING, FOR THE PURPOSE OF REGULATION AND REVENUE, TRANSIENT MERCHANTS, ITINERANT MERCHANTS,
AND ITINERANT VENDORS, AS HEREIN DEFINED, IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; FIXING THE FEES THEREFOR AND OTHER CHARGES
IN CONNECTION THEREWITH; PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS THEREOF; AND REPEALING
ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. LICENSE REQUIRED. It shall be unlawful for a transient merchant, itinerant merchant
or itinerant vendor as defined in Section 2 of this ordinance to engage in such business within the City of
Las Vegas without first obtaining a license therefor in compliance with the provisions of this ordinance.

Section 2. DEFINITIONS. For the purpose of this ordinance a transient merchant, itinerant mer-
chant or itinerant vendor is defined as any person, firm or corporation, whether as owner, agent, consignee
or employee, whether a resident of the city or not, who engages in a temporary business of selling and deliv-
ering goods, wares and merchandise within said city, and who, in furtherance of such purpose, hires, leases,
uses or occupies any building, structure, motor vehicle, tent, railroad box car, or boat, public room in
hotels, lodging houses, apartments, shops, or any street, alley, or other place within the city, for the
exhibition and sale of such goods, wares and merchandise, either privately or at public auction provided
that such definition shall not be construed to include any person, firm, or corporation who, while occupying
such temporary location, does not sell from stock, but exhibits samples only for the purpose of securing
orders for future delivery only. The person, firm, or corporation so engaged shall not be relieved from
complying with the provisions of this ordinance merely by reason of associating temporarily with any local
dealer, trader, merchant or auctioneer, or by conducting such transient business in connection with, as a
part of, or in the name of any local dealer, trader, merchant or auctioneer.

Section 3. APPLICATION. Applicants for license under this ordinance, whether a person, firm
or corporation, shall file a written sworn application signed by the applicant, if an individual, by all
partners if a partnership, and by the president if a corporation, with the City Clerk, showing:

(a)	The name or names of the person or persons having the management or supervision of appli-
cant's business during the time that it is proposed that it will be carried on in the City of Las Vegas;
the local address or addresses of such person or persons while engaged in such business; the permanent
address or addresses of such person or persons; the capacity in which such person or persons will act
(that is, whether as proprietor, agent or otherwise); the name and address of the person, firm or corp-
oration for whose account the business will be carried on, if any; and if a corporation, under the laws
of what state the same is incorporated.

(b)	The fingerprints of the person or persons having the management or supervision of appli-
cant's business or in lieu thereof, at least three letters of recommendation from reliable property
owners in the County of Clark, certifying as to the applicant's good character and business responsi-
bility, or other evidence which establishes to the satisfaction of the Board of Commissioners the good
character and business responsibility of such person or persons;

(c)	The place or places in the City of Las Vegas where it is proposed to carry on applicant's
business, and the length of time during which it is proposed that said business shall be conducted.

(d)	The place or places, other than the permanent place of business of the applicant where
applicant within the six (6) months next preceding the date of said application conducted a transient
business, stating the nature thereof and giving the post office and street address of any building or
office in which such business was conducted;

(e)	A statement of the nature, character and quality of the goods, wares or merchandise to be
sold or offered for sale by applicant in the City of Las Vegas, the invoice value and quality of such
goods, wares and merchandise, whether the same are proposed to be sold from stock in possession or from
stock in possession and by sample; at auction, by direct sale or by direct sale and by taking orders for
future delivery; where the goods or property proposed to be sold are manufactured or produced and where
such goods or products are located at the time said application is filed.

(f)	A brief statement of the nature and character of the advertising done or proposed to be
done in order to attract customers, and, if required by the City Clerk, copies of all said advertising
whether by handbills, circular, newspaper advertising, or otherwise, shall be attached to said applica-
tion as exhibits thereto;

(g) Whether or not the person or persons having the management or supervision of the appli-
cant's business have been convicted of a crime, misdemeanor or the violation of any municipal ordinance,
the nature of such offense and the punishment assessed therefor;

(h)	Credentials from the person, firm or corporation for which the applicant proposes to do
business, authorizing the applicant to act as such representative; and

(i)	Such other reasonable information as to the identity or character of the person or persons
having the management or supervision of applicant's business or the method or plan of doing such business
as the City Clerk may deem proper to fulfill the purpose of this ordinance in the protection of the public
good.

Section 4. INVESTIGATION AND ISSUANCE. Upon receipt of such application, the City Clerk shall
cause such investigation of such person's or persons' business responsibility or moral character to be
made as he deems necessary to the protection of the public good. If, as a result of such investigation,
the applicant's character and business responsibility are found to be unsatisfactory, the application
shall be denied. If, as a result of the investigation, the character and business reputation appear to be
satisfactory, the City Clerk shall so certify in writing, and a license shall be issued by the City Clerk.

The City Clerk shall keep a full record in his office of all licenses issued. Such license shall contain -
the number of the license, the date the same is issued, the nature of the business authorized to be car-
ried on, the amount of the license fee paid, the expiration date of said license, the place where said
business may be carried on under said license, and the name or names of the person or persons authorized
to carry on the same.
Section 3. BOND. Before any license, as provided by this ordinance, shall be issued for engaging
in an transient or itinerant business, as defined in Section 2 of this ordinance, in the City of Las Vegas,
such applicant shall file with the City Clerk, a bond running to the City of Las Vegas in the sum of One
Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) executed by the applicant, as principal, and two sureties upon which service
of process may be made in the State of Nevada; said bond to be approved by the City Attorney, conditioned
that the said applicant shall comply fully with all of the provisions of this and all other ordinances of
the City of Las Vegas and the statutes of the State of Nevada, regulating and concerning the sale of goods,
wares and merchandise, and the payment of license fees, and will pay all judgments rendered against said
applicant for any violation of said ordinances or statutes, or any of them, together with all judgments
and costs that may be recovered against him by any person or persons for damage growing out of any misre-
presentations or deceptions were made or practiced by the owners or by their servants, agents, or employees,
either at the time of making the sale or through any advertisement of the time of making the sale or through
any advertisement of any character whatsoever, printed or circulated with reference to the goods, wares and
merchandise sold or any part thereof. Action on the bond may be brought in the name of the City to the use
of the City or aggrieved person, as the case may be. Such bond must be approved by the City Attorney, both
as to form, and as to the responsibility of the sureties thereon.

Section 6. SERVICE OF PROCESS. Before any license as herein provided shall be issued for engaging
in business as an itinerant merchant, as herein defined, in the City of Las Vegas, such applicant shall file
with the City Clerk an instrument nominating and appointing the City Clerk, or the person performing the
duties of such position, his true and lawful agent with full power and authority to acknowledge service or
notice of process for and on behalf of said applicant in respect to any matters connected with or arising
out of the business transacted under said license and the bond given as required by Section 5 of this ordin-
ance, or for the performance of the conditions of said bond or for any breach thereof, which said instrument
shall also contain recitals to the effect that said applicant for said license consents and agrees that ser-
vice of any notice or process may be made upon said agent, and when so made shall be taken and held to be
as valid as if personally served upon the person or persons applying for the said license under this ordin-
ance, according to the law of this or any other state, and waiving all claim or right of error by reason
of such acknowledgment of service or manner of service. Immediately upon service of process upon the City
Clerk, as herein provided, the City Clerk shall send to the licensee at his last known address, by regis-
tered mail, a copy of said process.

Section 7. FEES. The license fee which shall be paid to the City Clerk upon the issuance of a
license hereunder shall be based upon the gross amount of sales and shall be as follows:

Where the quarterly gross sales are Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00), or less the sum of Seventy-
five Dollars ($73.00 per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are more than Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00) and do not exceed
Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00), the sum of One Hundred and Twenty-five Dollars ($125.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are more than Five Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00) and do not exceed
Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00), the sum of Two Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($250.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00) and do not exceed Fif-
teen Thousand Dollars ($13,000.00), the sum of Three Hundred and Seventy-five Dollars ($373.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($13,000.00) and do not exceed
Twenty Thousand Dollars ($20,000.00), the sum of Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Twenty Thousand Dollars ($20,000.00) and do not exceed
Thirty Thousand Dollars ($30,000.00), the sum of Seven Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($730.00) per quarter.

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Thirty Thousand Dollars ($30,000.00) and do not exceed
Forty Thousand Dollars ($40,000.00), the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Forty Thousand Dollars ($40,000.00), the sum of One Thou-
sand Two Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($1,230.00) per quarter.

Prior to the issuance of a license hereunder, the applicant therefor shall state in writing under
oath to the City Clerk the probable amount of gross sales which it is estimated will be made in the ensuing
quarterly period for which the license is to be issued, and where said applicant has held a license for the
next preceding quarterly period the estimate shall be computed upon the amount of gross sales made during
said preceding period. Where the amount of gross sales actually made in any quarterly period shall be in
excess of the estimate for said period, the licensee shall be indebted to the City of Las Vegas for any
deficiency in fee paid for said period and liable therefor to said City in a civil action. No license here-
under shall be issued to said licensee for any subsequent quarter unless and until said deficiency is paid
to the City Clerk, and when so paid shall constitute an additional fee for any license issued hereunder for
such subsequent period, and be deemed in full payment of said deficiency. The City Clerk and any other
officer designated by him shall have power and authority to enter any store, building, or any other place in
which such temporary business may be conducted at any time during business hours for ascertaining the amount
of sales made and shall at all times have access to the books of such business.

Section 8. TRANSFER. No license issued hereunder shall be transferred without the written consent
of the Board of Commissioners, and then only upon the compliance by the transferee with all of the require-
ments provided for in this ordinance as for the issuance of an original license.

Section 9. LOUD NOISES AND SPEAKING DEVICES. No licensee under this ordinance, nor anyone in his
behalf shall shout, make any outcry, blow a horn, ring a bell or use any other sound device including any loud
speaking radio or amplifying system upon any of the streets, alleys, parks or other public places of the said
City or upon any private premises in the said City where sound of sufficient volume is emitted or produced
therefrom capable of being plainly heard upon the streets, avenues, alleys or parks or other public places,
for the purpose of attracting attention to any goods, wares or merchandise which such licensee proposes to
sell.

Section 10. EXHIBITION OF LICENSE. The license issued under this ordinance shall be posted con-
spiciously in the place of business named therein. In the event that such person or persons applying for said
license shall desire to do business in more than one place within the City, separate licenses may be issued
for such place of business, and shall be posted conspicuously in each place of business.
Section 11. DUTY OF POLICE TO ENFORCE. It shall be the duty of the police officers of the City of
Las Vegas to examine all places of business and persons in their respective territories subject to the pro-
visions of this ordinance, to determine if this ordinance has been complied with and to enforce the provisions
of this ordinance against any person found to be violating the same.

Section 12. RECORDS. The City Clerk shall deposit the record of fingerprints of licensee, to-
gether with a license number, with the Chief of Police; the Chief of Police shall report to the City Clerk
any complaints against any person licensed under the provisions of this ordinance and any conviction for
violation of this ordinance; the City Clerk shall keep a record of all such licenses and of such complaints
and violations.

Section 13. REVOCATION OF LICENSE.

(a)	The permits and licenses issued pursuant to this ordinance may be revoked by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, after notice and hearing, for any of the following causes:

(1)	Any fraud, misrepresentation or false statement contained in the application for license.

(2)	Any fraud, misrepresentation or false statement made in connection with the selling of goods,
wares or merchandise;

(3)	Any violation of this ordinance;

(4)	Conviction of the licensee of any felony or of a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; or

(5) Conducting the business licensed under this ordinance in an unlawful manner or in such a manner
as to constitute a breach of the peace or to constitute a menace to the health, safety or general welfare of
the public.

(b)	Notice of hearing for revocation of a license shall be given in writing, setting forth spec-
ifically the grounds of the complaint and the time and place of the hearing. Such notice shall be mailed,
postage prepaid, to the licensee, at his last known address, at least five (5) days prior to the date set
for the hearing.

Section 14. APPEAL. Any person aggrieved by the decision of the City Clerk in regard to the denial
of application for license as provided for in Section 4 of this ordinance or in connection with the revocation
of a license as provided for in Section 13 of this ordinance, shall have the right to appeal to the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such appeal shall be taken by filing with the Board of Commissioners
within fourteen (14) days after notice of the decision by the City Clerk has been mailed to such person's
last known address, a written statement setting forth the grounds for the appeal. The Board of Commissioners
shall set the time and place for a hearing on such appeal and notice of such hearing shall be given to such
person in the same manner as provided in Section 13 of this ordinance for notice of hearing on revocation.

The order of the Board of Commissioners on such appeal shall be final.

Section 15. EXPIRATION OF LICENSE. The City Clerk shall not issue any license hereunder nor
accept any license fee for less than a full quarterly period, and shall issue such licenses only for the
current quarterly periods, and shall issue such licenses only for the current quarterly periods commencing
January, April, July and October. All licenses issued hereunder shall expire upon the termination of the
current quarterly period during which they shall have been issued.

Section 16. PENALTY. Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this
ordinance shall, upon conviction thereof, be punished by a fine not to exceed Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00),
or by imprisonment in the City Jail not to exceed six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 17. The provisions of this ordinance shall be severable, and if any of said provisions,
or the application thereof to any person, body or circumstances, shall be held to be invalid or unconstitu-
tional, the remainder of this ordinance, or the application of such provision to persons, bodies or circum-
stances other than those as to which it shall have been held invalid or unconstitutional, shall not be af-
fected thereby. It is hereby declared as the intent of the Board of Commissioners that this ordinance
would have been adopted had such invalid or unconstitutional provision, or the application thereof to
persons, bodies or circumstances as to which it shall have been held invalid and unconstitutional, not been
included therein.

Section 18. REPEAL OF CONFLICTING ORDINANCES. All ordinances or parts of ordinances inconsistent
with this ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 19. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next
section provided, and final passage.

Section 20. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

/s/ Shirley Ballinger_________

City Cleric

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 16th day of September, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Moore
and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the
7th day of October, 1948, which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said regular
meeting held on the 7th day of October, 1948, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City
Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	None	APPROVED:

ATTEST: 		/s/ E. W. Cragin

/s/ Shirley Ballinger_______	Mayor

City Clerk
The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of Commissioners for a second
time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 22nd day of October, 1948, and passed by the follow-
ing vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

APPROVED:

/s/ E. W. Cragin__________-

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK) ss.

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING
REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period
of two weeks from Oct 11th, 1948 to Oct 18th, 1948 inclusive, being the issued of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: Oct 11-18	That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of

the dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie_________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th day of October, 1948

/s/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires Jan 12, 1951

——oooOOOOOOOooo——

ORDINANCE NO. 369

AN ORDINANCE LICENSING, FOR THE PURPOSE OF REGULATION AND REVENUE, SOLICITORS AND CANVASSERS, AS HEREIN DE-
FINED, IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; FIXING THE FEES THEREFOR AND OTHER CHARGES IN CONNECTION THEREWITH; PROVID-
ING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS THEREOF; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF
ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. PERMIT AND LICENSE REQUIRED. It shall be unlawful for any solicitor or canvasser as
defined in Section 2 of this ordinance to engage in such business within the corporate limits of the City of
Las Vegas without first obtaining a permit and license therefor in compliance with the provisions of this
ordinance.

Section 2. DEFINITION. A canvasser or solicitor is defined as any individual, whether resident of
the City of Las Vegas or not, traveling either by foot, wagon, automobile, motor truck, or any other type of
conveyance, from place to place or from house to house, or from street to street, taking or attempting to
take orders for sale of goods, wares and merchandise, personal property of any nature whatsoever for future
delivery, or for services to be furnished or performed in the future, whether or not such individual has,
carries or exposes for sale a sample of the subject of such sale or whether he is collecting advance payments
on such sales or not, provided that such definition shall include any person who, for himself, or for another
person, firm, or corporation, hires, leases, uses or occupies any building, structure, tent, railroad box car,
boat, hotel room, lodging house, apartment, shop, or any other place within the City for the sole purpose of
exhibiting samples and taking orders for future delivery. Provided further, however, that no such permit or
license shall be required of drummers, travelling salesmen, or other persons engaged in soliciting or taking
orders exclusively from the trade or established wholesale or retail dealers, for the delivery of goods,
wares or merchandise by wholesale.

Section 3. APPLICATION. Applicants for permit and license under this ordinance must file with the
City Clerk a sworn application in writing (in duplicate) on a form to be furnished by the City Clerk, which
shall give the following information:

(a)	Name and description of the applicant;

(b)	Permanent home address and full local address of the applicant;

(c)	A brief description of the nature of the business and the goods to be sold;

(d)	If employed, the name and address of the employer, together with credentials establishing the
exact relationship;

(e)	The length of time for which the right to do business is desired;

(f)	The place where the goods or property proposed to be sold, or orders taken for the sale thereof,
are manufactured or produced, where such goods or products are located at the time said application is filed,
and the proposed method of delivery.

(g)	A photograph of the applicant, taken within sixty (6) days immediately prior to the date of
the filing of the application, which picture shall be 2" x 2" showing the head and shoulders of the applicant
in a clear and distinguishing manner;
(h)	The fingerprints of the applicant and the names of at least two reliable property owners of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, who will certify as to the applicant's good character and business
respectability, or, in lieu of the names of references, such other available evidence as to the good chara-
cter and business responsibility of the applicant as will enable an investigator to properly evaluate such
character and business responsibility;

(i)	A statement as to whether or not the applicant has been convicted of any crime, misdemeanor,
or violation of any municipal ordinance, the nature of the offense and the punishment or penalty assessed
therefor; and

(j)	A statement by a reputable physician of the City of Las Vegas, dated not more than ten (10)
days prior to submission of the application, certifying the applicant to be free of contagious, infectious,
or communicable disease.

 At the time of filing the application, a fee of Twenty-five ($25.00) Dollars shall be paid to the
City Clerk to cover the cost of investigation of the facts stated therein.

Section 4. INVESTIGATION AND ISSUANCE.

(a)	Upon receipt of such application, the original shall be referred to the Chief of Police, who
shall cause such investigation of the applicant's business and moral character to be made as he deems nec-
essary for the protection of the public good.

(b)	If as a result of such investigation, the applicant's character or business responsibility
is found to be unsatisfactory, the Chief of Police shall endorse on such application his disapproval and
his reasons for the same, and return the said application to the City Clerk, who shall notify the applicant
that his application is disapproved and that no permit and license will be issued.

(c)	If as a result of such investigation, the character and business responsibility of the ap-
plicant are found to be satisfactory, the Chief of Police shall endorse on the application his approval,
execute a permit addressed to the applicant for the carrying on of the business applied for and return said
permit, along with the application to the City Clerk, who shall, upon payment of the prescribed license fee,
deliver to the applicant his permit and issue a license, Such license shall contain the signature and
seal of the issuing officer and shall show the name, address and photograph of said licensee, the class of
license issued and the kind of goods to be sold thereunder, the amount of fee paid, the date of issuance
and the length of time the same shall be operative, as well as the license number and other identifying
description of any vehicle used in such soliciting or canvassing. The City Clerk shall keep a permanent
records of all licenses issued.

Section 5. FEES. The license fee which shall be paid to the City Clerk upon the issuance of a
license hereunder shall be based upon the gross amount of sales and shall be as follows:

Where the quarterly gross sales are Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00), or less, the sum of
Seventy-five Dollars ($75.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are more than Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00) and do not exceed
Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00), the sum of One Hundred and Twenty-five Dollars ($125.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are more than Five Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00) and do not exceed
Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00), the sum of Two Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($250.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00) and do not exceed Fif-
teen Thousand Dollars ($13,000.00), the sum of Three Hundred and Seventy-five Dollars ($375.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($13,000.00) and do not exceed
Twenty Thousand	Dollars ($20,000.00), the	sum	of Five Hundred Dollars ($300.00) per quarter.

Where	the quarterly gross sales	are	over Twenty Thousand	Dollars ($20,000.00) and do	not	exceed

Thirty Thousand	Dollars ($30,000.00), the	sum	of Seven Hundred and	Fifty Dollars ($730.00) per	quarter;

Where	the quarterly gross sales	are	over Thirty Thousand	Dollars ($30,000.00) and do	not	exceed

Forty Thousand Dollars ($40,000.00), the sum of One Thousand Dollars, ($1,000.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Forty Thousand Dollars ($40,000.00), the sum of One Thou-
sand Two Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($1,250.00) per quarter.

(b) Provided, that if any person, firm, association or corporation has more than one person en-
gaged in the business of soliciting or canvassing, the foregoing license fees shall be paid for each said
persons engaged in said business, in accordance with the amount of business each person does, but not less
than the minimum schedule.

(c)	Prior to the issuance of a license hereunder, the applicant therefor shall state in writing
under oath to the City Clerk the probable amount of gross sales which it is estimated will be made in the
ensuing quarterly period for which the license is to be issued, and where said applicant has held a license
for the next preceding quarterly period the estimate shall be computed upon the amount of gross sales made
during said preceding period. Where the amount of gross sales actually made in any quarterly period shall
be in excess of the estimate for said period, the licensee shall be indebted to the City of Las Vegas for
any deficiency in fee paid for said period and liable therefor to said City in a civil action. No license
hereunder shall be issued to said licensee for any subsequent quarter unless and until said deficiency is
paid to the City Clerk, and when so paid shall constitute an additional fee for any license issued hereunder
for such subsequent period, and be deemed in full payment of said deficiency.

(d)	None of the license fees provided for by this ordinance shall be so applied as to occasion
an undue burden upon interstate commerce. In any case where a license fee is believed by a licensee or
applicant for license to place an undue burden upon such commerce, he may apply to the Board of Commissioners
for an adjustment of the fee so that it shall not be discriminatory, unreasonable, or unfair as to such com-
merce. Such application may be made before, at, or within six (6) months after payment of the prescribed
license fee. The applicant shall, by affidavit and supporting testimony, show his method of business and the
gross volume or estimated gross volume of business and such other information as the Board of Commissioners
may deem necessary in order to determine the extent, if any, of such undue burden on such commerce. The
Board of Commissioners shall then conduct an investigation, comparing applicant's business with other busi-
nesses of like nature and shall made findings of fact from which it shall determine whether the fee fixed by
this ordinance is unfair, unreasonable or discriminatory as to applicant's business and shall fix as the lic-
ense fee for the applicant, an amount that is fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory, or, if the fee has
already been paid, shall order a refund of the amount over and above the fee so fixed. In fixing the fee to
be charged, the Board of Commissioners shall have the power to base the fee upon a percentage of gross sales,
or any other method which will assure that the fee assessed shall be uniform with that assessed on businesses
of like nature, so long as the amount assessed does not exceed the fees as prescribed by Section 5 (a) of
this ordinance. Should the Board of Commissioners determine the gross sales measure of the fee to be the
fair basis, they may require the applicant to submit either at the time of termination of applicant's busi-
ness in the City of Las Vegas or at the end of each three (3) month period, a sworn statement of the gross
sales and pay the amount of fee therefor, provided that no additional fee during any one quarterly period
shall be required after the licensee shall have paid an amount equal to the quarterly license as prescribed
in Section 5 (a) of this ordinance.

(e)	Provided further, however, that the foregoing license schedule shall not be charged any person
engaged in the canvassing and soliciting of orders for the sale of what are commonly known as ice-cream cones,
hot dogs, candies, tamales, nuts, Eskimo pies or like articles of food usually sold at carnivals or fairs,
but that the following schedule shall apply to the same:

Where the quarterly gross sales are less than Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00), the sum of Fifteen
Dollars ($15.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00) and do not exceed Five
Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00), the sum of Twenty-two Dollars and Fifty Cents ($22.50) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00), the sum of Thirty
Dollars ($30.00) per quarter.

Section 6. BOND. Every applicant, not a resident of the City of Las Vegas, or who being a resident
of the City of Las Vegas represents a firm whose principal place of business is located outside the State of
Nevada, shall file with the City Clerk a surety bond running to the City in the amount of One Thousand Dol-
lars ($1,000.00), with surety acceptable to and approved by the City Attorney, conditioned that the said appli-
cant shall comply fully with all the provisions of this and all other ordinances of the City of Las Vegas
and the statutes of the State of Nevada, regulating and concerning the business of solicitor and canvasser
and the payment of license fees, and guaranteeing to any citizen of the City of Las Vegas that all money paid
as a down payment will be accounted for and applied according to the representations of the solicitor or can-
vasser, further guaranteeing to any citizen of the City of Las Vegas doing business with said solicitor or
canvasser, that the property purchased will be delivered according to the representations of said solicitor
or canvasser. Action on such bond may be brought in the name of the City to the use or benefit of said City
or the aggrieved person, as the case may be.

Section 7. EXHIBITION OF LICENSE. Solicitors and Canvassers are required to exhibit their licenses
at the request of any citizen.

Section 8. DUTY OF POLICE TO ENFORCE. It shall be the duty of any police officer of the City of
Las Vegas to require any person seen soliciting or canvassing, and who is not know by such officer to be duly
licensed, to produce his solicitor's or canvasser's license and to enforce the provisions of this ordinance
against any person found to be violating the same.

Section 9. RECORDS. The City Clerk shall deposit the record of fingerprints of licensee, together
with a license number, with the Chief of Police; the Chief of Police shall report to the City Clerk any com-
plaints against any person licensed under the provisions of this ordinance and any conviction for violation
of this ordinance; the City Clerk shall keep a record of all such licenses and of such complaints and viola-
tions.

Section 10. REVOCATION OF LICENSE.

(a)	Permits and licenses issued under the provisions of this ordinance may be revoked by the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas after notice and hearing, for any of the following causes:

(1)	Fraud, misrepresentation, or false statement contained in the application for license;

(2)	Fraud, misrepresentation or false statement made in the course of carrying on his business as
solicitor or as canvasser;

(3)	Any violation of this ordinance;

(it) Conviction of any crime or misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; or

(5) Conducting the business of soliciting, or of canvassing, in an unlawful manner or in such a
manner as to constitute a breach of the peace or to constitute a menace to the health, safety, or general
welfare of the public.

(b)	Notice of the hearing for revocation of a license shall be given in writing, setting forth
specifically the grounds of complaint and the time and place of hearing. Such notice shall be mailed, postage
prepaid, to the licensee at his last known address at least five (5) days prior to the date set for hearing.

Section 11. APPEAL. Any person aggrieved by the action of the Chief of Police or the City Clerk
in the denial of a permit or license as provided in Section 4 of this ordinance shall have the Tight of appeal
to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such appeal shall be taken by filing with the Board
of Commissioners, within fourteen (14) days after notice of the action complained of has been mailed to such
person's last known address, a written statement setting forth fully the grounds for the appeal. The Board
of Commissioners shall set a time and place for a hearing on such appeal and notice of such hearing shall be
given to the appellant in the same manner as provided in Section 10 of this ordinance for notice of hearing
on revocation. The decision and order of the Board of Commissioners on such appeal shall be final and conclusive.
Section 12. EXPIRATION OF LICENSE. The City Clerk shall not issue any license hereunder nor
accept any license fee for less than a full quarterly period, and shall issue such licenses only for the
current quarterly periods commencing January, April, July and October. All licenses issued hereunder shall
expire upon the termination of the current quarterly period during which they shall have been issued.

Section 13. It shall be unlawful for any Solicitor or Canvasser, selling or pretending to sell,
or offering for sale, or demonstrating goods, wares or merchandise of any kind or character, or any article,
material or substance, to ring the bell, or knock on the door of any residence, dwelling, flat or apartment
whereon a sign bearing the words "No Peddlers," or other words of similar import is painted or affixed or
exposed to public view, or to attempt to gain admittance thereto, provided, however, that the provisions of
this section shall not apply to any solicitor or canvasser who knocks at any door, or rings any bell at the
invitation or with the consent of some member of the household at which he so applies for admission.

Section 14. PENALTY. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall, upon
conviction thereof be punished by a fine not to exceed Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment
in the City Jail not to exceed six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 15. REPEAL OF CONFLICTING ORDINANCES. All ordinances or parts of ordinances inconsistent
with the provisions of this ordinance, be and the same are hereby repealed.

Section 16. The provisions of this ordinance shall be severable, and if any of said provisions,
or the application thereof to any person, body or circumstances, shall be held to be valid or unconstitu-
tional, the remainder of this ordinance, circumstances other than those as to which it shall have been held
invalid or unconstitutional, shall not be affected thereby. It is hereby declared as the intent of the
Board of Commissioners that this ordinance would have been adopted had such invalid or unconstitutional
provision, or the application thereof to persons, bodies or circumstances as to which it shall have been
held invalid and unconstitutional, not been included therein.

Section 17. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the
next section provided, and final passage.

Section 18. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper, published in the City of
Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin__________

Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 16th	day	of September, 1948, and referred to	the following committee composed of Commissioners Moore

and Whipple	for	recommendation; thereafter the said	Committee reported favorably on said	Ordinance on the 7th

day of October,	1948, which was the regular meeting	of said Board of Commissioners; that	at said regular meet-
ing held on	the	7th day of October, 1948, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the	Board of City Commis-

sioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	None	APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of Commissioners for a second
time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 22nd day of October, 1948, and passed by the follow-
ing vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Clark	APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

 	Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger_________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING
REVIEW-JOURNAL, daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period
of two weeks from Oct 11, 1948 to Oct 18, 1948 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: Oct 11 - 18th That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie___________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th day of October, 1948

/s/ A. E. Cahlan____________________

My Commission Expires Jan 12, 1951	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada
ORDINANCE NO. 370

AN ORDINANCE PROHIBITING AND PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE MARKING, TEARING, INJURING, DEFACING, MUTILATING AND
DESTROYING OF ANY READING MATERIAL AND PROPERTY OF THE FREE PUBLIC LIBRARY AND FOR THE FAILURE TO RETURN READ-
ING MATERIAL AND PROPERTY ISSUED OUT OF SUCH LIBRARY; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CON-
FLICT THEREWITH; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person to mark, tear or in any manner injure, deface,
mutilate or destroy any book, pamphlet or other property of the free public library of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2.	It shall be unlawful for any person	to	fail to return any	book	pamphlet or	other pro-
perty of the free public library of the	City of Las Vegas	within five (5) days after	the	receipt	of Notice

from the librarian thereof, demanding the return to the library of such property.

Section 3. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor and upon	conviction thereof	shall be punished	by	a fine of not more	than	One	Hundred	Fifty

Dollars ($150.00) or	by imprisonment in	the City Jail not	to	exceed thirty (30)	days, or	by both	such fine

and imprisonment.

Section This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next
section provided, and final passage.

Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	/s/ C. R. Clark

Mayor Pro Tem

/s/ Shirley Ballinger__________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City Com-
missioners on the 20th day of September, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Commis-
sioners Moore and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordin-
ance on the 30th day of September, 1948 which was the recessed regular meeting of said Board of City Commis-
sioners; that a said recessed regular meeting held on the 30th day of September, 1948, the proposed ordinance
was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Mayor Cragin	APPROVED:

/s/ C. R. Clark__________________

ATTEST:	Mayor Pro Tem

/s/ Shirley Ballinger__________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners for a
second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 22nd day of October, 1948, and passed by the
following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin
Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Clark	APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK) ss.

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING
REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
two weeks from Oct 4th, 1948 to Oct 11, 1948 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: Oct 4 - 11 That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named

/s/ Dick Lochrie_______________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th day of October, 1948

/s/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires Jan 21, 1951
ORDINANCE NO. 371

AN ORDINANCE TO PROVIDE PENALTIES FOR USING, MANUFACTURING, SELLING OR GIVING AWAY TOKENS, SLUGS, OR SPURIOUS
COINS FOR THE FRAUDULENT OPERATION OF VENDING MACHINES, COIN-BOX TELEPHONES, OR OTHER RECEPTACLES, DESIGNED
TO RECEIVE LAWFUL COINS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, IN THE SALE, USE OR ENJOYMENT OF PROPERTY OR SERVICE;
AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING
THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person who, by means of a token, slug, false or counter-
feited coin, or by any other means, method, trick or device whatsoever not lawfully authorized by the owner,
lessee, or licensee of any lawful vending machine, coin-box telephone or other receptacle designed to re-
ceive or be operated by lawful coin of the United States of America in furtherance of or in connection with
the sale, use or enjoyment of property or service, knowingly shall operate or cause to be operated, or shall
attempt to operate or attempt to cause to be operated, any vending machine, coin-box telephone or other rec-
eptable designed to receive or be operated by lawful coin of the United States of America, or whoever shall
take, obtain, accept or receive, from or by means of any such machine, coin-box telephone or other receptacle,
any article of value or other facility or service, without depositing in, delivering to and payment into
such machine, coin-box telephone or receptacle the amount of lawful coin of the United States of America
required therefor by the owner, lessee or licensee of such machine, coin-box telephone or other receptacle.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person who, with intent to cheat or defraud the owner,
lessee, licensee or other person entitled to the contents of any vending machine, coin-box telephone or
other receptacle designed to receive or be operated by lawful coin of the United States of America in fur-
therance of or in connection with the sale, use or enjoyment of property or service or the use or enjoyment
of any telephone, telegraph or other facilities or service, or whoever, knowingly or having cause to be-
lieve that the same is intended for fraudulent or unlawful use on the part of the purchaser, donee or
user thereof, shall manufacture for sale, sell or give away any token, slug, false or counterfeited coin or
any device or substance whatsoever, intended or calculated to be placed, deposited or used in any such vend-
ing machine, coin-box telephone or other receptacle.

Section 3. Any person violating the provisions of this Ordinance shall, upon conviction thereof,
be fined not more than $500.00, or be imprisoned in the City Jail for a period not to exceed six (6) months,
or be both so fined and imprisoned.

Section 4. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 5. The provisions of this ordinance shall be severable, and if any of said provisions, or
the application thereof to any person, body or circumstances, shall be held to be invalid or unconstitutional,
the remainder of this ordinance, or the application of such provision to persons, bodies or circumstances
other than those as to which it shall have been held invalid or unconstitutional, shall not be affected there-
by. It is hereby declared as the intent of the Board of Commissioners that this ordinance would have been
adopted had such invalid or unconstitutional provision, or the application thereof to persons, bodies or
circumstances as to which it shall have been held invalid and unconstitutional, not been included therein.

Section 6. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next
section provided, and final passage.

Section 7. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

/s/ C. R. Clark____________________

Mayor Pro Tem

ATTEST:

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City Commis-
sioners on the 20th day of September, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners
Baskin and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on
the 30th day of September, 1948, which the the recessed regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners;
that at said recessed regular meeting held on the 30th day of September, 1948, the proposed ordinance was
read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Mayor Cragin	APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ C. R. Clark______________

Mayor Pro Tem

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners for a
second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 22nd day of October, 1948, and passed by the
following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss.
COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING
REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two
weeks from Oct 4th, 1948 to Oct 11, 191)8 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit: Oct 4 - 11 That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie___________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th day of October, 1948

/s/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires Jan 12, 1951

——oooOOOOOOOooo——

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 372

AN ORDINANCE TO REPEAL ORDINANCE NO. 270 OF THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE CREATING A PLANNING
COMMISSION FOR THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DEFINING THE POWERS AND DUTIES THEREOF AND MATTERS RELATING THERETO."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Ordinance No. 270 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "AN ORDINANCE CREATING A PLANNING
COMMISSION FOR THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DEFINING THE POWERS AND DUTIES THEREOF AND MATTERS RELATING THERETO,"
and each and every part and provision thereof is hereby repealed.

Section 2. The City of Las Vegas having collaborated with the County of Clark, Nevada, and the City
of North Las Vegas, Nevada, in the creation of a Regional Planning Commission, which is to function in the place
and stead of the City Planning Commission heretofore created by Ordinance No. 270 of the City of Las Vegas, and
the need for the future development of the City of Las Vegas being immediate and imperative, this ordinance is
therefore declared to be and is hereby passed as an Emergency Ordinance and it shall take effect immediately
after its passage and publication.

Section 3. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of two
weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that, by the unanimous consent of the whole Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, the foregoing ordinance was read in full when first introduced at the regular meeting of said Board
held on the 7th day of October, 1948, and was passed as an Emergency Ordinance upon said reading on said date,
on the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin
Voting "No" : None
Absent:	None

/s/ E. W. Cragin __________

Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Shirley Ballinger______

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING
REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
two weeks from Oct 11th, 1948 to Oct 18, 1948 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: Oct. 11th - 18th That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th day of October, 1948

/s/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires Jan 12, 1951
ORDINANCE NO. 373

NOTE: This ordinance was never adopted.

ORDINANCE NO. 374

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THAT IT SHALL BE UNLAWFUL TO MAKE FALSE, MISLEADING OR UNFOUNDED REPORTS TO THE POLICE
DEPARTMENT, OR TO THE FIRE DEPARTMENT OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; PROVIDING THE PENALTY FOR VIOLATIONS THEREOF;
REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING
THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association, co-partnership or corporation
to wilfully make to the Police Department, or to the Fire Department of the City of Las Vegas any false,
misleading or unfounded report, for the purpose of interfering with the operation of said Police Department,
or of the said Fire Department, or with the intention of misleading any police officer or any member of the
Fire Department of the City of Las Vegas, or to in any other manner interfere with the operations of said
Police Department, or of said Fire Department of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. Any person, association, co-partnership, or corporation violating the provisions of
this Ordinance shall, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be fined not more
than Five Hundred ($500.00) Dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail not to exceed six (6) months, or
by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 3. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 4. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next
section provided, and final passage.

Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City Com-
missioners on the 22nd day of October, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners
Baskin and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on
the 5th day of November, 1948, which was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at
said regular meeting held on the 5th day of November, 1948, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the
Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:

/s/ E. W. Cragin

/s/ Shirley Ballinger	MAyor

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners for a second
time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 22nd day of November, 1948, and passed by the following
vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor Mayor Cragin
Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioners Moore and Whipple

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

/s/ Shirley Ballinger	 /s/ E. W. Cragin________________

City Clerk	 Mayor

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas Evening
Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
two weeks, from November 9, 1948 to November 16, 1948 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: Nov. 9th - 16th That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of
the dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day of November, 1948

/s/ A. E. Cahlan__________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires Jan 12, 1951
ORDINANCE NO. 375

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DEFRAUDING OF AN INNKEEPER AND OTHER PERSONS TO BE A CRIME; PROVIDING FOR THE
PUNISHMENT OF VIOLATIONS THEREOF; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH;

AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Any person who shall obtain food, lodging, or other accommodation at any hotel, inn,
lodging, boarding, rooming, or eating house, furnished apartment house, furnished bungalow court, or furnished
auto camp, without paying therefor, with intent to defraud the owner or keeper thereof, is deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor. Proof that lodging, food, or other accommodations were obtained by false pretense, or by false
or fictitious show or pretense of any baggage or other property, or that the person refused or neglected to
pay for such food, lodging, or other accommodations, or that he gave in payment for such food, lodging, or
other accommodation negotiable paper on which payment was refused, or that he absconded without paying, or
offering to pay for such food, lodging, or other accommodations, or that he surreptitiously removed or at-
tempted to remove his baggage, shall be prima facie evidence of the fraudulent intent mentioned herein.

Section 2. Any person violating the provisions of this ordinance shall upon conviction thereof be
punished by a fine of not more than Five Hundred ($500.00) Dollars or by imprisonment in the City Jail not
to exceed six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 3. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section The provisions of this ordinance shall be severable, and if any of said provisions, or
the application thereof to any person, body or circumstances, shall be held to be invalid or unconstitutional,
the remainder of this ordinance, or the application of such provision to persons, bodies or circumstances
other than those as to which it shall have been held invalid or unconstitutional, shall not be affected
thereby. It is hereby declared as the intent of the Board of Commissioners that this ordinance would have
been adopted had such invalid or unconstitutional provision, or the application thereof to persons, bodies
or circumstances as to which it shall have been held invalid and unconstitutional, not been included therein.

Section 5. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next
section provided, and final passage.

Section 6. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin ______________

Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City Commis-
sioners on the 22nd day of October, 1948, and referred to the following committee, composed of Commissioners
Moore and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on
the 5th day of November, 1948, which was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that
at said regular meeting held on the 5th day of November, 1948, the proposed ordinance was read in full to
the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:

/s/ E. W. Cragin_____________________

/s/ Shirley Ballinger	Mayor

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners for a
second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 22nd day of November, 1948, and passed by the
following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor Mayor Cragin
Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioners Moore and Whipple	APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger_________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING
REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
two weeks from November 9, 1948 to November 16, 1948 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: Nov. 9-16 That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above names.

/s/ Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day of November, 1948

/s/ A. E. Cahlan__________________

	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires Jan 12, 1951
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 376

AN ORDINANCE RELATING TO THE AUTHORIZATION AND ISSUANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS SEWAGE DISPOSAL BONDS, SERIES
OF MAY 1, 1948, IN THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $350,000.00 AND AMENDING AND SUPPLEMENTING EMERGENCY
ORDINANCE NO. 353 ADOPTED THE 23RD OF APRIL, 1948

WHEREAS, Emergency Ordinance No. 353 duly adopted by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas on the 23rd day of April, 1948, as amended and supplemented, provided for the issuance and sale of the
General Obligation Sewage Disposal Bonds of the City of Las Vegas, Series of May 1, 1948, in the aggregate
principal amount of $350,000.00, said bonds to bear interest at the rate of not more than three per centum
per annum and to mature serially $8,000.00 on the first day of May, 1949 and $18,000.00 on the first day of
May in the years 1950 to 1968, both inclusive, all bonds maturing on and after May 1, 1954 to be subject to
redemption on May 1, 1953, or on any interest payment date thereafter; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to said ordinance said bonds were thereafter offered at public sale with a maxi-
mum interest rate of three per centum per annum (which was the maximum interest rate approved by the electors)
but no bids were received for their purchase; and

WHEREAS, thereafter, a resolution was duly adopted by the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas
on the 27th day of August, 1948, authorizing the reoffering of said bonds at public sale on the 5th day of
October, 1948 describing said bonds with alternative maturity dates and stating that prior to the delivery
of said bonds the City would adopt an ordinance providing for the establishment and maintenance of sewage
disposal service charges sufficient to pay the principal and interest of the bonds and that the proceeds
derived therefrom would be pledged to the payment of the bonds; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to said notice, bids were received by the Board of City Commissioners of Las
Vegas on the 5th day of October, 1948 and the bid submitted by Paine, Webber, Jackson and Curtis, Chicago,
Illinois, for the purchase of the bonds	was	the	best and only bid submitted and	was for bonds maturing

serially $35,000.00 on the first day of	May	in the years 1949 to 1958, both inclusive; and

WHEREAS, on the 8th day of September, 1948, the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas duly
adopted Ordinance No. 364 providing for the imposition and collection of rates, fees and charges for the
use of the sewage disposal system and pledging the net revenues derived from the imposition of such rates,
fees and charges as additional security	for	the	payment of the Las Vegas Sewage	Disposal Plant Bonds, Series

of May 1, 1948, authorized by Ordinance	No.	353	as the same might thereafter be	amended of supplemented;	and

WHEREAS, in order to establish the maturity schedule and interest rate set forth in the bid of
Paine, Webber, Jackson and Curtis and accepted by resolution of the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas,
it is necessary that said Emergency Ordinance 353 be amended and supplemented.

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA DOES ORDAIN:

Section 1. That Section 2 of Emergency Ordinance No. 353 duly adopted by the Board of City Commis-
sioners of Las Vegas on the 23rd day of April, 1948, be and the same is hereby amended to read as follows,
to-wit:

"Section 2. That for the purpose of constructing a sewage disposal plant as part of and in con-
nection with the sewerage system of said City, for the use of the City of Las Vegas, pursuant to the powers
vested in said City and its Board of Commissioners under the Charter of said City and the general laws of the
State of Nevada, there be issued bonds of said City of Las Vegas designated "Las Vegas, Nevada, Sewage Dis-
posal Bonds, Series of May 1, 1948" in the aggregate principal amount of Three Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars
($350,000), consisting of 350 bonds in the denomination of $1,000.00 each, bearing interest at the rate of not
more than three per cent (3%) per annum, both principal and interest being payable at the office of the City
Treasurer in any coin or currency of the United States of America, which on the respective dates of payment
is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts, all dated as of May 1, 1948, numbered consecu-
tively from 1 to 350, both numbers inclusive, and maturing serially Thirty-five Thousand Dollars ($35,000.00)
on the first day of May in each of the years 1949 to 1958, both inclusive. Interest on said bonds shall be
payable semiannually commencing November 1, 1948 and on the first days of May and November in each year
thereafter until the principal of said bonds has been fully paid and discharged.

"Bonds numbered 176 to 350, both inclusive, maturing on and after May 1, 1954, are subject to re-
demption in inverse numerical order at the option of the City of Las Vegas on the first day of May, 1953,
or on any interest payment date thereafter prior to maturity at a price equal to the principal amount thereof
with accrued interest to the redemption date. Notice of redemption shall be given by the County Treasurer
of Clark County, Nevada, as Ex-officio Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas in the name of the City of Las
Vegas by publication of said notice at least once in each calendar week on any day for at least four succes-
sive weeks prior to the redemption date in a newspaper of general circulation in the City of Las Vegas and a
copy of such notice shall be sent by registered mail at least thirty days prior to the redemption date to
the purchaser or purchasers of said bonds. Such notice shall specify the number or numbers of the bonds to
be so redeemed (if less than all are to be redeemed) and the date fixed for redemption, and shall further
state that on such redemption date there will become and be due and payable upon each bond so to be redeemed
at the office of the City Treasurer the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption date,
and that from and after such date, interest will cease to accrue. Notice having been given in the manner
hereinbefore provided, the bond or bonds so called for redemption shall become due and payable on the redemp-
tion date so designated and upon presentation thereof at the office of the City Treasurer, together with all
appurtenant coupons maturing subsequent to the redemption date the City of Las Vegas will pay the bond or
bonds so called for redemption."

Section 2. That Section 4 of Emergency Ordinance No. 353 duly adopted by the Board of City Commis-
sioners of Las Vegas on the 23rd day of April, 1948, be and the same is hereby amended to read as follows,
to-wit:

"Section it. That said bonds and the coupons attached thereto shall be in substantially the following

form:
"UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA



LAS VEGAS SEWAGE DISPOSAL BONDS
SERIES OF MAY 1, 1948

No. ____ $1,000.00

"The City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for value received, hereby acknow-
ledges itself indebted and promises to pay to bearer the sum of

ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,000.00)

on the first day of May, A. D. 19	, with interest thereon at the rate of per centum (	%) per annum,

payable semiannually on the first days of May and November in each year upon presentation and surrender of this
bond and the attached coupons as they severally become due, both principal and interest being payable at the
office of the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada, in any coin or currency of the
United States of America which, on the respective dates of payment is legal tender for the payment of public
and private debts.

"*(This bond is subject to redemption at the option of the City of Las Vegas on the first day of May,
1953, or on any interest payment date thereafter at a price equal to the principal amount thereof with accrued
interest to the redemption date. Redemption shall be made upon not less than thirty days' prior notice by
publication in a newspaper of general circulation in the City of Las Vegas in the manner and upon the conditions
provided in the ordinance authorizing the issuance of this bond.)

"This bond is one of a series of bonds of like tenor issued by the City of Las Vegas for the purpose
of constructing a sewage disposal plant as part of and in connection with the sewerage system of said City, for
the use of the City of Las Vegas and its inhabitants and for defraying the cost thereof under the authority of
the Charter of said City and of an ordinance duly enacted pursuant thereto by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada. It is hereby certified that all acts and things required to be done and all condi-
tions and things required to exist precedent to and in the issuance of this bond to render the same lawful and
valid have happened, been done and performed and did exist in regular and in due form and in every manner as
required by law and that the total indebtedness of the City of Las Vegas including the indebtedness evidenced
by this bond does not exceed the statutory or constitutional limitations under the constitution and laws of
the State of Nevada and of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and it is further certified and recited that
provision has been made for the levy and collection of annual tax sufficient to pay the interest on this bond
and to discharge the principal thereof when and as the same severally becomes due.

"The full faith and credit of the City of Las Vegas are hereby pledged for the punctual payment of
the principal of and the interest upon this bond.

"IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas has caused this bond to be signed by its Mayor and by its
City Clerk and countersigned by the City Treasurer under the seal of the City of Las Vegas, all this first day
of May, A. D. 1948.



Countersigned:

City Treasurer

ATTEST:

City Clerk

"*(To be inserted in bonds numbered 176 to 350, both inclusive, maturing on and after May 1, 1954)

"(Form of Coupon)

No. ______                                                                                           $     

May

"On the first day of November, A. D. 19    *(unless the bond to which this coupon is attached has
been called for prior redemption) the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay the
bearer

_________________________________Dollars

at the office of the City Treasurer in Las Vegas, Nevada, in lawful money of the United States of America,
being six months' interest on its Sewage Disposal Bonds, Series of May 1, 1948.

Bond No.	_______(Facsimile Signature)_______________

City Treasurer

"*(To be inserted in coupons maturing after May 1, 1953 attached to bonds numbered 176 to 350, both
inclusive.)"

Section 3. That Section 7 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 353 adopted by the Board of City Commis-
sioners of Las Vegas on the 23rd day of April, 1948, be and the same is hereby amended to read as follows, to-wit:

"Section 7. The principal and interest falling due on said bonds on May 1, 1949 and the interest
falling due on November 1, 1949, shall be paid out of the general fund of said City, or any other funds that
may be available for such purpose, and there shall be levied in the year 1949 on all property both real and
personal, subject to taxation within the boundaries of said City, including the net proceeds of mines, a tax
sufficient to reimburse said fund or funds for such installments of interest and principal, and for the pur-
pose of creating a fund for the payment of said bonds and the interest thereon, there shall be levied in the
year 1949 and annually thereafter, a sufficient tax on all property, both real and personal, subject to taxa-
tion within the boundaries of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, including the net proceeds of mines,
sufficient to pay the interest on said bonds and to pay and retire the same as hereinabove provided; and pro-
vided further that in the preparation of the annual appropriation ordinance for the City, the Board of City
Commissioners shall first make proper provision, through the levy of sufficient taxes, for the payment of the
interest on and the retirement of the principal of the bonded indebtedness of the City, and the amount of
money necessary for this purpose, together with the amounts necessary for the payment of principal of and
interest on the other bonded indebtedness of the City, shall be a first charge against all of the revenue
received by said City. In any year in which the total taxes levied by all overlapping political subdivisions
and taxing units in Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, may exceed the limitation of five cents on the dollar
imposed by Section 2 of Article X of the Constitution of the State of Nevada, and it shall become necessary
by reason thereof to reduce the levies made in behalf of said City, the reductions so made shall be in taxes
levied for or by such City for purposes other than the payment of its bonded indebtedness and interest thereon,
and the taxes levied hereafter for the payment of such bonded indebtedness, and the interest thereon, shall
always enjoy a priority over taxes levied for or on behalf of such City for any other purposes where reduction
is necessary in order to comply with the limitations of said Section 2 of Article X of the Nevada constitu-
tion, or with the City Charter of Las Vegas, Nevada. Such tax shall be levied and collected in the same manner
and at the same time as other taxes are levied and collected, and the proceeds thereof shall be kept by the
County Treasurer in a special fund to be known as the "Sewage Disposal Bond Series of May 1, 1948, Fund",
which shall be used for no other purpose than	the payment	of	principal and interest as the	same fall due.

Such tax shall be levied in the year 1949 and	annually thereafter until	all of said bonds,	and the interest

thereon, shall have been fully paid, satisfied and discharged. Any sums coming due on said bonds at any time
when there are on hand from such tax levy or levies, insufficient funds to pay the same, shall be promptly
paid when due from general funds on hand belonging to the City of Las Vegas, reimbursement to be made to such
general funds in the sums thus advanced when taxes herein provided for shall have been collected.

Section 4. That nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to prevent the City of Las Vegas
from applying to the payment of the bonds authorized to be issued under Emergency Ordinance No. 353 duly
adopted by the Board of City Commissioners on the 23rd day of April, 1948, as amended and supplemented, any
funds available for that purpose, including the net revenues derived from the imposition of rates, fees and
charges for the use of the sewage disposal system in accordance with the provisions of Ordinance No. 364 duly
adopted by the Board of City Commissioners on	the 7th day	of	September,	1948, it being the	intention hereof

that the holder or holders from time to time of the bonds	so	authorized	to be issued shall	have the benefit

of all the covenants contained in this ordinance and in said Emergency Ordinance No. 353 and said Ordinance
No. 364.

Section 5. This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption, approval
and the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily news-
paper published in the City of Las Vegas for a period of once a week for a period of two weeks, immediately
after its final passage and approval at this meeting.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 10th day of November, A. D. 1948.

/s/ E. W. Cragin____________________

(SEAL)	Mayor

Attest:

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

Mayor	E. W. Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner	R. T. Baskin	"Aye"

Commissioner	C. R. Clark	"Aye"

Commissioner	Robert T. Moore	"Aye"

Commissioner	Reed Whipple	"Aye"

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

None.

(SEAL)	/s/ E. W. Cragin_____________________

Mayor

Attest:

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK) *

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING
REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
two weeks from Nov. 12, 1948 to Nov. 19th, 1948 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: Nov. 12-19 That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named

/s/ Dick Lochrie____________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th day of November, 1948

/s/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires Jan 12, 1951
-

ORDINANCE NO. 377

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING SPECIAL POLICE OFFICERS AND PRIVATE PATROLS; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS AND
COMMISSIONS FOR THE SAME; PROHIBITING THE WEARING OF BADGES AND EMBLEMS EXCEPT BY DULY COMMISSIONED PEACE OF-
FICERS; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDINANCE; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES
OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. For the purposes of this ordinance, the following words and phrases are defined, and shall
be construed as hereinafter set out, unless it shall be apparent from the context that they have a different
meaning:

(a)	"Board" shall mean the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

(b)	"Official Police Officer's Badge" shall mean a badge of the size, type and design as used by the
regular police force of the City of Las Vegas.

(c)	"Private Patrol" shall mean any person carrying on the business or occupation of night watchman,
night watch service, private policeman or any other occupation the purpose of which is to afford additional
police or fire protection for hire or reward.

(d)	"Special	Police	Officer's Badge" shall mean a badge of the size, type and design as designated

by the	Chief	of Police	of the	City of Las Vegas for the use of persons commissioned by the Chief of Police to

act as Special Police Officers as hereinafter provided. Such badge shall have enameled on the face thereof
"Special" in addition to any other words or device and shall so differ in shape and design from the official
police officers' badge as to be, when displayed or worn, readily distinguishable therefrom. All such badges
shall be consecutively numbered and the number shall appear on the face of each such badge.

(e)	"Special	Police	Officer" shall include any individual acting as a peace officer or a member of

a private patrol, club	guard,	bank guard, or an owner of a private patrol who actively engages in policing

duties, night watchman, other than a regular police officer of the City of Las Vegas.

(f)	"Regular Police Officers" shall mean all regular police officer members of the Police Depart-

ment of the City and sworn in as provided by law to perform the duties of peace officer and not retired from
active	duty, suspended or discharged;	under whatever designation	they may	be elsewhere described.

Section 2. Every person	who	shall seek a commission to	act as a	Special Police Officer shall make

application to the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas on regulation forms as prescribed by the Chief
of Police, which application must contain the following:

(a)	The name and address of the person to whom the commission is to be issued.

(b)	The duties of the person who required the issuance of said commission.

(c)	A description, two passport size photos, signature and fingerprint of the person to whom the
commission is to be issued;

(d)	The name and address and signed request of the employer of the applicant showing the necessity
for the issuance of said commission.

The Chief of Police must	first satisfy himself that the	granting	of said commission will	be	conducive

to	the	public welfare and safety,	and	for this purpose the Chief	of Police may consider any facts	or	evidence

bearing on the moral fitness and reputation of those seeking said commission, and any other facts or evidence
tending to enlighten said Chief of Police in this respect.

Section 3. Private patrols may be established upon proper application to the Chief of Police under
the following conditions:

(a)	PERMIT REQUIRED. No person shall manage, conduct or carry on the business of a private patrol,
unless under and by authority of a written permit from the Chief of Police, and upon payment of any fees as

 prescribed by this ordinance or any other ordinance of the City of Las Vegas.

(b)	APPLICATION FOR PERMIT. Permits required by the preceding subsection may be issued by said Chief
of Police upon the written application of any person, provided, that the Chief of Police must first satisfy
himself that the management, conduct and carrying on of such private patrol will be conducive to the public
welfare and safety, and for this purpose the Chief of Police may consider any facts or evidence bearing on

the moral fitness and reputation of those who will be in charge of said private patrol, and any other facts
or evidence tending to enlighten said Chief of Police in this respect. Said application for a permit must
contain the following:

(1)	The name and address of the person to whom the permit is to be issued.

(2)	The duties of the person who required the issuance of said permit.

(3)	A description, two passport size photos, signature and fingerprint of the person to whom the
permit is to be issued.

(c)	PERMIT SUSPENSION. Any permit to manage, conduct or carry on a private patrol may be temporarily
suspended by a written order signed by the Chief of Police.

(d) REVOCATION OF PERMITS. When the Chief of Police shall have issued any permit under the terms
of subsection (b) hereof, the same may be revoked at any time thereafter by said Chief of Police, if the said
Chief of Police becomes satisfied that the management, conducting or carrying on of such private patrol does
not or will not be conducive to the public welfare and safety for any reason, or that said private patrol
has been conducted in an illegal or improper manner. The Chief of Police may make rules governing the man-
agement, conducting or carrying on of private patrols, and may revoke or suspend permits issued for the
management or carrying on of any such occupation when the manager or person in charge thereof violates or
permits any infraction of any such rules, or any law of the State of Nevada, or any ordinance of this City,
including the provisions of this ordinance, provided, however, that no permit issued under authority of this
ordinance for the management, conducting or carrying on of any such private patrol shall be revoked unless a
hearing and notice be given the permittee in such manner as the Chief of Police may decide.

(e)	APPEAL. Upon the suspension or revocation of a permit as herein provided, the permittee may
 appeal to the Board of Commissioners for a review of the decision of the Chief of Police, and good cause

appearing therefor, upon the hearing of said appeal, the Board of Commissioners may overrule the decision
of the Chief of Police and reinstate the permit.

(f)	CHANGE OF LOCATION. The Chief of Police may allow a permittee to change the location of
the business office of his private patrol business without requiring a new permit to be obtained, upon
the filing of an application for such change of location and the payment of a fee of Five Dollars ($5.00).

(g) Any owner of a private patrol shall be deemed a Special Police Officer if actively engaged
in policing duties.

Section 4. Every person who shall secure a commission as a Special Police Officer or a permit
as an owner of a private patrol, shall be required to subscribe to an oath of office to be administered
by the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 5. "Special Police Officer" badges shall be issued by the Chief of Police and only to
persons who have secured commissions as Special Police Officer from said Chief of Police and who have paid
all fees required therefor by this ordinance or other ordinances of the City of Las Vegas, if so required.

Section 6. Every holder of said Special Police Officer's badge shall comply with the following
provisions and regulations:

(a)	It shall be the duty of every person to whom a special police officer's badge has been issued
to furnish and keep on file with the Chief of Police, a true home address of such person.

(b)	It shall be the duty of every person having a Special Police Officer's commission from the
Chief of Police to have on his person a special police officer's badge while performing the duties of a
special police officer.

(c) Any private patrol, guard, bank guard, night watchman or other person who wears a uniform
while performing any of the duties of his position as a Special Police Officer shall wear a special Police
officer's badge on the outside or front of his uniform so that the same is available at all times while
performing such work.

(d) No person shall wear or have in his possession any special police officer's badge unless said
badge has been regularly issued to such person in accordance with the provisions of this ordinance.

(e)	It shall be the duty of any person after he has severed his employment with any private patrol
or who has ceased to perform the duties which require the issuance of a special police officer's badge, to
return the Special Police Officer's badge to the Chief of Police.

(f)	The Chief of Police shall make a charge of Ten Dollars ($10.00) for the issuance of every
Special Police Officer's badge and for every badge issued to replace a lost badge which sum shall be con-
sidered as rental for the use of said badge, which shall at all times be and remain the property of the City.

(g) The Chief of Police shall also make a charge of Fifteen Dollars ($15.00) to cover the costs
of investigation of any applicant for a commission as a special police officer, or to cover the costs of an
investigation of an application for a permit to operate a business of private patrol.

(h)	The Chief of Police shall have the power and authority to adopt and prescribe the uniform to
be worn by all special police officers, guards, bank guards or other special officers required to wear bad-
ges, while performing the duties of such special police officer.

Section 7.

(a)	COMMISSION SUSPENSION. Any commission granted to any individual as a Special Police Officer
may be temporarily suspended by a written order signed by the Chief of Police.

(b)	REVOCATION OF COMMISSION. When the Chief of Police shall have issued any commission to any
individual as a Special Police Officer under the provisions of this ordinance, the same may be revoked at
any time thereafter by said Chief of Police, if said Chief of Police becomes satisfied that the issuance of
said commission to any individual as a Special Police Officer is not conducive to the public welfare and
safety for any reason, or that said commission as a Special Police Officer has been used in an illegal

or improper manner. The Chief of Police may revoke or suspend commission issued to any individual as a
Special Police Officer when such individual violates any law of the State of Nevada, or any ordinance of
this City, including the provisions of this ordinance.

Section 8. In addition to all other provisions of this ordinance every Special Police Officer

shall:

1.	Obey the laws of the United States, the State of Nevada, the City of Las Vegas, orders of the
courts, and all regulations governing Special Police Officers;

2.	Perform the duties of a Special Police Officer only at the specific location authorized by the
Chief of Police, or as assigned by the private patrol employing such Special Police Officer in accordance
with the permit issued to such private patrol.

3.	Be neat and clean of person and clothing or uniform, and maintain equipment in good order and
ready for immediate use;

4. Identify himself as a Special Police Officer and upon request give his name, badge number,
and employer's name;
5.	Cooperate with every law enforcement agency, and give such aid and information as such agency shall
be entitled to receive;

6.	Furnish the Chief of Police with any and all reports when requested:

7.	Upon discharging his firearm or becoming engaged in physical combat or serious altercation,
telephone the headquarters of the police division in which the incident occurred at once, giving a report to
the officer in charge, and thereafter, as soon as possible, make a full, written, signed report at a police
station;

8.	Return his Special Police Officer's badge to the Chief of Police immediately after he has sev-
ered his employment with any private patrol, or immediately after he has ceased to perform the duties of a
Special Police Officer;

9.	At no time conduct himself by word or manner to lead others to believe that he is a regular
police officer of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 9. No Special Police Officer shall:

1.	Carry a blackjack, or other deadly weapon, unless authorized by the Chief of Police, provided,
however, that said Special Police Officer may carry a firearm;

2.	Perform the duties of a Special Police Officer while under the influence of intoxicants;

3.	Partake of intoxicants while on duty as a Special Police Officer or while in uniform though
not on duty;

4. Permit anyone to use the commission or badge issued to him;

5.	Wear any uniform of a pattern, design, or in the semblance of the uniform duly adopted by the
Board of City Commissioners for the use of regular members of the Las Vegas Police Department, or wear any
badge or insignia of a pattern or design that may be mistaken for or confounded with the badge or insignia
of a regular police officer;

6.	Interfere with, or attempt to influence, the lawful business of any person;

7.	Loiter around, enter for purposes of patronizing, or patronize any house of ill fame or other
place used for prostitution, unlawful use of narcotics or prohibited drugs, or other places where immoral
or illegal acts or practices are carried on.

Section 10. No person shall work as a Special Police Officer in the City of Las Vegas, without
first having secured a commission from the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas, as in this ordinance
provided.

Section 11. No person shall manufacture, make, sell, design or transfer any Official Police Officer's
Badge or Special Police Officer's Badge without the written authorization of the Chief of Police therefor;
such person may deliver such badges only to the Chief of Police, and may manufacture only the number of badges
authorized by the Chief of Police. Nothing in this section shall be construed as affecting the manner in
which contracts for the purchases of badges by the City shall be let.

Section 12. It shall be unlawful for any person to wilfully wear, exhibit, use or wilfully make,
sell, loan, give, or transfer to another any badge, insignia, emblem, device, or any label, certificate,
card or writing, which falsely purports to be authorized for the use of one who by law is given the author-
ity of a peace officer, or which so resembles the authorized badge, insignia, emblem, device, label, certi-
ficate, card or writing of a peace officer as would deceive an ordinary reasonable person into believing
that it is authorized for the use of one who by law is given the authority of a police officer.

Section 13. PENALTY. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall, upon
conviction thereof be punished by a fine not to exceed Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment
in the City Jail not to exceed six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.



Section 14. REPEAL OF CONFLICTING ORDINANCES. All ordinances or parts of ordinances inconsistent
with the provisions of this ordinance, be and the same are hereby repealed.

Section 15. The provisions of this ordinance shall be severable, and if any of said provisions, or
the application thereof to any person, body or circumstances, shall be held to be invalid or unconstitutional,
the remainder of this ordinance, or the application of such provisions to persons, bodies or circumstances
other than those as to which it shall have been held invalid or unconstitutional, shall not be affected
thereby. It is hereby declared as the intent of the Board of Commissioners that this ordinance would have
been adopted had such invalid or unconstitutional provision, or the application thereof to persons, bodies
or circumstances as to which it shall have been held invalid and unconstitutional, not been included therein.

Section 16. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next
section provided, and final passage.

Section 17. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

MAYOR

/s/ Shirley Ballinger______

City Clerk

*

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 5th day of November, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Clark and
Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said Committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 7th
day of December, 1948, which was the next regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said regular
meeting held on the 7th day of December, 1948, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City
Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	None

APPROVED:

/s/ E. W. Cragin___________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of Commissioners for a second
time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 22nd day of December, 1948, and passed by the follow-
ing vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin__________________

Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger_________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING
REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously, published in said newspaper for a period
of two weeks from Dec 10th, 1948 to Dec 17th, 1948 inclusive, being the issued of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: Dec 10-17 That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of
the dates above named

/s/ Dick Lochrie_____________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th day of December, 1948

/s/ A. E. Cahlan_______________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires Jan 12, 1951

---oooOOOOOOOooo---

ORDINANCE NO. 378

AN ORDINANCE OF THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ESTABLISHING A LAND USE PLAN WITHIN THE CITY OF IAS
VEGAS, CREATING ELEVEN (11) DISTRICTS, REGULATING AND RESTRICTING: THE USE OF LAND, THE LOCATION AND USE OF
BUILDINGS AND OTHER STRUCTURES; THE HEIGHTS AND BULK OF BUILDINGS AND OTHER STRUCTURES; THE PROVISION OF OPEN
SPACES FOR LIGHT AND AIR; THE INTENSITY OF SUCH USES AND THE DENSITY OF POPULATION: ESTABLISHING BUILDING
SETBACK LINES; ADOPTING A MAP OF SUCH DISTRICTS; DEFINING THE TERMS USED HEREIN; PROVIDING FOR THE ADJUSTMENT
AND AMENDMENT THEREOF; REQUIRING THAT CERTAIN PERMITS SHALL BE SECURED FOR SUCH BUILDINGS, STRUCTURES AND
IMPROVEMENTS AND FOR THE USE THEREOF, AND OF LANDS; REQUIRING CERTAIN FEES; PROVIDING FOR ENFORCEMENT AND
PRESCRIBING PENALTIES FOR VIOLATION THEREOF, AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION I. GENERAL PURPOSES

A.	In order to conserve and promote the public health, safety, morals, and general welfare of the pre-
sent and future inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas by lessening or avoiding congestion in the public streets
or highways; to secure safety from fire, panic, and other danger; to provide adequate light and air; to pre-
vent the overcrowding of land; to avoid undue concentration of population; to facilitate the adequate provi-
sion of transportation, water, sewerage, schools, parks, and other public requirements; securing the character
of districts; conserving the value of buildings and property; encouraging the most appropriate use of land;
and by other means, in accordance with a comprehensive plan; there is hereby adopted and established a Land
Use Plan for the City of Las Vegas.

B.	To protect the character, social advantages and economic stability of agricultural, residential,
commercial, industrial and other areas within the City and to assure the orderly, efficient and beneficial
development of such areas.
C.	This plan is adopted pursuant to the authority of Chapter 110, Statutes of 1941, State of Nevada, and
all acts amendatory thereof and supplementary thereto, and shall be known as the Land Use Plan Ordinance of the
City of Las Vegas.

SECTION II. DEFINITIONS:

This Ordinance shall be known as the "Land Use Plan Ordinance", and for the purpose of this Ordinance, cer-
tain words and terms are defined as follows:

All words used in the present tense, include the future; all words in the singular number include the plur-
al, and the plural the singular; the word "building", includes the word "structure"; the word "lot" includes the
word "plot"; the word "shall", is mandatory and not directory; and the word "person" includes a firm, corpora-
tion, or municipal corporation as well as a natural person. The word "Map" shall mean the "Land Use Plan of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada." The term, "governing body" shall mean the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, and "Planning Commission" or "Commission" shall mean the City Planning Commission of the City
of Las Vegas, and the word, "City", shall mean the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation of this State of
Nevada. The word, "Used" shall be deemed to include the words, "arranged", "designed" or "intended to be used",
and the word, "occupied" shall be deemed to include the words, "arranged", "designed", or "intended to be oc-
cupied." The word "erect" shall include the words "construct", "reconstruct", "alter", "move in", or "move
upon"; the word "alter" shall include the word "enlarge". Chapter 110 of the 1941 Statutes of Nevada, as the
same may be amended from time to time, is referred to as the "Planning Act."

ACRE:

For the purpose of this Ordinance, in interpreting building site areas, an Acre of land shall be deemed to be
a "commercial acre" of forty-thousand (40,000) Sq. Ft., and a half (½) acre shall be half (½) of such area or
twenty-thousand (20,000) Sq. Ft. Such area shall be exclusive of public streets or alleys, or other public
rights of way, or lands, or any portion thereof abutting on, running through or within a building site.

ACCESSORY BUILDING:

(See Building, Accessory).

ACCESSORY LIVING QUARTERS:

Living quarters within an accessory building, located on the same premises with the main building, for the sole
use of persons employed on the premises; such quarters may have kitchen facilities but shall not be rented or
otherwise used as a separate dwelling except for persons employed on the premises or incidental to the agri-
cultural use of the land.

ACCESSORY USE:

(See Use, Accessory).

ADVERTISING:

Any writing, printing, painting, display, emblem, drawing, sign or other device, designed, used or intended
for outdoor advertising or any type of publicity or propaganda or lettering for the purpose of making anything
known, the matter advertised or displayed being remote from its origin or point of sale, whether placed on the
ground, rocks, trees, tree stumps, or other natural objects or on a building, signboard, poster panel, wall,
roof, frame, support, fences or other man-made structures or on any surface.

ADVERTISING SIGN:

The term "sign", shall be deemed to mean any outdoor advertising sign or outdoor advertising structure apply-
ing to the premises whereon displayed.

ADVERTISING STRUCTURE:

Any structure of ary kind or character erected or maintained for outdoor advertising purposes, upon which any
outdoor advertising or advertising sign may be placed, the name applying to the premises whereon displayed.

AGRICULTURE, LIGHT:

The tilling of the soil, the raising of crops, horticulture, small livestock farming, animal husbandry, includ-
ing all uses customarily incidental thereto insofar as the same shall apply only to such domestic animals per-
mitted, but not including dairying, livestock feed yards, hog ranches or the keeping of any hogs, slaughter
houses, fertilizer yards, mushroom plants, bone yards, or plants for the reduction of animal matter or any
other agricultural use which, in the opinion of the Planning Commission is similarly objectionable because of
odors, smoke, dust fumes or other reasons.

ALLEY:

A minor public thorough-fare other than a dedicated half-street, which is less than thirty (30) feet in width,
and upon which the rear of land or building lots generally abuts and which affords a secondary means of ve-
hicular access.

ALTER:

Any change or intended change in the structural members or other features of a building, including partitions,
plumbing, wiring, heating or other appurtenant equipment and/or to allow the building to be used for purposes
other than those uses permitted by this ordinance.

ANIMAL HOSPITAL:

A building, lot or premises in or upon which sick, injured or well animals are housed, confined, boarded,
treated, vaccinated, care for, bred, raised or handled as a business.
APARTMENT:

A room, or a suite of rooms, within an apartment house or an apartment hotel, either with or without kitchen
facilities, which is designed for, intended for, or occupied by one family.

APARTMENT, COURT:

(See Court, Apartment).

APARTMENT HOTEL:

A building or portion thereof under resident supervision, designed for or containing both individual guest
rooms or suite of rooms and dwelling units and which maintains an inner lobby through which all tenants must
pass to gain access to the apartments.

APARTMENT HOUSE:

Any building or portion thereof designed for or occupied by three (3) or more families living independently
of each other in apartments any two or more of which use any entrance or hall in common.

APARTMENT HOUSE, RESIDENTIAL:

A multiple dwelling designed for or occupied by three (3) or more families living independently of each
other in dwelling units any two or more of which use any entrance or hall in common.

AUTOMOBILE COURT:

An establishment of a commercial hotel or resort hotel nature consisting of a group of attached buildings, or
a group of two or more detached or semi-detached buildings containing guest rooms with garage attached or auto
storage space conveniently located to each unit, which group is designed or used primarily for accomodation of
automobile travelers or transients; including groups designated as auto cabins, motor lodges, motels and by
similar designations.

AUTOMOBILE PARKING SPACE:

(See Parking Space, Automobile.)

AUTOMOBILE SERVICE STATION:

Any building, structure, premises, inclosure or place used for the dispensing, sale of. offering for sale of
any fuels or oils to the motor vehicle trade, and having all pumps and storage tanks located wholly within
lot lines, but not including general mechanical or auto body repair, tire or battery rebuilding or steam
automobile washing. When such dispensing, sale or offering for sale of any fuels, or oils is incidental to
the conduct of a public garage, the premises shall be classified as a public garage.

AUTOMOBILE STORAGE SPACE:

A permanently maintained space on the same lot or parcel of land as is located the use which it is designed to
serve, of adequate size, location, accessibility and arrangement to permit the storage of one (1) automobile.

AUTOMOBILE & TRAILER SALES AREA:

An open area other than a street, alley, place, or any public way or grounds, used for the display, sale or
rental of new or used automobiles or trailers, and where no repair work is done except minor incidental re-
pair on automobiles or trailers to be displayed, sold or rented on the premises.

BASEMENT:

A story partly underground and having at least half (½) of its heights above the average level of the adjoin-
ing ground. A basement, when designed or occupied for dwelling, business or manufacturing purposes, shall be
counted as a story.

BAR:

(See Tavern)

BILLBOARD:

A surface whereon advertising matter is set in view conspicuously and which advertising does not apply to
premises whereon it is displayed.

BLOCK:

That property so designated on an official map of the City or part of the City, or bounded by streets, or by
a street or streets and railroad right of way, unsubdivided acreage, or other natural or physical barrier.

BUILDABLE AREA:

The buildable area of a lot, shall be the space remaining after the minimum open space requirements of this
Ordinance have been complied with.

BUILDING:

Any structure having a roof supported by columns or walls for the housing or inclosure of persons, animals,
or chattels. Where a dwelling is separated by a division wall without openings, each portion of such dwelling
shall be deemed a separate building, except in the case of attached accessory buildings or dwellings with
common-party walls.

BUILDINGS, ACCESSORY:

A detached subordinate building or portion of the main building, the use of which is incidental to that of
the main building on the same lot, and/or to the use of the land, and which is used exclusively by the
occupants of the main building. Where a substantial part of the wall of an accessory building is a part of
the wall of the main building in a substantial manner by a roof, such accessory building shall be counted as a
part of the main building.

BUILDING, HEIGHT OF:

The vertical distance from the grade to the ceiling of the topmost story.

BUILDING, MAIN:

A building devoted to the principle use of the lot on which it is situated. In any residential or suburban
district the dwelling shall be deemed to be a main building on the lot on which the same is situated.

BUILDING LINE:

A line between which, and any street line of a district, lot, tract or parcel of land, no buildings or parts
of buildings may be erected, altered or maintained, except as specified in Section VI of this Ordinance.

BUILDING LINE SET-BACK:

The distance between the building line and the street line in a district, lot, tract, or parcel of land.
BUILDING SITE:

The ground area of a building or buildings, together with all open spaces adjacent thereto as required by this
Ordinance.

BUNGALOW COURT:

A group of three (3) or more detached one (1) family dwellings located upon a single lot under one ownership,
together with all open space as required by this Ordinance and arranged around a court which opens onto an
officially approved street or place, having a separate outside entrance on the ground floor level for each
family unit and used for non-transient living accommodations.

BUSINESS:

(See Commerce)

CELLAR:

A story having more than one-half (½) of its height below the average level of the adjoining ground. A cel-
lar shall not be counted as a story for purposes of height measurement.

CLUB, PRIVATE:

An association of persons, whether incorporated or not incorporated, for the promotion of some common objec-
tive (but not including associations organized for any commercial or any business purpose, the object of which
is money profit) owning, hiring, or leasing a building or space in a building, of such extent and character
as may be suitable and adequate for the reasonable and comfortable use and accommodation of its members and
their guests.

CLINIC:

A building or institution of professional offices for the administration to persons (but not for the housing
thereof) of professional, medical or dental practice.

COMMERCE:

The purchase, sale, or other transaction involving the handling or disposition (other than is included in the
term "industry", as defined herein) of any article, substance or commodity for profit or livelihood, including
in addition, automobile courts, garages, office buildings, offices, outdoor advertising provided the same is
affixed to a billboard, advertising structure and/or otherwise in accordance with the requirements of this
ordinance, and outdoor advertising structures, recreational and amusement enterprises (except dance halls)
conducted for profit, and shops for the sale of personal services, but not including dumps and junk yards.

COMMERCIAL FEED YARD:

A tract of land improved with carrals, fences, building, or other improvements and used primarily for the feed-
ing and fattening of livestock for subsequent sale or dairying. (This includes feeding for garbage disposal.)

COURT:

An open unoccupied space other than a yard on the same lot with a building and bounded on two (2) or more
sides by such building.

COURT APARTMENT:

One (l), two (2), or three (3) apartment houses arranged around three (3) sides of a court which opens onto an
officially approved street or place.

DISTRICT:

A portion of the incorporated territory of the City of Las Vegas within which certain uses of land and build-
ings are permitted and certain other uses of land and buildings are not permitted and within which certain
yards and other open spaces are required and certain building site areas are established and certain height
limits are established for buildings and structures and for other purposes, all as set forth and specified
in this ordinance.

The term "R" district shall mean any R—A, R-E, R-1, R-2, R—3, or R-4 district. The term "C" district shall
mean any C-1, C-2, or C-S district. The term "M" district shall mean any M-1, or M-2 district.
In the following list each district shall be deemed to be more restricted than the districts succeeding it
and each district shall be deemed to be less restricted than the districts preceding it: R-1, R-2, R-3, R-4,

C-1, C-2, C-S, M-1, M-2.

DORMITORY:

A building or portion of a building containing sleeping accomodations including "cot-houses", "flop-houses"
and similarly designated uses, but not including hotels, lodging houses, boarding houses, hospitals, or
other approved institutional or similar uses.

DUMP:

A place used for the disposal, whether by deposition, abandonment, discarding, dumping, reduction, burial,
incineration, or by any other means, of any garbage, sewage, trash, refuse, waste material, offal or dead
animals; provided, however, that this definition shall not be deemed to include such means of disposal of
such substances as are customarily incidental and accessory to dwellings, institutions, and commercial,
industrial and agricultural uses.

DWELLING:

A building or portion thereof designed for, or occupied exclusively for residential purposes, including
one-family, two-family, and multiple dwellings, but not including apartment houses, apartment hotels,
hotels, clubs, dormitories, boarding or lodging houses, institutions or transient living accomodations of
any type.

DWELLING UNIT:

Two (2) or more rooms in a dwelling designed for or occupied by one (1) family for living or sleeping purposes
and having only one (1 kitchen.

DWELLING. ONE-FAMILY:

A detached dwelling designed for, or occupied exclusively by, one (1) family. When occupied by a related
family, not more than three (3) additional persons may be lodged or furnished meals therein. When occupied
by a non-related family, no additional persons may live or be furnished meals therein.

DWELLING. TWO-FAMILY:

A detached dwelling designed for, or occupied exclusively by, two (2) families, living independently of each
other, as separate, non-transient housekeeping units.

DWELLING. MULTIPLE:

A detached dwelling designed for, or occupied by three (3) or more families living independently of each
other as separate, non-transient housekeeping units, including row dwellings and residential apartment houses.

DWELLING. GROUP:

A group of two or more detached or semi-detached one-family, two-family, or multiple dwellings occupying a
parcel of land in one ownership and having any yard or court in common, including a bungalow court and
apartment courts, but not including auto courts or transient living accomodations of any type.

DWELLING. ROW:

A row of three or four attached single-family dwellings, not more than two (2) stories in height, nor more
than two (2) rooms deep.

FAMILY:

One (1) or more persons customarily living together as a single non-profit housekeeping unit and occupying a
dwelling unit or an apartment as distinguished form a group occupying a boarding house, lodging house, or
hotel as herein defined. A family shall be deemed to include necessary servants.

GAMING:

The term "gaming" shall be construed to mean and include all games or devices and any slot machines or slot
machines played for money or for checks or takens redeemable in money, except for the purpose of this ord-
inance only, the term "gaming" shall not be construed to include or mean slot-machines when such are
operated incidental or accessory to the conduct of a business permitted under the provisions of this ordinance.

GARAGE. PRIVATE:

An accessory building or portion of the main building, designed or used for the shelter or storage of self-
propelled vehicles owned or operated by the occupants of the main building or families resident upon the
same premises. Such garage, when in an R-1, R-2, R-3, or R-4 district shall not be used for more than one (1)
commercial vehicle per family resident upon the premises, and no such commercial vehicle shall exceed one (1)
ton capacity.

GARAGE. PUBLIC:

Any building or premises, except those herein defined as a private or storage garage, used for the storage
or care of self-propelled vehicles, or where any such vehicles are mechanically repaired, rebuilt or recon-
structed except general body or fender repair, or kept for hire or sale.

GARAGE, STORAGE:

Any premises other than those herein defined as a private garage or public garage, used exclusively for the
storage of self-propelled vehicles, and for no other purpose whatever.

GRADE:

1.	For buildings adjoining one (1) street only, the established elevation of the curb at the center of that
wall adjoining the street.
2.	For buildings adjoining more than (1) one street, the average of the established elevations of the curbs
at the centers of all walls adjoining streets.

3.	For buildings having no walls adjoining the street; the average level of the finished surface of the ground
adjacent to the exterior walls of the building.

4.	All walls approximately parallel to, and mot more than, 5' from the street line shall be considered as
adjoining the street.

GUEST HOUSE:

Living quarters within a detached accessory building located on the same premises with the main building, for
use by temporary guests of the occupants of the premises; such quarters having no kitchen and not rented or
otherwise used as a separate dwelling.

GUEST ROOM:

A room which is intended, arranged or designed to be occupied, or which is occupied by one (1) or more guests,
but in which no provision is made for cooking and not including dormitories for sleeping purposes.

HOG RANCHES:

Any premises used for the raising of keeping of hogs.

HOME OCCUPATION:

An occupation carried on by the occupant of a dwelling as an incidental or a secondary use in connection with
which there is no change in the character of the dwelling, and there is no display, no stock in trade nor
commodity sold on the premises, no assistants employed and no mechanical equipment uses except such as is
necessary for purely domestic purposes. Clinics, Surgeries, Hospitals, Barber Shops, Beauty Parlors, business
offices, and professional offices shall not be deemed home occupations.

HOTEL:

A building designed for, or occupied as, the more or less temporary abiding place of individuals who are lodged
with or without meals, in which there are four (4) or more guest rooms, and in which no provision is made for
cooking in any individual room or suite.

HOSPITAL:

A building or institution in which sick, injured, infirm or for other reasons, persons are, or intended to be,
housed for medical or surgical treatment or care.

INDUSTRY:

The manufacturing, fabrication, processing, reduction or destruction of any article, substance or commodity,
or any other treatment thereof, including in addition the following: animal hospitals; bottling works; build-
materials or contractor's yards; cleaning and dyeing establishments employing five (5) or more persons;
creameries; junk yards; steam and/or power launderies; lumber yards; milk bottling or distribution stations;
storage elevators, provided the same are incidental to a permitted use; truck or bus storage yards; warehouses
and wholesale storage; automobile body and fender repairing; carpenter, cabinet and mill work shops, plumbing
shops, tin smith or sheet metal shops, electrical shops, machine shops or any other kind of manufacture, fabri-
cation, compounding, treatment or processing of products purely incidental to the conduct of a retail business
when conducted on the premises of such retail business and occupying more than twenty (20) percent of the floor
space thereof.

JUNK YARDS:

The use of any lot, portion of a lot, tract of land, building, structure or other space for the storage,
salvage, sale, display, demolition, dismantling, keeping or abandonment of junk, including scrap materials,
paper, glass, or other scrap material which may or may not be partly or wholly assembled into useful objects,
of for the dismantling, demolition, or abandonment of automobiles, or other vehicles or machinery or parts
thereof.

KITCHEN:

Any room in a building which is uses, intended or designed to be used, for cooking or preparation of food,
including the term, "kitchenette."

LIGHT AGRICULTURE:

(See Agriculture, Light. )

LIVESTOCK FEED YARD:

(See Commercial Feed Yard.)

LOADING SPACE:

An off-street space or berth on the same lot with a building or contiguous to a group of buildings, for the
temporary parking of commercial vehicle while loading or unloading merchandise or materials, and which abuts
upon a street, alley or other appropriate means of access.

LODGING HOUSE:

A building, other than a hotel, with not more than five (5) guest rooms where, for compensation, lodging is
provided for four (4) but not more than ten (10) persons not members of a family occupying such building.

LOT:

A parcel of land occupied or to be occupied by a building, dwelling group, and accessory buildings or uses,
or other permitted use, and including the open space required under this Ordinance. A lot may be land so re-
corded on a plat of record, or considered as a unit of property and described by metes and bounds,
and which may include parts of or a combination of such lots, when adjacent to one another, providing such
grounds are uses for one improvement. All lots shall front on or have ingress and egress by means of an
officially approved public right of way or place.

LOT AREA:

The total horizontal area within the lot lines of a lot.

LOT, CORNER:

A lot not greater than seventy-five (75) feet in width situated at the intersection of two or more streets, or
bounded on two or more adjacent sides by street lines.

LOT, FRONT OF:

The front of a lot shall be considered to be that side of the lot which fronts on a street. In the case of a
corner lot, the narrow side fronting on the street shall be considered to be the front of the lot. In the
case a comer lot has equal frontage on two (2) streets, or in the case of a through lot, the lot shall be
considered to front on that street which the greatest number of buildings have been erected on that side of the
street within the same block, except in those cases where the latest deed restrictions or record map of a
tract specify another side or both sides as the front or fronts of such lot.

LOT. INTERIOR:

A lot other than a comer lot.

LOT LINES:

The boundary of a lot as defined herein.

LOT. THROUGH:

An interior lot having frontage on two (2) parallel or approximately parallel streets.

NON-CONFORMING USE:

A building structure or land lawfully occupied at the time this Ordinance became effective by a use that does
not conform with the use regulations of the district in which it is located.

OUTDOOR ADVERTISING:

(See Advertising.)

PARKING AREA. PUBLIC:

An open area, other than a street, alley, place or any public right of way, used for the temporary parking of
more than four (4) automobiles and available for public use whether free, for compensation or as an accom-
modation for clients or customers.

PARKING SPACE. AUTOMOBILE:

Space within a building or public parking area exclusive of driveways, ramps, columns, offices or work areas,
for the temporary parking or storage of one (1) automobile.

PLACE:

An open, unoccupied public or private space other than a street or alley, permanently reserved and permitting
joint access to abutting property.

PROFESSIONAL OFFICE:

A building of more or less residential but not commercial character, and containing one or more offices, in
which or where there is no display of nor stock or wares in trade nor commodity sold nor any commercial use
conducted other than the professional service as herein defined. For the purpose of this Ordinance, Pro-
fessional Office shall include the office of a doctor, dentist, lawyer, architect, engineer, minister of
religion, insurance agent, realtor or similar professions or professional services, but shall not include
barber shopes, beauty parlors nor similar services nor general business offices.

RANCH ESTATE:

A one-family dwelling having a building site of not less than one (1) acre together with such agricultural
and accessory uses as are permitted.

RESIDENCE:

(See Dwelling.)

RESIDENCE ESTATE:

A one-family dwelling having a building site of not less than one-half (½) an acre together with such agri-
cultural and accessory uses as are permitted.

REST HOME:

A building of residential character in which aged, infirm or other persons recuperating from medical or
surgical treatment are housed, but not a hospital, sanitarium or clinic.

ROOMING HOUSE:

(See Lodging House.)
ROW DWELLINGS:

(See Dwelling, Row.)

SANITARIUM:

A building or an institution for the recuperation and treatment of, persons with physical or mental disorders.
SIGN. ADVERTISING:

(See Advertising Sign.)

SLAUGHTER HOUSE:

A place where cattle, sheep, hogs, or other animals are killed or butchered for market or for sale, provided,
however, that this shall not be taken to mean or to include the killing of poultry or rabbits as permitted by
this Ordinance.

SMALL LIVESTOCK FARMING:

The raising, and/or keeping of more than twelve (12) fowl of any kind, and/or twelve (12) rabbits or Twelve
(12) similar animals; any goats, sheep or similar livestock but not hogs; or the breeding, raising and/or
keeping of any cats or dogs; provided, however, that the term "small livestock farming" as used in this Ord-
inance, shall not include animal hospitals, commercial cat or dog kennels, hog raising or the keeping of any
hogs, dairying, or the keeping, raising or breeding for commercial purposes of horses, cattle or similar
livestock as determined by the Planning Commission.

STABLE. COMMERCIAL:

A stable for horses which are let, hired, used, boarded or sold on a commercial basis and for remuneration.
STABLE, PRIVATE:

A detached accessory building for the keeping of horses which are owned and used by the owners or occupants
of the property and their guests without remuneration.

STORY:

That portion of a building included between the surface of any floor and the surface of the floor next above
it, or if there be no floor above it, then the space between such floor and the ceiling next above it.

STREET:

An approved public or private thoroughfare having a width of thirty (30) feet or more and upon which the front
of building lots generally abuts and which affords principle means of access to abutting property.

STREET LINE:

The boundary between a street and abutting property.

STRUCTURE:

Anything constructed or erected, the use of which requires location on the ground or attachment to something
having location on the ground.

STRUCTURAL ALTERATION:

Any change in the supporting members of a building which would prolong the life or add to the permanence of a
building or structure, such as foundations, bearing walls, columns, beams, girders, floor joists or roof joists.

TAVERN:

A place where alcoholic liquors are sold at retail to the general public, and where no other kind of business
is, or businesses are, being maintained or conducted.

TOURIST COURT:

(See Automobile Court.)

TOURIST HOME:

A building in which board or lodging, or both, are offered to the traveling public for compensation, open to
transient guests, in contradistinction to a boarding house or a lodging house.

TRANSIENT:

When to define living accommodations, shall be deemed to describe such accommodations when customarily used
or furnished for a period of 48 hours or less.

TRAILER:

A residence, house car, camp car, or any portable structure or mobile vehicle, on wheels, skids, or rollers,
not structurally anchored to a foundation, either self-propelled, or propelled by an attached vehicle, animal,
person, or other propelling apparatus, which is used and may be used for residential, living or sleeping
quarters, commercial, hauling, or storage purposes, and herein referred to as a trailer. Removal of the
wheels, skids, rollers, or other equipment used for moving a trailer shall not change the meaning of the term.

TRAILER CAMP OR PARK:

Any parcel of land used in whole or in part for the parking or storage of trailers used or intended to be used
for, housekeeping, living or sleeping quarters.
USE:

The purpose for which land or premises, or a building thereon is designed, arranged or intended, or for which
it is or may be occupied or maintained.

USE, ACCESSORY:

A use incidental and accessory to the principal use of a lot or a building located upon the same lot as the
accessory use. Any agricultural use in any "RA", "RE", or "R" District shall be deemed to be an accessory use
to the use for residence purposes of the lot upon which such agricultural use is conducted.

YARD:

An open space other than a court, which is a portion of a lot, unoccupied and unobstructed from the ground
upward, except as otherwise provided herein.

YARD. FRONT:

A yard extending across the front of the lot between the side lot lines and measured from the front line of
the lot and to:

(a)	The nearest line of the main building;

(b)	The nearest line of any enclosed or covered porch, provided,

however, that if any official plan or building set-back line has been established for the street upon which
the lot faces or if any future width line has been specified therefor in Section XX of this Ordinance, then
such measurement shall be taken from such official plan line or such future width line to the neares line of
the building.

YARD. SIDE:

A yard extending from the front yard of the building site to the front line of the required rear yard and
lying between the side line of the building site and the nearest line of any building or enclosed or covered
porch or the extension of said latter line; provided, however, that exterior side yards on corner building
sites shall extend for the full depth of the building site and to the rear line thereof.

YARD, REAR:

A yard extending across the rear of the building site between the side lines thereof and of the depth from the
rear lot line as required by the regulations specified herein for the district occupied, except for the
special side yard provision for corner building sites. In the case of a through-lot where a rear yard thereof
abuts on a street, it must meet front yard requirements.

SECTION III
SHORT TITLE

A.	This ordinance may be cited as "The Zoning Ordinance - City of Las Vegas, Nevada."

SECTION IV

DISTRICTS ESTABLISHED:

A.	In order to classify, regulate, restrict, and segregate the uses of land and buildings; to
regulate and restrict the height and bulk of buildings, and to regulate the area of yards and other open
spaces about buildings, and to carry out the purpose of this ordinance, eleven (11) classes of districts are
established, to be known as follows:

R-A Ranch Estate District

R-E Residence Estate District

R-1 Single-Family Residence District

R-2 Two-Family Residence District

R-3 Limited Multiple Residence District

R-4 Apartment Residence District

C-1 Limited or Neighborhood Commercial District

C-2 General Commercial District

C-S General Commercial Special District

M-1 Light Industry District

M-2 Heavy Industry District

The aforesaid districts and the boundaries of such districts are shown and delineated on that
certain map entitled, "Land Use Plan - City of Las Vegas, Nevada" and said map with all notations, re-
ferences, dimensions, designations, and other information shown thereon is hereby adopted and made a part of
this ordinance by this reference.

B.	It is hereby declared that in the creation by this Ordinance of the respective classes of dis-
tricts, set forth herein, the Board of City Commissioners has given due and careful consideration to the
peculiar suitability of each and every such district for the particular regulations applied thereto, the
location and extent of each district and the necessary proper and comprehensive groupings and arrangement
of the various uses and densities of population in accordance with a well considered plan for the develop-
ment of the City, and in desirable relation to established plans in adjoining municipalities and un incorp-
orated areas of the County of Clark.

The boundaries of such districts as are shown upon the map adopted by this Ordinance or amend-
ments, subsequent changes or supplements thereto, as are accomplished by the provisions of this ordinance,
are hereby adopted and approved and the regulations of this Ordinance governing the use of land, building,
and structures, the height of buildings and structures, and other matters as hereinafter set forth, are
hereby established and declared to be in effect upon all land included within the boundaries of each and
every district shown upon said Maps.

In the event that any land may, at the time of adoption of this Ordinance or at any time sub-
sequent thereto, be included within the corporate boundaries of the City of Las Vegas, but shall not be
delineated on the said "Land Use Plan" said land shall be automatically classified as in the R-A district
until otherwise classified by amendment.

SECTION V.

BOUNDARIES OF DISTRICTS.

A.	Where uncertainty exists as to the boundaries of any district shown on said map, the following
rules shall apply:

1. Where district boundaries are indicated as approximately following or paralleling street lines,
alley lines, lot or property lines, as they exist at the time of enactment of this ordinance, such lines shall
be construed to be such boundaries;

2. In unsubdivided property or where the district boundary divides a lot, the location of such
loundary, unless the same is indicated by specific dimensions, shall be determined by use of the scale appear-
on the Map;

3.	In case any further uncertainty exists, the Planning Commission shall interpret the intent of the
Map as to the location of such boundaries;

4.	Where any public street or alley is officially vacated or abandoned, the regulations applicable
to each parcel of abutting property shall apply to that portion of such street or alley added thereto by virtue
of such vacation of abandonment.

SECTION VI.

GENERAL PROVISIONS AND EXCEPTIONS.

A.	USES:

1.	It shall be unlawful for any person to erect, construct, establish, alter, add to, or enlarge, or
to cause or permit to be erected, constructed, established, altered or enlarged, or to use or occupy or permit
to be used or occupied, any land, building or premises for any purpose or in any manner contrary to the pro-
visions of this Ordinance as to uses permitted or excluded, building height limit or bulk, building site area
required, front, side or rear yards required or distance between buildings required, building line or setback,
applicable to the particular district in which such land, building or premises is located.

2.	The express enumeration and authorization herein of a particular class of building, structure,
premises or use in a designated district shall be deemed a prohibition of such building, structure, premises
or use in all districts of more restrictive classification, except as otherwise, specified.

3. Uses other than those hereinafter specifically mentioned as uses permitted in each of the districts
may be permitted therein, provided such uses are similar to those mentioned and are in the opinion of the
Planning Commission not more obnoxious or detrimental to the welfare of the community than the permitted uses
specifically mentioned in the respective districts.

4.	Uses other than those specifically mentioned as uses excluded from each of the districts may be
excluded therefrom, provided such uses are in the opinion of the Planning Commission not less obnoxious or
detrimental to the welfare of the Community than the excluded uses specifically mentioned in the respective
districts.

5.	The uses of all buildings are property publicly owned and engaged in the performance of a public
function may be permitted in any district or zone herein described, provided such use is not obnoxious or
detrimental to the welfare of the community.

6.	The following accessory uses, in addition to those hereinafter specified, shall be permitted in
any "R" district, provided that such accessory uses do not alter the character of the premises in respect to
their use for the purposes permitted in such respective districts:

(a)	The renting of rooms and/or the providing of table board in a dwelling as and incidental use to
that of its occupancy as a dwelling of the character permitted in the respective district, but not
to the extent to constituting a lodging house, boarding house or hotel as defined in this ordinance J
unless permitted in the district.

(b)	In addition to any other signs permitted by this ordinance, signs not exceeding in the aggre-
gate six (6) square feet in area for each lot may be displayed for the purpose of advertising the
sale of lease of any property upon which displayed. Such signs shall be located within the lot and
not less than ten (10) feet from any property line of the lot.

No name plate or signs shall be displayed upon any premises in the R-1, R-2, R-3, or R-4 districts
other than one sign not exceeding one-half (½) square foot in area and containing only the name of
the occupant or of the premises. No flashing or blinking light shall be placed upon such signs.

Where there are more than two offices, or if there be one entrance only the same may be grouped.

B.	HEIGHT OF BUILDINGS.

1.	The permitted height of buildings, for the purposes of this Ordinance, shall be exclusive of
roof structures as may be defined in the Building Code of the City of Las Vegas.

2.	Structures exceeding the permitted height limit, Penthouses or roof structures for the housing
of elevators, stairways, tanks, ventilating fans or similar equipment required to operate and maintain the
building, and fir or parapet walls, skylights, towers, roof signs, flagpoles, chimneys, smokestacks, wireless
masts or similar structures and necessary mechanical appurtenances may be erected above the height limits
herein prescribed, except where such may be deemed to interfere with aerial navigation, but no penthouse or
roof structure, or any space above the permitted height limit of buildings shall be allowed for the purpose
of providing additional floor space.

C.	BUILDING SITE AREAS:

1.	The requirements of this ordinance as to minimum building site area shall not be construed to
prevent the use for a single-family dwelling of any lot or parcel of land other than in the M—2 District in
the event that such lot or parcel of land is:

(a)	Shown separately on or hereafter upon any official subdivision map duly approved and recorded
in the manner provided by law, or
(b)	Deeded by a deed of record prior to the adoption of this ordinance, or

(c)	Subject to a recorded contract of sale in full force and effect at the time this ordinance

becomes effective.

2. No portion of any lot or parcel of land which has been designated or used as any part of a
building site area or yard as required by this Ordinance shall be included as apportion of an area or yard
for another building of said inclusion will reduce the building site area or yard required for the original
lot or parcel of land to less than the minimum building site area or dimension of yard required for the land
use district in which such property os located.

3.	No lot or parcel of land held under separate ownership at the time this Ordinance became effective,
shall be reduced in any manner below the minimum lot area, size or dimensions required by this Ordinance.

4. No lot area shall be so reduced, diminished and maintained that the yards, other open spaces or
total lot area, shall be smaller than prescribed by this Ordinance, nor shall the density of population be
increased in any manner except in conformity within the regulations herein established.

5.	Every building hereafter erected shall be located on a lot as herein defined. In no case shall
there be more than one (1) main residential building and its accessory buildings on one (1) lot. Dwelling
groups may be considered as one (1) main residential building.

6.	No building permit shall be issued for a building or structure on a lot which abuts a street
dedicated to a portion of its required width and located on that side thereof from which no dedication was
secured, unless the yards provided on such lot include both that portion of the lot lying within the future
street and required yards.

D.	YARDS:

1.	Where yards are required in this Ordinance, they shall not be less in depth or width than the
minimum dimension specified on any part, and they shall be at every point open and unobstructed from the
ground to the sky, except as follows:

(a)	Outside stairways, fire escapes, porches, or landing places, if unroofed and unenclosed, may
extend into a required side yard for a distance not to exceed three (3) feet and/or into the required rear
yard for a distance not to exceed four (4) feet.

(b)	Cornices, canopies, eaves or other similar architectural features not providing additional
floor space within the building may extend into a required yard not to exceed two (2) feet. On pergola and/or
one covered, but unenclosed (except supporting columns and customary architectural features) passenger landing
not more than one (1) story in height may extend into either side yards, provided that its other horizontal
dimension shall not exceed twenty-two (22) feet, but such enclosure shall not be closer than three (3) feet

to an adjoining lot.

(c)	Overhead utilities or wires or other aerial appurtenances as are necessary to the use of the

premises.

(d) A detached accessory building not exceeding fourteen (14) feet in height, may be permitted to
occupy a rear yard, provided that not more than one-third (1/3) of the total area of such rear yard shall be
so occupied.

(e)	On any comer lot in any "R" District there shall be no planting, nor vegetation, structure,
fences, shrubbery or obstruction to vision more than three and one-half (3½) feet higher than the curb level
within twenty-five (25) feet of the intersection of any two street curb lines, provided, however, that shade
trees or other plants or vegetation of sufficient height to permit sight distance one street to the other under
the lowest branches of foliage thereof may be permitted and maintained.

(f)	In any "R" Districts, no building shall be erected, reconstructed, or altered nearer to the
street line on which it faces than the average setback observed by seventy-five (75) percent of the buildings
on the same side of the street and fronting thereon within the same block at the time of the passage of this
Ordinance, except for the provisions of Section XX of this ordinance. Where there are buildings on only one side
of a street within the block at the time of the passage of this Ordinance, the setback line for the unoccupied
shall be the same as that established on the occupied side as hereinbefore provided.

E.	DISTANCE BETWEEN BUILDING:

No detached dwelling, or other main building, shall be less than ten (10) feet from any other de-
tached dwelling or main building on the same building site.

F.	ACCESSORY BUILDINGS:

1.	Accessory buildings located in a rear yard of "R-3" or "R-4" Districts, or in "RA", "RE", "R-1"
or "R-2" Districts when the main building is two (2) stories in height, may be increases in height by one (1)
story upon the securing of a use permit which permit shall specify the conditions under which such additional
height will be permitted.

2.	No detached accessory building shall exceed two (2) stories in height.

3. No accessory building shall be erected, constructed or moved on any lot in any "R" District
prior to the construction of the main building thereon, except that this shall not be construed to prohibit
the construction of an accessory building prior to the construction of a main building when a building permit
has been issued for the concurrent construction of such building, or for accessory living quarters in and R-A
or R-E District, or for an accessory building incidental to the use of the land.

G.	FENCES AND WALLS:

1.	Fences or walls not exceeding six (6) feet in height above the normal grade at the nearest lot
line or points thereon, may occupy any portion of a side or rear yard in any RA, RE or R District provided,
however that in such Districts where any such fence or wall projects beyond the front yard line or setback
line toward the front property line, the following further restrictions shall apply:

(a) Any such fence or wall in any RA or RE District shall not exceed four and one-half (4½) feet
in height and shall be constructed so that not more than fifty percent (50%) of the vertical surface thereof
above three (3) feet is solid wall.

(b)	Any such fence or wall in any R-1, R-2, R-3 or R-4 District shall not exceed four (4) feet in
height, and shall be constructed so that not more than fifty percent (50%) of the vertical surface thereof
above a height of two (2) feet solid wall.

(c)	Planted hedges projecting beyond the front yard line in RA, RE or R Districts shall not exceed the
maximum heights permitted for fences or walls as specified for such districts under sub-paragraphs (a) and (b)
immediately above.

(d)	No such fence, wall or hedge shall be erected or maintained on the public property beyond the
front property line of any lot or parcel of land except masonry or concrete retaining walls and then only to
a height not to exceed six (6) inches above the grade of the earth such wall is constructed to retain, pro-
vided a permit is first secured from the City of Las Vegas approving the necessity for and type of such re-
taining wall.

H.	PROVISION FOR STORAGE OR PARKING OF AUTOMOBILES:

There shall be provided at the time of the construction of any main building hereafter erected or at
the time of the alteration or enlargement of any main building, minium permanently-maintained off-street
parking accomodations, with adequate provisions for ingress and egress as follows:

(a) In connection with each lot or parcel of land classified in the "R", "C" or "M" Districts and
used for a single-family dwelling, duplex-dwelling, residential apartment house, apartment house, bungalow
court, dwelling group, or any other multiple family use of a lot or parcel of land, there shall be provided
a private automobile storage space, located on the same lot or parcel of land, with a capacity for not less
than one (1) car for each single-family unit in such building hereafter erected or added to by such enlargement.

(b)	Public Parking Areas - Automobile and Trailer Sales Areas: Every parcel of land hereafter used
as a Public Parking Area or Automobile and Trailer Sales Area shall be developed as follows, subject to the
approval of plans by the Planning Commission.

Such area shall be paved or otherwise adequately and satisfactorily surfaced, shall have appropriate
bumper guards where needed, and shall be properly enclosed with an ornamental fence, wall or compact evergreen
hedge, having a height of not less than two (2) feet nor more than Six (6) feet. Such fence, wall or hedge shall
be maintained in good condition and observe the required front yard, and the required side yard along the
street side of a corner lot, of the district in which it is located, and such required front or side yards
shall be landscaped with evergreen or suitable ground cover and properly maintained.

Where such area adjoins the side of a lot in an "RA", "RE", or "R" District, no parking shall be
permitted within six (6) feet thereof, and within the six (6) foot strip thus provided, an ornamental fence
or wall erected, or a compact evergreen hedge shall be planted, and maintained at a height of not more than
six (6) feet.

Such area shall be properly and adequately lighted, and any lights used to illuminate said parking
areas shall be so arranged as to reflect the light away from adjoining premises, in any "RA", "RE", or "R"
District.

(c)	On the same premises with every building, structure or part thereof, erected and occupied for
commercial or manufacturing use, or other uses similarly involving the receipt of distribution by vehicles,
of materials or merchandise, there shall be provided and permanently maintained on the lot, adequate space
for standing of vehicles, loading and unloading services, in such manner as not to obstruct the freedom of
traffic movement upon the public streets or alleys. Such space, unless otherwise adequately provided for.
shall include not less than a fifteen (15) foot by twenty-five (25) foot loading space with fourteen (14) foot
height clearance, and which space shall be provided with access to an alley, or if no alley adjoins the lot,
then with access to a street.

(d)	Any public or semi-public automobile parking or storage area including such lands or premises
as are used for or incidental to automobile parkings, sales, storage, service, or any type of "drive-in"
business or service or similar uses where vehicles other than those incidental to such to such use commonly
use the lands, or premises in connection with any use in any "R", "C" or "M" District shall be paved or
otherwise suitably, adequately, or satisfactorily surfaced so as to be dust-proof, and provided, further, that
all such uses existing at the effective date of this Ordinance shall comply with this requirement within one
(1) hear of enactment thereof.

(e) Any lands or premises used for any public or semi-public automobile parking, storage, sales,
service, public garage, or any type of "drive-in" business or service or similar uses where vehicles re-
gularly and customarily require access to and ingress and egress upon such premises from any public street
or alley, shall be so designed that entrance and exit drives, openings and/or approaches for ingress and
egress by vehicles will be accomplished in the safest, most desirable and functional manner with relation

to vehicular and pedestrian traffic in the streets upon which such use abuts. Such entrance and exit openings
and driveways shall not exceed twenty-five (25) feet in width, and in no case shall any such "drive-in"
service be permitted to use the entire street frontage upon which such abuts for entrance or exit facilities.
Detailed plans for driveway openings or curb cuts therefore shall be submitted for approval with regard to the
location and relation of same to the public streets or highways. All such lands or premises devoted to the
uses herein described and existing at the effective date of this Ordinance shall comply with the requirement
within one (1) year of enactment hereof.

I.	PREMATURE CLEARING OF LANDS:

No lands shall be cleared of vegetation, graded, or the natural ground surface thereof otherwise
disturbed so as to create a dust nuisance unless and until a permit and/or Certificate of Occupancy has been
duly issued for the proposed land use, construction or development as authorized by this Ordinance. In the
case of clearing and/or grading for a new subdivision development, the approval of a tentative map by the
Governing Body, including approval of designated improvements therein, shall be deemed to be authorization
for the clearing or grading of only such lands or portion thereof as the subdivider proposes to immediately
improve and record as a final map.

J.	INTERPRETATION OF ORDINANCE:

In interpreting and applying the provisions of this ordinance, they shall be held to be the
minimum requirements adopted for the promotion of the public health, safety, morals, comfort, prosperity,
convenience and general welfare. Except as specifically herein provided, it is not intended by this ordinance
to repeal, abrogate, annul or in any way to impair or interfere with any existing provision of law or
ordinance, or any rules, regulations or permits previously adopted or issued, or which shall be adopted or
issued pursuant to law relating to the use of land, use of buildings or premises, or relating to the erection,
construction, establishment, moving, alteration, or enlargement of any buildings or improvements; nor is it
intended by this ordinance to interfere with or abrogate or annul any easement, private covenants, deed
restrictions or other agreement between parties; provided, however, that in cases in which this ordinance
imposes a greater restriction upon use of land, the erection, construction, establishment, moving, alteration,
or enlargement of buildings or the use of any such building or premises in said several districts or any of
them upon the height and bulk of buildings, or requires larger yards, courts or other open spaces, them is
imposed or required by such existing provisions of law or ordinance or by such rules, regulations or permits,
or by such easements, private covenants, deed restrictions or agreements, then in such cases the provisions
of this ordinance shall prevail and control. Private covenants or deed restrictions which impose conditions
more restrictive than those imposed by this ordinance or which impose restrictions not covered by this
ordinance are not superseded by this ordinance.

SECTION VII. EXISTING USES.

A.	Any otherwise lawful use of land, structures, buildings or premises existing at the time of this
Ordinance becomes effective, but not conforming to the provisions hereof, may be continued, provided;

1.	That if such non-conforming use is discontinued or abandoned, the use of such land thereafter
shall be subject to the provisions of this Ordinance.

2.	That no building used for such non-conforming use shall be added to, structurally altered or
enlarged in any manner, except as required by any other ordinance of the City or County or by State
Law, or in order to bring the building and its use into full conformity with the provisions of this
Ordinance pertaining to buildings hereafter constructed; nor shall anything be done that would in-
fluence the longevity or perpetuation of such non-conforming use or building beyond the normal or
reasonable period of time that the same would normally exist under the conditions prevailing at the
effective date of this Ordinance.

3.	That no non-conforming use occupying a conforming building or portion thereof, or occupying any
land shall be enlarged or extended into any other portion of said building not actually so occupied
at the effective date of this Ordinance.

4.	That the re-establishment of a discontinued non-conforming use of a building may be permitted
within one (1) year of such discontinuance;

B.	Any building or portion thereof in existence prior effective date of this Ordinance which is
specifically designed or arranged to be lawfully occupied or used in a manner not conforming to the pro-
visions of this Ordinance, may thereafter be so occupied or used, subject to the limitations hereinabove set
forth for existing non-conforming uses. The term "in existence" shall include, for the purposes of this
section only, any building under actual construction at said date, provided such building be completed within
one (1) year from said date.

C.	No building which has been damaged or partially destroyed to the extent of more than fifty per
cent (50%) of its value shall be repaired, moved, or altered except in conformity with the provisions of this
Ordinance pertaining to buildings hereafter erected.

D.	The provisions of this section shall apply to uses which become non-conforming by reasons of any
amendment to this Ordinance, as of the effective date of such amendment.

E.	Regardless of any other provision of this ordinance, any junk yard, as defined in this ordinance
which, after the adoption of this ordinance, exists as a non-conforming use, is hereby declared to be a
public nuisance, and shall be abated, removed or changed to a conforming use within one (1) year from and
after the date of the adoption of this ordinance.

SECTION VIII. RA (RANCH ESTATE) DISTRICT REGULATIONS.

A.	Uses permitted:

1.	One-family dwellings of a permanent character, placed in a permanent location, containing not
more than one (1) kitchen, and used by but one family.

2.	The following light agricultural uses:

(a)	Field crops, truck gardening, berry or bush crops, tree crops, flower gardening, nurseries,
greenhouses, orchards, aviaries, apiaries.

(b)	Farms devoted to the hatching, raising and marketing of chickens, turkeys, or other poultry,
fowl, rabbits, fish, frogs; provided, however, that no killing or dressing of poultry or rabbits
shall be permitted other than the poultry or rabbits raised on the premises and that such killing
or dressing is done in an accessory building.

(c)	Sale of any of the products of any of the aforementioned permitted uses upon the premises
upon which such products are produced; provided, that no permanent or commercial building shall
be constructed primarily for such sale.

(d)	Small Livestock Farming, the keeping, breeding and raising of domestic animals as an inci-
dental use, but not for commercial purposes.

3.	Uses suctomarily incidental to any of the above uses, including home occupations or the office
of a physician, dentist, minister of religion or other similar profession, provided (a) that
such office is situated in the same dwelling unit as the home of the occupant; (b) that such

office shall not be used for the general practice of medicine, surgery, dentistry, but may be used for con-
sultation and emergency treatment as an adjunct to a principal office; and (c) that there shall be no
assistants employed.

4.	Accessory buildings, including a private garage, accessory living quarters, guest house, re-
creation room, a detached stable, barn, corral, pen, coop, kennel, poultry or rabbit killing and dressing room,
or other similar structure, when located not less than one hundred (100) feet from the front lot line nor
less than twenty-five (25) feet from any other lot line nor closer than twenty (20) feet to any dwelling on
the same lot, Accessory living quarters, guest house or a recreation room may be erected above a private
garage in accordance with the provisions of this ordinance.

5.	Name Plates & Signs: One name plate for each swelling unit, not exceeding three (3) square feet
in area, indicating the name of the occupant or permitted occupation; one single or double-faced sign not
exceeding twelve (12) square feet in area and located not nearer than ten (10) feet to any street or
highway, and pertaining only to the prospective rental or sale or the identification of the property on which
it is located, or to the products produced on the premises; and one or more signs, not exceeding three (3)
square feet in area, warning against trespassing.

6.	The following uses, upon the securing of a use permit in each case, as provided in Section XXII
of this Ordinance.

(a)	Farms or ranches for grazing, breeding, raising or training horses or cattle, but not including
cattle or livestock feeding or sales yards, provided the lot or parcel of land is not less
than five (5) acres in area.

(b)	Public and quasi-public uses, churches, public utilities and services, radio broadcasting
facilities.

(c)	Real Estate offices, temporary only.

7. The conditions under which domestic animals are kept shall be in compliance with the rules, reg-
ulations or laws of the City of Las Vegas and/or the Nevada State Health Department.

B.	Building Height Limit:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	Building Site Area Required:

The minimum building site area shall be one recorded lot or shall consist of a parcel of land not
less than one (1) acre in area for each one-family dwelling.

D.	Front Yard Required:

No building shall be erected closer than fifty (50) feet to either the front property line of the
building site or the line of any future street as provided in Section XX or as shown upon any official street
plan or Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas.

E.	Side Yard Required:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten (10) percent of the
width of the lot, but such side yard meed not exceed twenty- five (25) feet and shall not be less than five
(5) feet in width.

F.	Rear Yard Required:

There shall be a rear yard of not less than twenty-five (25) percent of the depth of the lot.
SECTION IX: RE (RESIDENCE ESTATE) DISTRICT REGULATIONS.

A.	Uses Permitted:

1.	One-family dwellings of a permanent character, placed in a permanent location, containing not more
than one (1) kitchen, and used by but one family.

2.	The following light agricultural uses:

(a)	Field crops, truck gardening, berry or bush crops, tree crops, flower gardening, nurseries,
greenhouses, orchards, aviaries, apiaries.

(b)	Farms devoted to the hatching, raising and marketing of chickens turkeys, or other poultry,
fowl, rabbits, fish, frogs: provided, however, that no killing or dressing of poultry or
rabbits shall be permitted other than the poultry or rabbits raised on the premises and that
such killing or dressing is done in an accessory building.

(c)	Sale of any of the products of any of the aforementioned permitted uses upon the premises
upon which such products are produced; provided, that no permanent or commercial building
shall be constructed primarily for such sale.

3.	Pending residential development, Small Livestock Farming and the keeping of domestic animals as
an incidental use but not for commercial purposes, and subject to the following limitations:

(a)	Not more than one (1) cow, two (2) goats or two (2) sheep or similar animals per one-half (½)
acre, but no cows, horses, goats, sheep or similar animals on less than one-half (½) acre,
nor more than one (1) horse or one hundred (100) fowl for each one-quarter (¼) acre.

(b)	No cows, goats, sheep or similar animals shall be kept within a distance of two hundred (200)
feet from any dwelling other than a dwelling upon the parcel of land upon which the same are
kept nor within a distance of forty (40) feet from any street line nor within a distance of
twenty (20) feet from any dwelling upon the parcel of land upon which such animals are kept.

(c) More than twelve (12) fowl shall not be kept within a distance of forty (40) feet from any
street line nor within a distance of twenty (20) feet from any dwelling.

(d)	The conditions under which such domestic animals are kept shall be in compliance with the
rules, regulations or laws of the City of Las Vegas and/or the Nevada State Health Department.

4.	Uses customarily incidental to any of the above uses, including home occupations or the office of
a physician, dentist, minister of religion or other similar profession, provided (a) that such office is sit-
uated in the same dwelling unit as the home of the occupant; (b) that such office shall not be used for the
general practice of medicine, surgery, dentistry, but may be used for consultation and emergency treatment as
an adjunct to a principle office; and (c) that there shall be no assistants employed.

5.	Accessory Buildings as follows:

(a)	Accessory buildings, including a private garage, accessory living quarters, guest house, re-
creation room; a detached stable, barn, corral, pen, coop, kennel, poultry or rabbit killing
and dressing room, or other similar structure, when located not less than one hundred (100)
feet from the front lot line nor less than twenty-five (25) feet from any other lot line, Accessory living
quarters, guesthouse, or a recreation room may be erected above a private garage in accordance with the
provisions of this ordinance.

(b)	Private horse stables, provided not more than one horse is stabled or kept for each one quarter
(¼) acre of land area included in the building site and provided further that no stable or corral shall be
closer than fifty (50) feet to any dwelling, school, park, side street or road.

6.	The following uses, upon the securing of a use permit in each case, as provided in Section XXII
of this ordinance:

(a)	Public and quasi-public uses, churches, public utilities and services, radio broadcasting fac-
ilities .

(b)	Real Estate offices, temporary only.

7.	Name Plates and Signs: One name plate for each dwelling unit, not exceeding three (3) square feet
in area, indicating the name of the occupant or permitted occupation; one unlighted single or double-faced
sign not exceeding twelve (12) square feet in area and located not nearer than ten (10) feet to any street or
highway, and pertaining only to the prospective rental or sale or the identification of the property on which
it is located or to the products produced on the premises; and one or more signs, not exceeding three (3)
square feet in area, warning against trespassing.

B.	Building Height Limit:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	Building Site Area Required:

The minimum building site area shall be one recorded lot or a parcel of land not less than one-
half (½) acre in area for each one-family dwelling.

D.	Front Yard Required:

No building shall be erected closer than fifty (50) feet to either the front property line of the
building site or the line of any future street as provided in Section XX or as shown upon any official street
plan, or Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas.

E.	Side Yard Required:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten (10) percent of the
width of the lot, but such a side yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet and shall not be less than five
(5) feet in width.

F.	Rear Yard Required:

There shall be a rear yard of not less than twenty-five (25%) percent of then depth of the lot.
SECTION X: R-1 (SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENCE) DISTRICT REGULATIONS.

A.	Uses permitted:

1.	One-family dwellings of a permanent character, placed in apartment location.

2.	The following agricultural uses: Field crops, truck gardening, berry or bush crops, tree crops,
flower gardening, orchards, greenhouses, for purposes of propagation and culture when incidental
to the residential use of the property and not for commercial purposes, but excluding small
livestock farming.

3.	Uses customarily incidental to any of the above uses, including home occupations or the office of
a physician, dentist, minister of religion or other similar profession, provided (a) that such
office is situated in the same dwelling unit as the home of the occupant; (b) that such office
shall not be used for the general practice of medicine, surgery, dentistry, but may be used for
consultation and emergency treatment as an adjunct to a principle office; and (c) that there shall
be no assistants employed.

4.	Accessory buildings and uses incidental to each single-family dwelling when placed upon the same
lot or parcel of land and not used or operated commercially, but not including guest houses,
accessory living quarters or accessory dwellings.

5.	The following additional uses, subject to the issuance of a use permit in each case as provided
in Section XXII of this ordinance:

(a)	Public and quasi- public uses, churches.

(b)	Real Estate offices, temporary only.

B.	Building Height Limit:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	Building Site Area Required:

The minimum building site area for each one-family dwelling shall be seven thousand (7,000)
square feet; the minimum frontage shall be sixty (60) feet and the minimum depth shall be one hundred (100)
feet, except in the case of recorded lots which can be used as provided in Section VI of this Ordinance.

D.	Front Yard Required:

No building shall be erected closer than twenty-five (25) feet to either the front property line
of the building site or the line of any future street as provided in Section XX or as shown upon any official
street plan, or Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas.
E.	Side Yard Required:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building not less than ten (10) percent of the
width of the lot, but such a side yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet and shall not be less than five
(5) feet in width.

F.	Rear Yard Required:

There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty-five (25) percent of the average depth of the lot,
but such rear yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet.

SECTION XI: R-2 (TWO-FAMILY RESIDENCE) DISTRICT REGULATIONS.

A.	Uses Permitted:

1.	All uses permitted in the R-1 district, subject to the securing of a use permit as provided in

Section XXII of this ordinance, for any use for which a use permit is required in such District.

2.	Two-family dwellings of permanent character placed in permanent locations.

B.	Building Height Limit:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	Building Site Area Required:

The minimum building site area shall be one (1) lot or parcel of land seven thousand (7,000)
square feet in area, provided however, that on each additional three thousand, five hundred (3,500) square
feet of area one (1) additional single-family dwelling may be erected, but in no case shall a lot having an
area of less than three thousand, five hundred (3,500) square feet be used as a building site for more than
one (1) single-family dwelling.

D.	Front Yard Required:

No building shall be erected closer than twenty-five (25) feet to either the front property
line of the building site or the line of any future street as provided in Section XX or as shown upon any
official street plan, or Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas.

E.	Side Yard Required:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten (10) percent of the
width of the lot, but such side yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet and shall not be less than five
(5) feet in width. In case the dwelling or dwelling units are so located on the lot that the rears thereof
abut upon one side yard and the fronts thereof abut upon the other side yard (i.e., in a single row. "side to
side" arrangement), the side yard to the rear thereof shall have a width of not less than eight (8) feet,
and the side yard to the fronts thereof shall have a width of not less than twelve (12) feet.

F.	Rear Yard Required.

There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty-five (25) percent of the average depth of the
lot, but such rear yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet.

G.	Distance Between Buildings:

No detached dwelling, or other main building, shall be less than twenty (20) feet from any
other detached dwelling or main building on the same building site.

SECTION XII: R-3 (LIMITED MULTIPLE RESIDENCE) DISTRICT

A.	Uses Permitted:

1.	All uses permitted in the R-1 and R-2 Districts subject to the securing of a use permit as
provided in Section XXII of this Ordinance, for any use for which a use permit is required
in such districts.

2.	Multiple dwellings, bungalow courts, and dwelling groups.

B.	Building Height Limit:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	Building Site Area Required:

The minimum building site area shall be one (1) lot or parcel of land seven thousand (7,000)
square feet in area. The minimum building site area per dwelling unit shall be seven thousand
(7,000) square feet for one-family dwellings; thirty-five hundred (3500) square feet for two-
family dwellings; and in no case shall a multiple dwelling or dwelling group occupy a site which
provides less than seventeen-hundred and fifty (1750) square feet of land area per family or
dwelling unit.

D.	Front Yard Required:

No building shall be erected closer than twenty (20) feet to either the front property line
of the building site or the line of any future street as provided in Section XX or as shown upon any offi-
cial Street Plan.

E.	Side Yard Required:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten (10) percent of the
width of the lot, but such side yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet and shall not be less than five
(5) feet in width.

F.	Rear Yard Required:

There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty (20) feet in depth.
G.	Dwelling Groups:

The following additional regulations shall apply to Dwelling Groups:

1.	In case the buildings of the group are so located on the lot that the rear of the building

which faces the street is faced by the front of a building to the rear, et seq. (i. e.,	 in 	a	"front	to	back"

series), no such building shall be closer than twenty (20) feet to any other building.

2.	In case the buildings of the group are so located on the lot that the rears thereof abut upon
one side yard and the fronts thereof abut upon the other side yard ( i. e., in a single row "side to side"
series), the side yard to the rear thereof shall have a width of not less than eight (8) feet, and the side
yard to the fronts thereof shall have a width of not less than twelve (12) feet.

3.	In case the buildings of the group are so located on the lot that the rears	thereof	abut	upon

either side yard and the fronts thereof face a court (i. e., in a double row "side to side" series), each side
yard shall have a width of not less than eight (8) feet and the court shall have a width of not less than
twenty (20) feet.

4.	No building shall be so located on the lot that the rear thereof faces the side of any other
buildings on the same lot unless a distance of at least twenty (20) feet is provided between such buildings.

5. In no case shall any building of the group be closer to any other building of the group than
a distance of ten (10) feet.

SECTION XIII: R-4 (APARTMENT RESIDENCE) DISTRICT

A.	Uses Permitted:

1.	All uses permitted in R-1, R-2, and R-3 Districts, subject to the securing of a use permit, as
provided in Section XXII of this Ordinance, for any use for which a use permit is required in
such Districts.

2.	Apartment Houses.

3.	Apartment Hotels.

4.	Hotels, Lodging Houses, Boarding Houses, but not dormitories.

5.	Private Clubs, Lodges.

6.	Private or Nursery Schools.

7.	Churches.

8.	The following uses subject to the securing of a use permit in each case, as provided in
Section XXII of this ordinance:

a.	In an apartment house or apartment hotel designed, constructed and/or used for twenty-four

(24)	or more families, and in a hotel designed, constructed and/or used for fifty (50) or
more guest rooms, there may be conducted commercial uses incidental thereto for the con-
venience of the occupants and the guests thereof; provided that there shall be no entrance
to such commercial uses except from the inside of the building in which the same are lo-
cated, and that the floor area used for commercial purposes shall not exceed twenty- five

(25)	percent of the ground floor area of such building and provided further, that no street
frontage of any such building shall be used for any such commercial uses or show window
thereof, and that no sign shall be displayed on the exterior of any such building or on
the grounds thereof in connection with such commercial uses.

b.	Auto Courts when on land abutting a major street or Highway as designated in the Master
Street and Highway Plan of the City of Las Vegas.

c.	Hospitals, Rest Homes, Sanitariums, Clinics, and other buildings use for the treatment of
human ailments.

d.	Professional Offices.

e.	Public or Quasi-public uses.

B.	Building Height Limit:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	Building Site Area Required:

The minimum building site area shall be one (1) lot or a parcel of land and seven thousand (7000)
square feet in area. The minimum building site area per dwelling unit shall be seven thousand (7000) square
feet for one family dwellings; thirty-five hundred (3500) square feet for two-family dwellings; seventeen
hundred and fifty (1750) square feet for three and four-family dwellings; and in no case shall a multiple-
family dwelling or dwelling group containing five or more dwelling units occupy a site which provided less than
seven hundred (700) square feet of land are per dwelling or housekeeping unit. None of the above regulations
shall apply to hotels, apartments or other types of transient living accomodations where no cooking is done
in any individual room or suite.

D.	Front Yard Required:

No building shall be erected closer than ten (10) feet to either the front property line of the
building site or the line of any future street as provided in Section XX or as shown upon any official street
plan, or Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas.

E.	Side Yard Required:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten (10) percent of the
width of the lot, but such side yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet and shall not be less than five
(5) feet in width.

F.	Rear Yard Required:
There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty (20) feet in depth.

G.	Dwelling Groups:

The regulations applying to Dwelling Groups in the R-3 District shall apply to Dwelling Groups
in this District.

SECTION XIV: C-1 (LIMITED OR NEIGHBORHOOD COMMERCIAL) DISTRICT REGULATIONS:

A.	Uses Permitted:

1.	Any use permitted in the R-1, R-2, and R-3 Districts.

2.	Stores, shops and businesses hereinafter in the subsection enumerated. Art stores, banks,
barber shops, beauty parlors, business offices, decorators' studios, dressmaking shops, electrical appliance
stores, employment agencies, florists, furniture stores, girt shops, haberdashery, hardware stores, ice-cream
parlors, interior decorators, jewelry, ladies wearing apparel, laundry or cleaning and dyeing agencies, mess-
enger offices, millinery shops, music studio or school, nursery (flower or plant) provided that all incidental
equipment and supplies, including fertilizers and supplies are kept within a building, photograph shops, pro-
fessional offices, restaurants, (provided that no dancing or entertainment is allowed and no alcoholic bever-
ages sold except wine and/or beer), shoe repair shop, stores for the retail sale of bakery products, drugs,
groceries, meats, dressed poultry (provided that no live poultry shall be kept on the premises), notions,
stationery, confectionery, telegraph offices, theatres, watch repair, and other similar enterprises or retail
businesses of the same class which, in the opinion of the Planning Commission as evidenced by resolution of
record, are not more obnoxious or detrimental to the welfare of the particular community than the enterprises
or businesses herein in this section enumerated. In District C-1 all selling, dealing in or displaying of
goods, by permitted shops, stores and businesses shall be entirely conducted and located within permanent
buildings.

3.	Automobile service stations for the sale of gasoline, oil and minor accessories only, where no
repair work is done except minor repairs made by the attendant, and provided all lubrication, washing, tube
repairing, battery charging, and tire accessory sales and storage are conducted and confined wholly within a
permanent building.

4.	The above specified stores, shops or businesses shall be retail establishments selling new
merchandise exclusively except shops dealing in genuine antiques, and shall be permitted only under the
following conditions:

(a)	Such stores, shops or businesses other than the display or sale of nursery stock shall be
conducted wholly within an enclosed building. In no case shall any merchandise be displayed nor shall any
business be conducted between the street line or any building line. (b) All products produced, whether pri-
mary or incidental, shall be sold at retail on the premises, and not more than two (2) persons shall be en-
gaged in such production. (c) Any exterior sign displayed shall pertain only to a use conducted within the
building; shall be attached to the wall of the building and parallel with its horizontal dimensions and shall
front the principal street, a parking area in the rear or, in the case of a comer building, on that portion
of the side street wall within fifty (50) feet of the principal street, and in no case shall any sign project
above the roof line of a building. (d) All exterior walls of a building hereafter erected, extended or
structurally altered, which face a street or property located in an "R" District, shall be designed, treated,
and finished in a uniform and satisfactory manner approved by the Planning Commission.

5.	Uses customarily incidental to any of the above uses and accessory buildings, when located on
the same lot, including a storage garage for the exclusive use of the patrons of the stores or businesses,
when located not less than seventy (70) feet from the front lot line nor less than five (5) feet from any
other street line, or a storage garage constructed as a part of the main building.

6.	Automobile storage space is required for dwellings, and parking space for buildings other than
dwellings as provided for in Section VI.

7.	Public parking area for the exclusive use of the patrons of the stores, shops or businesses in
the immediate commercial district, when located and developed as required in Section VI.

8.	Loading space as required in Section VI.

B.	Building Height Limit:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	Building Site Area Required:

Buildings hereafter erected and used wholly or partly for dwelling purposes shall comply with
the lot area requirements of the "R-3" district.

D.	Yards Required:

1.	No building shall hereafter be erected, nor shall any use of land be conducted so that the

same will be	closer to the	right of way line of any street	than any Official	Plan Line or any building line

which has been established	for such a street by the Street	and Highway Plan,	or section thereof, of the

Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas, or than any future width line or building line which may be specified
therefor by the provisions of Section XX of this ordinance.

2.	Every building or portion thereof which is	designed, intended and/or used for any purpose

permitted in	"R" Districts	or for any other residential or	dwelling purpose	shall comply with the provisions

of this ordinance as to yards which are required in the R-3 District; provided, that when the ground floor of
any such building is used for any commercial purpose, no side yard shall be required for such ground floor,
except as otherwise provided by this ordinance.

3. There shall be a side yard along the side of every lot in a C-1 District which lot is not
bounded by an alley and which side is bordering on property in any "R" District, which side yard shall be of
a width not less than the width of a side yard as required in R-3 districts.
SECTION XV: C-2 (GENERAL: COMMERCIAL) DISTRICT REGULATIONS.

A.	Uses Permitted:

1.	Any use permitted in the R-1, R-2, R-3, and R-4 districts.

2.	Any use permitted in the C-1 District, and in addition thereto, auditorium, automobile court,
automobile laundry, automobile sales room, blue printing, business schools, clinics and medical or dental
laboratories, department stores, lithographing or publishing, photostating, pawnshop, printing, printing office,
sign painting shop if conducted wholly within a completely enclosed building, studios, trade and vocation school,
upholstery shop if conducted wholly within a completely enclosed building, wedding chapels.

3.	Any business or establishment of a general retail or service type including wholesale merchandise
brokers bur excluding wholesale storage and warehouses.

4.	Billiard or Pool Hall, Bowling Alley, Theatres, if conducted wholly within a completely en-
closed building.

5.	Advertising signs or structures applying to the premises whereon displayed, billboards, but not
advertising as generally defined in this ordinance.

6.	Automobile and trailer sales area, provided (a) that such area is located and developed as
required; in Section VI and (b) that any area used for the incidental repair of automobiles or trailers is
located not less than seventy (70) feet from the front lot line nor less than Twenty-five (25) feet from any
other street line, unless such incidental repair is conducted and confined wholly within a building.

7.	Drive-in business where persons are served in automobiles, such as refreshment stands, rest-
aurants or similar uses.

8.	Nursery, flower or plant, provided that all incidental equipment and supplies, including fert-
ilizers and empty cans are kept within a building.

9.	Public garage, including automobile repairing, painting or upholstering, if all operations are
conducted wholly within a completely enclosed building, but not including as a general or primary use auto-
mobile body and fender repairing unless the same is of a minor nature and incidental to the above. Provided,
however, that where a public garage is located on a lot which does not abut an alley and is within fifty (50)
feet of a lot in an "R" District, the garbage wall which parallels the nearest line of such district, shall
have no openings other than stationary windows.

10.	Public parking area when located and developed as required in Section VI.

11.	Uses customarily incidental to any of the above uses and necessary buildings when located on
the same premises.

12.	Other similar enterprises or businesses of the same class, which in the opinion of the Planning
Commission as evidenced by resolution of record, are not more obnoxious or detrimental to the welfare of the
particular community than the enterprises or businesses herein in this subsection enumerated. In District C-2
all selling, dealing in or displaying of used or second-hand goods by permitted shops, stores and businesses
shall be entirely conducted and located within permanent buildings.

Provided that:

(a)	No retail stores or business shall involve any kind of manufacture, compounding, processing
or treatment of products other than that which is clearly incidental and essential to such retail store or
business and where all such products are sold at retail on the premises;

(b)	There shall not be more than five (5) persons engaged in the manufacture, compounding, pro-
cessing or treatment of products;

(c)	That not more than twenty (20) per cent of the ground floor area of any building shall be
used for such purposes;

(d) Such operations or products are not objectionable due to odor, dust, smoke, noise, vibration,
or other similar causes; and provided further that all exterior walls of a building hereafter erected, extended,
or structurally altered, which face a street or property in an "R" District, shall be designed, treated and
finished in a uniform and satisfactory manner approved by the Planning Commission.

13.	The following uses, upon the securing of a special use permit in each case, as provided in
Section XXII of this ordinance.

(a) Restaurants, cabaret, tavern or cocktail lounge, wherein the sale, serving or dispensing of
beverages and alcoholic liquors, (all as defined and regulated by Ordinances of the City of Las Vegas) and/or
gaming (as defined and regulated by Ordinances of the City of Las Vegas) may be permitted in a hotel of one
hundred (100) or more guest rooms, provided all other requirements of law regulating and permitting such uses
are first complied with.

(b)	Mortuaries.

(c)	An "outdoor business" or commercial use when the nature of such use may require an outdoor

location.

14.	Uses customarily incidental to any of the above uses and accessory buildings, when located on
the same lot, including storage garage for the exclusive use of the patrons of the stores or businesses, when
located not less than seventy (70) feet from the front lotline not less than five (5) feet from any other
street line or a storage garage constructed as a part of the main building.

15. Automobile storage space is required for dwellings, and parking space for buildings other than
dwellings, as provided for in Section VI.

16.	Public parking area for the exclusive use of the patrons of the stores, shops, or businesses
in the immediate commercial district, when located and developed as required in Section VI.

17.	Loading space as required in Section VI.
B.	Building Height Limit:

The maximum building height shall be four (4) stories or fifty (50) feet provided, however, that a
building or structure hereafter erected, added to or otherwise constructed may be increased in height provided
the cubical content of such building or structure does not exceed the sum total of the area of the lot upon
which it is to be erected multiplied by fifty (50) feet. Such height in excess of fifty (50) feet will be per-
mitted on application as required in Section XXII.

C.	Building Site Area Required:

Buildings hereafter erected and used wholly or partly for dwelling purposes shall comply with the
lot area requirements of the "R-4" District.

D.	Yards Required:

None except:

1. No building shall hereafter be erected, nor shall any use of land be conducted so that the same
will be closer to the right of way line of any street than any Official flan Line or any building line which has
been established for such a street by the Street and Highway flan, or section thereof, of the Master flan of
the City of Las Vegas, or than any future width line or building line which may be specified therefor by the
provisions of Section XX of this ordinance.

2.	Every building or portion thereof which is designed, intended and/or used for any purpose per-
mitted in "R" districts or for any other residential or dwelling purpose shall comply with the provisions of
this ordinance as to yards which are required in the R-4 district, provided, that when the ground floor of any
such building is used for any commercial purpose, no side yard shall be required for such ground floor, except
as otherwise provided by this ordinance.

3.	There shall be a side yard along the side of every lot in a C-2 district which lot is not
bounded by an alley and which side is bordering on property in any "R" district, which side yard shall be of a
width not less than the width of a side yard as required in R-4 districts.

SECTION XVI: C-S (GENERAL COMMERCIAL - SPECIAL) DISTRICT REGULATIONS.

A.	Uses Permitted:

1.	Any use permitted in the C-2 Districts.

2.	Taverns, bars, cabarets, clubs, restaurants, and other establishments for the sale, serving or
dispensing of beverages and alcoholic liquors as permitted and regulated by any other Ordinance of the City of
Las Vegas.

3.	Gaming establishments as permitted and regulated by any other Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas.

4.	Alluses permitted shall be subject to the regulations of the C-2 District.

B.	Building Height Limit:

Same as C-2 District.

C.	Building Site Area Required:

Same as C-2 District.

D.	Yards Required:

Same as C-2 District.

SECTION XVII: M-1 (LIGHT INDUSTRY) DISTRICT REGULATIONS.

A.	Uses Permitted:

1.	Any use permitted in the "R", C-1 and C-2 Districts.

2.	Any wholesale, retail or commercial use including wardhouses, open storage or sales yards,
salvage or junk yard only when conducted in a building enclosed on all sides or when enclosed by a fence in
such a manner as may be specified by the Planning Commission, but not including auto wrecking nor in any event
shall dismantled cars or vehicles be allowed to accumulate on any premises; light manufacturing; light in-
dustry; but not including any use which emits dust, gas, smoke, noise, fumes, odors, or vibrations which are
or may be detrimental to the general welfare of the neighborhood or of the city as a whole.

3.	Small animal hospitals, or establishments for boarding dogs, cats, and other small animals, upon
the securing of a use permit for such use.

4.	Other uses, which in the opinion of the Planning Commission, are similar in character to those
enumerated in this section and will not be obnoxious or detrimental to the district in which located.

B.	Uses Excluded:

1.	Any industrial uses enumerated under Section XVIII of this ordinance, which uses would not be
classified with uses permitted in the M-1 District.

C.	Building Height Limit:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

D.	Building Site Area Required:

Buildings hereafter erected and used wholly or partly for dwelling purposes shall comply with the
lot area requirements of the "R-4" District.

E.	Yards Required:

None except:
1.	No building shall hereafter be erected, nor shall any use of land be conducted so that the
same will be closer to the right of way line of any street than any Official Plan Line or any building line
which has been established for such a street by the Street and Highway Plan, or section thereof, of the
Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas, or than any future width line or building line which may be specified
therefor by the provisions of Section XX of this ordinance.

2.	Every building or portion thereof which is designed, intended and/or used for any purpose
permitted in "R" Districts or for any other residential or dwelling purpose shall comply with the provisions
of this ordinance as to yards which are required in the "R-4" Districts provided, that when the ground floor
of any such building is used for any commercial or light industrial purpose, no side yard shall be required
for such ground floor, except as otherwise provided by this ordinance.

3.	There shall be a side yard along the side of every lot in an M-1 district which lot is not
bounded by an alley and which side is bordering on property in any "R" District, which side yard shall be of
width not less than the width of a side yard as required in the "R-4" Districts.

SECTION XVIII: M-2 (HEAVY INDUSTRY) DISTRICT REGULATIONS.

A.	Uses Permitted:

1. Heavy manufacturing and industry, and any other use of land not otherwise prohibited by law,

except:

(a)	Those uses excluded by paragraph B of this Section.

(b)	Those uses listed in paragraph C of this Section unless a permit therefor shall have first
been granted in accordance with the procedure therein set forth, and that no provisions of said Section are
violated thereby.

B.	Uses Excluded:

1. The following uses shall be prohibited in the M-2 District unless such uses are incidental to
and accessory to, and located on the same lot or parcel of land as the uses specifically permitted by para-
graph A of this Section:

(a)	Any dwelling;

(b) Hotels; automobile courts; civic or social clubs; lodging and boarding houses; churches;

(c) Hospitals, institutions or homes for the reception, care, treatment or convalescence of
children, the aged, the sick or wounded, or the mentally infirm.

C.	Uses Requiring a Permit:

1. The following uses shall be prohibited in the M-2 District unless a use permit as hereinafter
provided shall have first been obtained therefor:

(a)	The manufacture; processing; compounding; treatment; or storage of any chemical; acid; gas
or products thereof; gunpowder; fireworks; explosives; fertilizer; glue; potash; paint, oil, shellac, turpentine,
or varnish; soap; petroleum; tar distillation or products; coal tar products; wood distillation or products;
oil cloth or oiled products; plastics; rubber or gutta percha products.

(b)	The processing of organic or animal products, or animal by-products, including fish; or
any organic refuse or garbage; slaughter houses and packing houses (except poultry and rabbits); tanning,
curing or storage of rawhides or refining or grease or lard manufacture or refining or rendering from animal
fat; crematory.

(c)	Refuse dumps or rubbish dumps, including burning; livestock feed yards; stock yards; hog
farms; incineration or reduction of garbage, dead animals, offal or refuse; animal hospitals.

(d)	Commercial excavation or extraction of rock, gravel, sand, clay or any material from the
surface or below the surface of the earth: brick, tile or terra cotta manufacture ( except handcrafts products
only); rock crusher, stone mill or quarry; cement, lime, gypsum or plaster of paris manufacture; central mixing
plant for cement, mortar, plaster or paving materials including asphalt and bituminous materials or products.

(e)	Smelters; blast furnaces; ore reduction; boiler or tank works; forge plant or rolling mills;
foundry; metal fabrication plant.

(f)	Salvage or junk yard except when conducted in a building enclosed on all sides or where

enclosed	by	a	fence	in such a manner as may be specified by the Planning	Commission.

(g)	All	other uses which, in the opinion of the Planning	Commission, are of	such	a nature as

to be or become similarly objectionable, offensive or obnoxious to property owners or residents of adjacent
residential and commercial districts by reason of the emission of odors, fumes, gasses, dust, smoke, soot,
noise, vibration or other reason.

(h)	All	of the uses enumerated under this subsection (C)	or any other uses which	when in the

opinion of	the	Planning	Commission, will not endanger the public health,	safety, or general	welfare, or be

inconsistent with the general purposes of this ordinance may be permitted with or without conditions.

If the property intended for such proposed use is less than one thousand (1000) feet from any residential or
commercial boundary of the zone district in which it lies, or if the proposed use will tend, in the opinion of
the Planning Commission, to endanger in any way the public health, safety, or general welfare, or to produce
results inconsistent with the general purposes of this Ordinance, such use shall not be permitted.

D.	Building Height Limit:

The maximum building height shall be four (X) stories or fifty (50) feet. Additional height may
be permitted as provided in the Height Regulations for the "C-2" District.

E.	Yards Required:

None except:
(a) No building shall hereafter be erected, nor shall any use of land be conducted except for
agricultural purposes or any other open use not requiring a building or structure, so that the same will be
closer to the right of way line of any street than any Official Plan Line or any building line which has been
established for such a street by the Street and Highway Plan, or section thereof, of the Master Plan of the
City of Las Vegas, or than any future width line or building line which may be specified therefor by the pro-
visions of Section XX of this Ordinance.

(b)	No incidental dwelling shall be less than twenty (20) feet from the rear or side line of a
building site.

(c)	When a lot or a parcel	of land in the	M-2	District is located partly	in	or abuts	upon any "R"

or	"C"	District then such lot or parcel	of land shall have	a yard	or yards equivalent	to	the yard	requirement

of such "R" or "C" District.

SECTION XIX: SUPPLEMENTARY LAND USE CLASSIFICATION:

A.	Uses not specifically permitted in any Land Use District and not specifically excluded therefrom
by this Ordinance, may be permitted in that district, as hereinafter set forth, but the Planning Commission,
if such uses are similar to and not more obnoxious than the uses specifically permitted in such district by
this Ordinance, or if such uses are accessory to uses which are specifically permitted.

B.	Uses which in the opinion of the Planning	Commission	are similar to, and	as	noxious as those uses

listed	in	Section XVIII, paragraph "C",	as requiring a	use	permit	shall be prohibited	in	Land Use	District M-2

unless such permit is secured.

C.	The Planning Commission after having classified such uses in any Land Use District may reclassify
such uses when such reclassification does not violate the intent of this ordinance, provided, however, no
action shall be taken on the part of the Planning Commission, as contemplated in this section until said Plan-
ning Commission shall have published at least once, in a newspaper of general circulation in the City of Las
Vegas, a notice setting forth briefly the action contemplated and the time and place when it will hear ob-
jections to such action which shall not be less than fifteen (15) days after the publication of aforesaid
notice.

D.	Each use which is classified or reclassified according to the provisions of this Section as per-
mitted in any Land Use District shall be entered on a list to be known as "Supplementary Land Use Classifi-
cation," with the date upon which such opinion is reached by the Planning Commission, the Land Use District in
which it is classified and the conditions or limitations under which each such use may be permitted in such
Land Use District. The governing body shall be furnished a copy of such list, and notice of each Supplementary
Land Use Classification made by the Planning Commission shall be submitted to the Governing Body prior to the
next regular meeting of the Governing Body following the date of such opinion. Such classification of any use
in any Land Use District shall have the same force and effect as if such use were classified in this Ordinance

SECTION XX: MINIMUM BUILDING LINE SETBACKS AND FUTURE WIDTH LINES;

A. For the purpose of measuring yard dimensions and determining building locations with respect to
future width lines as provided in this Ordinance, the following minimum building line setbacks and future width
lines are hereby established for the following streets and highways, such establishment being made pending the
establishment of official plan lines based upon the Street and Highway Plan, or sections thereof, of the Master
Plan of the City of Las Vegas.

No building or structure nor portion thereof shall hereafter be erected, nor shall any portion of
a building extending into the building setback distance be altered, nor shall any use of land for agricultural
purposes or any other open use not requiring a building or structure, so that the same will be closer to the
right of way line of any street than any official plan line or any building line or setback which has been
established for such street by the Street and Highway Plan, or section thereof, of the Master Plan of the City
of Las Vegas, or than any future width line, building line or setback, which may be specified therefor by the
provisions of this ordinance, or as follows:

1.	MAIN STREET:

(a)	From the North city boundary to Stewart Street, ten (10) feet from the street line of fifty
(50) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

(b)	From Stewart Street to Carson Street, twenty (20) feet from the property line or sixty (60)
feet from the center-line on the Westerly side thereof.

(c)	Charleston Boulevard to South Fifth Street five (5) feet from the street line or forty-
five (45) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

2.	FIFTH STREET:

(a)	From the South city boundary to Charleston Boulevard - ten (10) feet from the street line
or fifty (50) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

(b)	From Charleston Boulevard to Garces Street - five (5) feet from the street line or forty-
five (45) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

(c)	From Garces Street to Stewart Street - three (3) feet from the street line or forty-three
(43) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

(d)	From Stewart Street to the North City boundary - five (5) feet from the street line or
forty-five (45) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

3.	FREMONT STREET:

(a)	From Ninth Street to Fourteenth Street - three (3) feet from the property line on each

side thereof.

(b)	From Seventeenth Street to the East City boundary - twelve (12) feet from the street line
or fifty-seven (57) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

4.	CHARLESTON BOULEVARD - RANCHO ROAD:

(a) From Fremont Street to Tenth Street - ninety (90) feet from the center line on each side

thereof.
(b)	From Tenth Street to Main Street - ten (10) feet from the street line or fifty (50) feet from
the center-line on each side thereof.

(c)	From Main Street to one thousand (1000) feet West of the intersection with the Union Pacific
Railroad tracks, seventy-five (75) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

(d)	From one thousand (1000) feet West of the intersection with the Union Pacific Railroad tracks
to Rose Street, ten (10) feet from the street line or fifty (50) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

(e)	From Rose Street (Rancho Road portion ) to Bonanza Road, seventy-five (75) feet from the
center-line on each side thereof.

(f) From the Rancho Road intersection, westerly, to West City boundary, fifty (50) feet from the
center-line on each side thereof.

5.	BONANZA ROAD:

(a)	From the Westerly end of the grade separation at Union Pacific Railroad tracks to the inter-
section with Rancho Road, forty (40) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

(b)	From the intersection with Rancho Road to the North city boundary, seventy-five (75) feet
from the center-line on each side thereof.

6.	MARYLAND PARKWAY (Twelfth Street):

(a)	From Oakey Boulevard to the South City boundary, fifty (50) feet from the present center-line
projected southerly, on each side thereof.

(b)	From Charleston Boulevard to the South property line of the Kelso-Turner Housing Project,
fifty (50) feet from the present center-line on each side thereof.

(c) From the South line of Section 26, T 20 S, R 61 E, M.D.B. and M., to the North line of said
Section 26, fifty (50) feet from the north-south one-quarter (¼) line on each side thereof.

SECTION XXI: VARIANCES, ADJUSTMENTS AND APPEALS:

A.	The Governing Body may in special or exceptional cases and under appropriate conditions and
safeguards, vary the strict application of this Ordinance in harmony with its general purposes and intent,
in accordance with rules and conditions set forth herein for the granting of variances and adjustments as
provided in this Ordinance.

B.	An application for any permissible variance or adjustment of regulation as provided herein, shall
be made to the Planning Commission in the form of a written application, such form to be know as "Application
for Variance." Said application shall be filed with the office of the Planning Commission and shall be made
upon forms provided by said Commission, and shall be verified by the owner of the lot or parcel of land con-
cerned in the application. The application for variance shall set forth the following information, facts,
and exhibits all of which shall be maintained in the permanent files of the Planning Commission;

1.	The provisions or regulations of this ordinance from which the property or building is sought to
be excepted.

2.	A legal description of the property involved.

3.	Ground plans showing the location of all existing or proposed building, and elevations of all
proposed buildings or alteration to buildings in sufficient detail to meet the requirements of
the Planning Commission and photographs when necessary.

4. Evidence of the ability and intention of the applicant to proceed with the actual construction
work in accordance with plans within six (6) months after the effective date of the variance.

C.	The applicant shall present a statement and adequate evidence as part of said application show-
certain condition as and facts to be established. Such statement and evidence shall show;

1.	That there are special, exceptional or extraordinary circumstances or conditions applying to the
property or to the intended use of the property under consideration which male compliance with
the provisions of the Ordinance difficult and a cause of hardship to, and abridgement of property

rights of, the owner of said property.

2.	That such circumstances or conditions do not apply generally to other properties in the same Land
Use District.

3.	That the granting of the variance is necessary to do substantial justice to the applicant for
variance or the owner of the property under consideration.

4.	That the granting of the variance will not result in material damage or prejudice to other pro-
perties in the vicinity, nor be detrimental to the public health, safety or welfare.

5. The signature of not less than seventy-five (75) percent of the property owners within three
hundred (300) feet of any and all portions of the premises to be so used certifying that said owners have
no objection to the establishment of the use applied for.

6.	That the granting of the variance will not adversely effect any Master Plan of the City.

D.	The Planning Commission is authorized to make a uniform charge of twenty-five ($25.00) dollars,
payable to the City Clerk, to partially cover the cost of making maps, sending out notices, and other inci-
dental administrative expenses involved in any application for a variance or adjustment, said charge being
due and payable at the time of filing said application. The Planning Commission may designate its Planning
Engineer as its agent to receive and inspect any application for variance at the time of filing. When it has
been ascertained that such an application is in proper order and complies with the requirements of this Ord-
inance such application shall be approved for filing. No such application shall be filed unless it complies with
the requirements of this Ordinance.
E.	The Planning Commission shall hold a public hearing upon each properly submitted application for
variance. Upon receipt of any such application by the officer or employee of the Planning Commission designated
in the rules of the Commission for such purpose, such officer or employee shall set a time and place for a public
hearing before the Planning Commission on such application or may refer said application to the Commission to
establish such time and place for hearing. Such hearing shall be held not less than fifteen (15) nor later than
thirty (30) days following the date of filing of such application or following the referral thereof to the
Planning Commission who shall set the date for hearing and the applicant shall be notified of the date of such
hearing. The Planning Commission shall cause to be sent to each owner of property within a distance of three
hundred (300) feet of the exterior boundary of the lot or parcel of land described in such application, notice

of the time and place of the hearing, a description of the property involved, and the provisions of this Ordi-
nance from which a variance is sought. For the purposes of this Section, "property owner " shall mean that owner
shown upon the latest assessment rolls of Clark County.

From the time of filing said application until the time of such hearing, the application, together
with all plans and other data submitted, shall be available for public inspection in the office of the Planning
Commission.

F.	The Planning Commission shall cause to be made by its own members or its Planning Engineer as its
agent when assigned for the purpose, an investigation of facts bearing on any application for variance sufficient
to assure that the action taken on each variance is consistent with the intent and purpose of this Ordinance.

G.	The Planning Commission shall hear and consider evidence and fact from any person at the public
hearing, or shall consider written communication from any person relative to the granting of a variance. The
right of any person to present such evidence shall not be denied for the reason that such person has not re-
quired by this Ordinance to be informed of such public hearing.

H.	Within thirty (30) days from the conclusion of the public hearing the Planning Commission shall

render its decision unless such time limit be extended by common consent and agreement signed by both applicant
and the Commission and made a part of the records pertaining to the application concerned. If in the opinion
of the Commission the necessary facts and conditions set forth in this Section apply in fact to the property
referred to in the application for variance and that the same comes within the purview of the Planning Com-
mission, it may grant the variance in whole or inpart upon such safeguards as it deems necessary. If, however,
such facts and conditions do not premail nor apply or if the granting of the variance will adversely effect the
property of persons in the vicinity of the applicant's property, or for any other valid reason, the Commission
shall deny the application.	

I.	The Commission in granting a variance, may establish conditions under which a lot or parcel of land
may be used, or building constructed or altered, or make requirements as to architecture, height of a build-
ing or structure, open spaces, parking areas or vehicle storage, and conditions of operation of any enterprise,
or may make any other conditions, requirements or safeguards that the Commission may consider necessary to
prevent damage or prejudice to adjacent properties or detriment to the City. When necessary, the Commission

may recommend and the Governing Body may require guarantees in such form as deemed proper under the circum-
stances, to insure that the conditions designated in connection therewith are being or will be complied with.

J. A written report of the decision of the Planning Commission shall be transmitted to the Govern-
ing Body and a notice of such decision sent by registered mail to the applicant for variance not more than
three (3) days after such report is transmitted to the Governing Body.

After having rendered a decision the Commission shall not reverse its findings and make another
determination of any variance unless pertinent facts or conditions not know to the Commission at or prior
to the date of decision, are subsequently disclosed. Such new facts and conditions shall be set forth in
detail in an application for a rehearing before the Commission and filed in the office thereof not more
than ten (10) days after the report of the decision of the Commission has been transmitted to the Governing
Body.

K. The decision of the Planning Commission, either for the granting with or without conditions or
the denial of an application for variance, shall become final and effective on the tenth (10) day following
approval of such decision by resolution of the Governing Body and the recording thereof in the minutes of the
Governing Body, unless within ten (10) days after said Commission has notified the Governing Body in writing,
of its decision:

1. The applicant or any owner of property, located within three hundred (300) feet of the
exterior boundaries of the property described in such application, and who appeared be-
for the Commission either on the original hearing or pursuant to an application for re-
hearing shall appeal to the Governing Body by filing such appeal in writing with the City
Clerk.

If an appeal is filed within the time specified, it automatically stays any proceedings in
the matter until a further determination is made by the Governing Body.

L.	At its next regular meeting after the filing of such an appeal, the Governing Body shall set a
date for public hearing thereon not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days thereafter. Notice
of such hearing shall be given in the manner prescribed in Paragraph E of this Section, including notice to
the Planning Commission and the Building Inspector.

M.	The Governing Body shall proceed to hear any person or persons interested, and after hearing such
appeal and reviewing any further report of the Planning Commission, may sustain, reverse or modify the decision
of the Planning Commission by a majority vote of said Body.

The decision of the Governing Body shall be final and conclusive in such appeal.

N.	Any variance or adjustment approved by the Planning Commission and granted by the Governing
Body, as herein provided for, shall be conditional upon the privileges granted being utilized within six (6)
months after the effective date of the variance. In the event some construction work is involved, it must
actually commence within the stated period and must be diligently prosecuted to completion; otherwise the
variance is automatically voided. A lapse of work for a period of three (3) months will be sufficient to
cause the invalidity of the zone variance.

SECTION XXII: USE PERMITS:

A. Applications for use permits required in this ordinance shall be filed as herein provided in
the Office of the Planning Commission.

Use permits may be issued for any of the following.
1.	Any of the uses or purposes for which such permits were required or permitted by the pro-
visions of this ordinance.

2.	Public utility or public service uses or public buildings in any district when found to be
necessary for the public health, safety, convenience or welfare.

3.	Removal of minerals and natural materials, including building and construction materials,
in any district when incidental to a permitted use of improvement of the land, but not
solely for commercial or industrial purposes.

Such application shall be on a form provided for the purpose by the Planning Commission and
shall be known as an "Application for Use Permit."

B. The Planning Commission shall cause to be made by its own members or by its Planning Engineer when
assigned for such purpose, an investigation to determine that such use, in the place specified will not be in-
jurious to public health, safety, or welfare, or detrimental to other properties or uses in the vicinity. The
City Health Officer and the Fire Chief shall be notified of the application, the use applied for and the pro-
perty involved. A report shall be submitted by both the Health Officer and the Fire Chief stating eh effect that
the establishment of such use will have on public health and public safety respectively, and recommending ap-
proval or denial of the application. Such report must be submitted to the Planning Commission not less than ten
(10) days after the filing of the application.

C.	Within forty (40) days after the receipt of such application, the Planning Commission shall render
its decision, and submit a written report of such findings to the Governing Body. The applicant shall be noti-
fied or such findings by a notice sent by registered mail not more than three (3) days after transmitted of such
report to the Governing Body. If it is the opinion of the Commission, after consideration of the report of such
investigation, that the use as proposed in the application, or under appropriate restrictions or conditions,
will not endanger the public health safety or general welfare, or be inconsistent with the general purposes and
intent of this Ordinance, the Commission shall approve the application, either with or without, conditions. If
the proposed use will tend, in the opinion of the commission, to endanger in any way the public health, safety,
or general welfare, or to produce results inconsistent with the general purposes and intent of this Ordinance,
the Commission shall deny the application.

D.	When deemed necessary and in the public interest the Planning Commission may hold a public hearing
upon any application for a use permit, and if such public hearing is to be held notice thereof shall be given

in the manner of procedure prescribed in Section XXI of this Ordinance, except that such procedure shall spec-
ifically refer to "Use Permits" and further that the area considered by the Commission to be affected by the
intended use of land as described in such application for use of land as described in such application for use
permit may be extended to a distance greater than three hundred (300) feet of the exterior of such land, and the
owners thereof of such extended adjacent area shall also be notified of such hearing.

E.	The decision of the Planning Commission shall be transmitted in writing to the Governing Body who
may issue a permit for such use or may deny such permit. The Governing Body may sustain, reverse or modify such
decision by a majority vote of said Body.

F.	An appeal relative to any decision rendered in connection with an application for Use Permit shall
be made in accordance with the procedure established for appeals in connection with an Application for Variance
as prescribed in Section XXI, paragraphs K, L, M thereof of this Ordinance, including notice to any owners of
extended area who were notified as provided in paragraph D of this Section.

The decision of the Governing Body shall be final and conclusive in such appeal.

SECTION XXIII: FORCE OR CONDITIONS:

Any restrictions or conditions required by the Planning Commission or Governing Body in the granting
of any use, variance or permit under the provision of third Ordinance must be complied with. Violation of such
conditions or requirements shall result in revocation of the permission granted to so use the property and
further use of the property or maintenance of any buildings thereon shall constitute a violation of this Ordi-
nance and shall be punishable in the manner set forth in Section XXXI of this Ordinance.

SECTION XXIV: BUILDING PERMITS:

A. A building permit shall be required for the erection, construction, establishment, moving, alter-
ation, enlargement, repair or conversion of any building or structure in any district established by the pro-
visions of this ordinance, provided, however, that this requirement shall be subject to the following provisions,
to-wit:

1. The provisions of the Las Vegas Building Code relating to the application for, form of and
issuance of building permits under said Building Code shall to the application for, form of and issuance of
building permits under the provisions of this section; provided, however, that the construction, establishment,
moving, alteration, enlargement, repair or conversion of any such building or structure shall comply with all
the provisions of the ordinance.

2.	All applications for a building permit shall be made on a printed form furnished by the Build-
ing Inspector of the City of Las Vegas and shall, in addition to any plans for buildings or structures, be
accompanied by a drawing, plat or plot plan, in duplicate, drawn to scale, which shall contain accurate in-
formation and dimensions as to the size of and location of the lot, the size and location of the existing and
proposed building or structures on the lot, the dimensions of all yards and open spaces, and such other in-
formation as may be necessary to provide for the enforcement of this Ordinance.

3.	Before any building or structure is erected, constructed, altered or moved on any property
within the City of Las Vegas, the building permit application together with plans, drawings, sketches or des-
criptions of same, shall be submitted to the Planning Commission or its designated agent for approval or dis-
approval. The Planning Commission may designate its Planning Engineer as its agent to receive and inspect, con-
sider and approve or disapprove said plans on behalf of said Commission. When he has ascertained that the plans
conform to the requirements for the district in which the buildings, structure or use is to be located, he
shall immediately approve same and return to the Building Inspector without delay. When he has ascertained

that the plans do not conform to the requirements for the district in which the building, structure or use is
to be located, he shall immediately disapprove same and return to the Building Inspector without delay.

4. In all cases where the Governing Body has allowed a variance or a use permit as authorized in
this Ordinance, the Building Inspector may issue a building permit sufficient to allow such building or work
to be done in accordance with the decision of the Governing Body, provided that not permit shall be issued
pursuant to any decision until the time for rehearing or for appeal therefrom shall have expired and then only
in the event that no appeal or application for rehearing shall have been filed within such time.
5.	No building permit shall be issued by the Building Inspector unless it shall appear from the
application for such permit and coincident application for certificate of occupancy that the building for which
such permit is granted shall conform to all of the applicable regulations of this Ordinance and is to be
occupied for a use in conformity with the provisions of this Ordinance. Any permit issued in conflict with this
Ordinance shall be null and void.

SECTION XXV. ARCHITECTURAL SUPERVISION:

In case an application is made for a Building Permit for any building, structure or other improvement
in any C-1, C-2, or C-S District as established by this zoning ordinance, or for any building, structure or
other improvement in any M-1, M-2, or any other district established by this ordinance when such building,
structure or improvement is adjacent to any State Highway, Major Highway, or Parkway as designated on the
Master Plan of Streets and Highways of the City as adopted by the Governing Body, then such application shall
be accompanied by drawings or sketches showing the exterior elevations of the proposed buildings, structures
or other improvements, the tupes of materials and colors to be used and sign to be displayed, as the same will
appear after the work for which the permit is sought has been completed. Such drawings of sketches shall be
considered by the Planning Commission in an endeavor to provide that such buildings, structures and other im-
provements shall be so designed and constructed that they will not be of unsightly, undesirable or obnoxious
appearance to the extent that they will hinder the orderly and harmonious development of the City, limit the
opportunity to attain the optimum use and value of land and improvements, impair the desirability of living
conditions in the same area or adjacent agricultural or residential area, and/or otherwise adversely affect
the general prosperity and welfare. To this end, the Planning Commission shall suggest any changes in the
plans of such proposed building, structures and other improvements which it may deem to be necessary to ac-
complish the purpose of this section, and may refuse to approve any such plans until it is satisfied that such
purpose will be accomplished thereby.

The Planning Commission may by resolution duly recorded in its minutes adopt certain general rules
and specifications and such illustrative architectural drawings showing desirable standards and types or de-
design, materials, colors and styles of signs and lettering as will provide a basis and guide for the approval
of plans for proposed buildings in each district. The Planning Commission shall appoint and designate one of
its members as chairman of an architectural advisory Committee of three, to serve in behalf of the Planning
Commission in passing upon architectural filed as required herein.

The Planning Commission shall act upon all such plans upon the receipt of same and in any event
within thirty days after their receipt, and failure to notify the applicant of disapproval of said plans
within such period, unless the applicant consents to an extension of time, shall constitute approval of the
plans insofar as this section of this ordinance is concerned.

In case of disapproval or conditional approval by the Planning Commission of any plans submitted in
compliance with this section, copies of the plans with the findings of the Planning Commission and reasons
for their action attached shall be filed immediately with the Clerk of the Governing Body. If the applicant is
not satisfied with the action of the Planning Commission, he may within thirty (30) days after such action,
appeal in writing to the Governing Body. Said Board shall hold a hearing on said appeal and shall render its
decision thereon within thirty (30) days after the filing thereof. No permit, as provided therein, shall be
issued unless the plans filed with the application therefor as required in this section shall first have been
approved by the Planning Commission or by the Governing Body.

Upon such approval the Building Inspector of the city shall issue such permit, provided all other
provisions of the law have been complied with. Every drawing or sketch filed under the provisions of this
section shall become a part of the permanent records of the Planning Commission.

SECTION XXVI: CERTIFICATES OF OCCUPANCY:

A. Certificates of Occupancy shall be required for any of the following:

1. Occupancy and use of a building or structure hereafter erected, altered, or structurally
altered.

2.	Change in use of an existing building or structure to a use of a different classification.

3.	Occupancy and use of a vacant lot.

4.	Change in the use of land to a use of a different classification.

5.	Any change in the use of a non-conforming use.

No such occupancy, use, or change of use of any building, structure or land shall take place
until a certificate of occupancy therefor shall have been issued by the City Building Inspector.

B. Written application for a certificate of occupancy for a new building or structure or for an
existing building or structure which has been altered shall be made at the same time as the application for
the building permit for such building or structure. Said certificate shall be issued within ten (10) days
after written request for the same has been made to said City Building Inspector after the erection or
alteration of such building or structure or part thereof has been completed in conformity with the provisions
of this Ordinance.

C.	Written application for a certificate of Occupancy for the use of vacant land, or for a change in
the use of land, or of a building or structure, or for a change in a non-conforming use, as herein provided,
shall be made to said City Building Inspector; if the proposed use is in conformity with the provisions of
this Ordinance, the certificate of occupancy therefor shall be issued within ten (10) days after the appli-
cation for the same has been made.

D.	A certificate of Occupancy shall be oh a printed form furnished by the City of Las Vegas. Such
certificate when completed shall describe the lot or parcel of land, the present and proposed use of land or
existing building or structures, and the number, size, and location of any new building or structures proposed
to be constructed, and the alterations proposed to be made on any existing buildings or structures, as pro-
posed By the applicant. Every certificate of occupancy shall state that the Building or the proposed use of

a building or land complies with all provisions of law and of all City Ordinances and regulations. A record
of all certificates of occupancy shall be kept on file in the office of the Building Inspector and copies s all
be furnished, on request, to any person having proprietary or tenancy interest in the building or land affected.
No fee shall be charged for an initial certificate of occupancy issued concurrently with a building permit.

For all other such certificates, or copies of an original certificate there shall be a charge of one ($1.00)
Dollar each.
E. No vacant land in any district established under the provisions of this ordinance, shall hereafter
be occupied or used, except as specified or for agricultural uses as permitted other than hog ranches or lives-
stock or commercial feed yards or dairying, and no building or structure hereafter erected or structurally
altered in any such district shall be occupied or used until a certificate of occupancy shall have been issued
by the Building Inspector. Such certificates shall be subject to review and approval of the office of the
Planning Commission and so counter-signed.

F.	No permit for excavation for any building or structure shall be issued before application has been
made for a certificate of occupancy.

G.	Falsification of a Certificate of Occupancy or a use of property or of a building not in conformity
with such certificate shall be deemed a violation of this Ordinance as set forth in Section XXXI hereof.

SECTION XXVII: WATER SUPPLY AND SEWAGE DISPOSAL:

Every residence, business, trade, or industry hereafter established and requiring water supply and
sewage disposal facilities shall provide such facilities conforming to standards of design and location
approved by the State Department of Public Health, the City Health authority or any local ordinances, and any
new water supply and sewage disposal facilities hereafter provided for existing uses shall conform to such
standards.

SECTION XXVIII: AMENDMENTS AND CHANGES:

A.	Whenever the public necessity, convenience, general welfare or good zoning practice require, the
Governing Body may from time to time after report thereon by the Planning Commission and after public hearings
as required by law, amend, supplement, modify, change or repeal, the regulations and restrictions, and the
boundaries or districts or classifications of property herein or subsequently established.

B.	Amendments, supplements or changes may be initiated in the following manner either by:

1.	The Planning Commission upon its own motions.

2.	The Governing Body upon its own motions.

3.	Petition of one or more of the owners of property within the area proposed to be changed.

Such petition shall be in the form of an "Application for Change of Land Use Classification,"
shall be filed in the office of the Planning Commission upon forms furnished by the Commission for the purpose
and be accompanied by such data and information as may be prescribed for the purpose by the Commission so as to
assure the fullest practicable presentation of facts for the permanent records. Each such application shall be
verified by at least one of the owners of property within the area proposed to be changed by such application,
attesting to the truth and correctness of all facts and information presented with the application. The Plan-
ning Commission shall report on all proposed changes or amendments regardless of the manner in which such
changes or amendments were initiated.

C.	When deemed necessary or otherwise required by law the Planning Commission shall hold a public
hearing upon any Application for Change of Land Use Classification. If such hearing is to be held notice thereof
shall be given in the manner of procedure prescribed in Section 21, paragraphs E, F, G, H of this Ordinance
except that such procedure shall specifically refer to "Application for Change of Land Use Classification",

and where all property within the area proposed to be changed is not under the same ownership, the owners of
any property within the boundaries of the land proposed for such reclassifications shall also be notified of
such hearing. Within ninety (90) days after the date of the meeting of which said Commission set the time and
place for said hearing or within ninety (90) days after the filing of such application when hearing is required
the Planning Commission shall report its findings and recommend in writing to the Governing Body approval or
denial of the proposed change or amendment. The applicant shall be notified by the Commission of its recommend-
ation, such notice sent by registered mail not more than three (3) days after the Commission has filed said
report with the Governing Body.

D. When the Planning Commission deems it necessary or expedient the Commission may consider other
property for change or amendment in addition to the property described in an Application for Change of Land Use
Classification and may include such additional property in the notices of hearing, and consider amendments re-
lating to such property at the public hearing.

E. The Governing Body shall consider the Application for Change of Land Use Classification and report
of the Planning Commission thereon at its next regular meeting after receipt of said report. If, from the facts
presented and by findings of the report of the Planning Commission it has been determined that the public
necessity, convenience, general welfare or good zoning practice require the change or reclassification involved
or any portion thereof, the Governing Body may by Ordinance effect such amendment, supplement, change or re-
classification or any portion thereof.

F.	Any ordinance of the Governing Body effecting an amendment, supplement, change, reclassification
or repeal of the regulations and restrictions, and the boundaries of districts or classifications of property
herein or subsequently established, or any portion thereof shall be accomplished by first conducting a public
hearing thereon. At least fifteen (15) days notice of time and place of such hearing shall be published in an
official paper, or a paper of general circulation, in the City of Las Vegas.

G.	Any application for change of Land Use Classification initiated by a property owner shall be

accompanied by a fee payable to the City of	Las Vegas which	shall be	in the sum	of twenty-five ($25.00) dollars

for any one lot or parcel of land plus five	($5.00)	dollars	for each	additional	lot or parcel of land included

within such petition. The number of lots or	parcels	of land	involved	in any application is to be determined

from the records of the County Recorder or Assessor	of Clark County,	Nevada, on	the date of the application.

All costs of maps, publication and notice to property owners, and other administrative expenses involved, shall
be covered by such fee.

H.	When proposed changes or amendments are initiated	by the Planning Commission or by the	Governing

Body	all	expenses including publication and notification costs	of each public hearing shall be paid	by the

body before which such hearing is held.

SECTION XXIX: FORM OF PETITIONS, APPLICATIONS AND APPEALS:

The Planning Commission shall in its rules prescribe	the form and scope of all petitions,	applications,

and appeals provided for in the ordinance, and of accompanying	data to be furnished so as to assure	the fullest

practicable presentation of facts for proper consideration of the matter involved in each case and for a perm-
anent record. Any application for an adjustment or variance as provided in Section XXI of this ordinance
or for a use permit as provided in Section XXII of this ordinance, shall include a verification by at least
one of the applicants or petitioners, attesting to the truth and correctness of all facts, information and maps
presented with said application. Such verification shall be dated and attested before a notary public or before
the City Clerk.

SECTION XXX: GOVERNING BODY APPROVES:

Any interpretation, opinion, supplemental classification, combining regulation, variance, adjustment,
use permit, special permit, amendment, rules or regulations of the Planning Commission, ot other act or report
of the Planning Commission shall be deemed to be administrative acts to secure the intent and general purpose
of this Ordinance all as hereinbefore	set	forth and shall	be established by	resolution of said Commission,

and before the same shall become final	and	effective shall	be transmitted in	writing to and approved by resolution

or minute order of the Governing Body duly adopted with designation at the time as to whether or not the public
shall be duly informed of such act by publication of same in a newspaper of general circulation throughout the
City of Las Vegas, or other manner of notice thereof.

SECTION XXXI: LEGAL PROCEDURE, ENFORCEMENT, AND PENALTIES:

A.	It shall be the duty of the Building Inspector to enforce the provisions of this Ordinance, per-

taining to the erection, construction, reconstruction, moving, conversion or alteration of buildings, or to
the occupancy of land or any building	or structure or any	addition thereto.	It shall be the duty of the City

Clerk and all officials charged with	the	issuance of licenses to enforce the provisions of this ordinance

pertaining to the use of land or buildings for which any such license is required by any other Ordinance of the
City.

B.	It shall be the duty of the Chief of Police and all officers charged with the enforcement of the
law to enforce this Ordinance and all the provisions of the same.

C.	Any person, whether acting as principal, agent, employee or otherwise, violating any provision of
this Ordinance or of any variance, adjustment or special permit granted hereunder, or the owner, general agent,
lessee or tenant of a building or premises or of a part of such building or premises where a violation of any
provision of this Ordinance exists, or any other person who commits, takes part or assists in any such viola-
tion, or who maintains any building or premises in which any such violation shall exist, shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof, shall be punishable by a fine of not more than Five Hundred
($500.00) Dollars or by imprisonment in the City Jail of the City of Las Vegas, or in the County Jail or the
County of Clark, at the discretion of the Committing Magistrate, for not to exceed six (6) months, or by both
such fine and imprisonment. Such person shall be deemed guilty of a separate offense for each and every day
during any portion of which any violation of this Ordinance is committee by such person, and upon conviction
therefor shall be punishable as herein provided.

D.	Any building or structure hereafter set up, erected, built, moved or maintained or any use of
property hereafter contrary to the provisions of this Ordinance, shall be and the same is hereby declared to
be unlawful and a public nuisance and the City Attorney shall, upon order of the Coverning Body, immediately
commence action or actions, proceeding or proceedings, for the abatement, removal, or enjoinment thereof, in
the manner provided by law, and shall take such other steps and shall apply to such court or courts as may
have jurisdiction to grant such relief as will abate or remove such building, structure or use and restrain
and enjoin any person from setting up, erecting, moving, or maintaining any such building, or structure or
using any property contrary to the provisions of this Ordinance.

E. All remedies provided for herein shall be cumulative and not exclusive.

F. The issuance or granting of a building permit or approval of plans or specifications under the
authority of the Las Vegas Building Code shall not be deemed or construed to be a permit for, or an approval
of any violation of any of the provisions of this Ordinance or any amendment thereto, or of any other Ordinance
of law. No permit presuming to give authority to violate or cancel any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall
be valid except insofar as the work or use which is authorized is lawful and permitted.

SECTION XXXII: VALIDITY:

A. In the event any portion, section, subsection, sentence, clause, or phrase of this Ordinance is
for any reason held to be invalid or unconstitutional by the decision of any court of competent jurisdiction,
such decision shall not affect the validity of the remaining portions of this ordinance. The Governing Body
hereby declares that it would have passed this Ordinance and each section, subsection, sentence, clause and
phrase thereof, irrespective of the fact that one or more of the sections, subsections, clauses and phrases
thereof be declared invalid or unconstitutional.

SECTION XXXIII: REPEALING:

Ordinance No. 264 of the City of Las Vegas, and all amendments thereof, and all Ordinances and parts
of Ordinances inconsistent with the provisions of this Ordinance are hereby repealed.

SECTION XXXIV:

That all ordinances or parts of ordinances inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed to the extent only of
such inconsistency. This repealer shall not be construed to revive any ordinance or part of any ordinance
heretofore repealed.

SECTION XXXV:

This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next section provided, and
final passage.

SECTION XXXVI:

The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause this ordinance to
be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas.

E.	W. Cragin

ATTEST:	Mayor

Shirley Ballinger_______________

City Clerk
The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City Com-
missioners on the 26th day of ______________November_________, 1948 and referred to the following committee com-
posed of Commissioners ______________________________________Baskin and Clark_ for recommendation; thereafter the said committee

reported favorably on the 7th____________day of January	1949? which was a regular meeting of said

Board of City Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on the 7th day of January 1949,
the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and approved
by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple, and His Honor Mayor Cragin.________________________________

Voting "Nay":	NONE_______________________________________________________________________________________________

Absent:	NONE _____________________________________________________________________________________________________—

APPROVED:

________E. W. Cragin___________________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

_______Shirley Ballinger_____________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners

for a second time at a _____recessed regular	meeting of the said Board held on the 24th day of

January______________, 1949, and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple, and His Honor Mayor Cragin.____________________________

Voting "Nay":	NONE_______________________________________________________________________________________________

Absent:	NONE______________________________________________________________________________________________________

APPROVED:

_______E. W. Cragin___________________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

_______Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK) ss.

_______Dick Lochrie__________, being first duly sworn? deposes and says: That he is foreman_______________________ of

the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper? of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas? in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said news

paper for a period of two weeks________________ from January 14, 1949 to	January 21, 1949 inclusive,

being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:	January 14 - 21, 1949	-_. That said

newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates named.

Signed Dick Lochrie____________________

Subsribed and sworn to before me this 21st day of January, 1949.

A. E. Cahlan_______________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nev.

My Commission Expires January 12. 1951.
ORDINANCE NO. 379.

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTIONS 3 AND 4 OF ORDINANCE NO. 364 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE
PROVIDING FOR THE IMPOSITION AND COLLECTION OF RATES, FEES AND CHARGES FOR THE USE OF THE SERVICES AND FAC-
ILITIES OF THE SEWAGE DISPOSAL SYSTEM OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS: AUTHORIZING AND EMPOWERING THE CITY TO REQUIRE
CONNECTION WITH SANITARY SEWERS SERVED OR WHICH MAY BE SERVED BY SAID DISPOSAL SYSTEM; PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR
THE FAILURE AND REFUSAL TO MAKE SUCH CONNECTION ; AND PLEDGING THE NET REVENUES DERIVED FROM THE IMPOSITION OF
SUCH RATES, FEES AND CHARGES AS ADDITIONAL SECURITY FOR THE PAYMENT OF THE LAS VEGAS SEWAGE DISPOSAL PLANT
BONDS, SERIES OF MAY 1, 1948," AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 3 of the above entitled Ordinance No. 364 is	hereby amended to read as	follows:

Section 3. The following schedule of rates for service rendered	by or through said	system	is hereby	es-

tablished:

SEWER RATES (Monthly)

SCHEDULE A: One-family residence one dollar ($1.00) per month.

SCHEDULE B: Two-family residence one dollar and forty cents ($1.40) per month.

SCHEDULE C: Motels, auto courts, and hotels eight cents ($.08)	per month for each	fixture, provided

however, that the minimum charge for each such motel, auto court, or hotel shall be one dollar ($1.00) per month.

SCHEDULE D: Multiple dwellings, up to and including four (4) units, seventy cents ($.70) each unit
per month. All units over four (4) and up to and including seven (7) units twenty cents ($.20) each additional
unit; all units over seven ten cents ($.10) each additional unit.

SCHEDULE E: For commercial and industrial businesses, the monthly charge to be paid by these users
of the sewer service furnished by the Municipal Sewer System shall be as follows:

(a) For the first two fixtures a monthly charge of One Dollar ($1.00) per month.

(b) For all fixtures over two, up to and including twelve (12) additional fixtures a charge of ten
cents ($.10) each for each additional fixture per month.

(c)	For all fixtures over twelve (12), there shall be an additional charge of three cents ($.03) for
each additional fixture per month.

(d)	In addition to the above commercial rates there shall be charged for each commercial wash rack,
the sum of seventy-five cents ($.75) per month.

(e)	In addition to the above commercial rates there shall be charged for each commercial dishwashing
machine an additional charge of one dollar ($1.00) per month.

In addition to the above commercial rates there shall be charge for each floor drain an additional
charge of seventy-five cents ($.75) per month.

The City Engineer and the City Manager are hereby authorized and directed to establish the charge
for any use of the municipal sewage disposal system not covered by the above schedule. The above schedule of
rates shall be effective upon the publication and final passage of this Ordinance, said publication to be made
immediately following the first reading and approval of the Ordinance. The City covenants and agrees that while
any of said bonds are outstanding, it will from time to time revise and adjust said schedule of rates to the
end that the revenue and income derived from the operation of the system will be sufficient to pay all opera-
ting and maintenance charges and both the principal of and the interest on the bonds authorized by Ordinance
No. 353, duly adopted on the 23rd day of April, 1948, as amended and supplemented. The City further covenants
that no free service shall be furnished by the system provided, however, that no charge will be made to the
United States of America, the State of Nevada, the County of Clark or any charitable institution for the direct
use by it of said system.

Section 2. Section 4 of the above entitled Ordinance No. 364 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 4. All bills for services rendered by or through said system shall be rendered quarterly in
advance on the first days of January, April, July and October of each year. In the event said bills are not
paid in full within twenty days (20) after the date when rendered, service shall be discontinued and thereafter
no sewer connection which has been disconnected for the non-payment of charges shall again be reconnected while
the property is in the same ownership until all costs incurred in the actual physical disconnection and recon-
nection have been paid and all delinquent sewage service charges have been paid to the City of Las Vegas. Pay-
ment of all bills rendered shall be made into the City Treasury and such bills may be paid annually in advance
and provided further that no license shall be granted for the conducting of any business requiring a city
license in any multiple dwelling or place of business unless the quarterly charge for the sewer service is paid
in advance. The sewer service charges fixed by Section 3 hereof shall be payable quarterly in advance, and shall
constitute a debt and obligation of the owner of the improved property, whose industrial, business or residential
establishment is connected to the Municipal Sewage Disposal System, to the City of Las Vegas, and said owner
shall be liable therefor in any action commenced by the City for the recovery of said charges in any court of
competent jurisdiction.

Section 3. That all ordinances or parts of ordinances inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed to
the extent only of such inconsistency. This repealer shall not be construed to revive any ordinance or part of
any ordinance heretofore repealed.

Section 4. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next
section provided, and final passage.

Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

S/ E. W. Cragin__________

ATTEST:	Mayor

S/ Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk
The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City Com-
missioners on the 7th day of December, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Com-
missioners Clark and Whipple_______________for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favor-

ably on said Ordinance on the 22nd day of December 1948, which was the next regular meeting
of said Board of City Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on the 22nd day of December,

1948,	the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and
approved by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": ______Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay":  None.

Absent: ____________Commissioner Baskin.	________________

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin__________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners
for a second time at a regular__________meeting of the said Board held on the 7th day of January_______________

1949,	and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners ________Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": Nones.___________________________________________________________________________________________

Absent: None.________________________

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin_________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK) ss.

Dick Lochrie	being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is _____foreman__________of the

Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said news-
paper for a period of two weeks_________from December 24th. 1948 to December 31st, 1948 inclusive,

being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:	December 24 - 31. 1948	That said

newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed________Dick Lochrie_______________

Subsribed and sworn to before me this 31st________day of December. 1948. .

A.	E. Cahlan_________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nev.

My Commission Expires January 12. 1951____________.

ORDINANCE NO. 380.

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING AUCTIONEERS AND AUCTION SALES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; REQUIRING PERMITS FOR THE CON-
DUCT OF AUCTION SALES AND FIXING THE FEES THEREFOR; PRESCRIBING THE CONDITIONS FOR, THE DURATION AND MANNER OF
THE CONDUCT OF AUCTION SALES; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION BE ANY OF THE PROVISIONS THEREOF; REPEALING
ALL ORDINANCE AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO:

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. DEFINITIONS. For the purposes of this ordinance,

(a)	the term "Auction Sale" shall mean a sale of property by public outcry to the highest bidder;

(b) the term "Auctioneer" shall mean any person who shall, by public outcry, sell or offer to sell
to the highest bidder at public offering, when bids are called for, any goods, wares, merchandise, livestock,
vehicles, fruits, stocks, bonds and other securities, or any personal property of whatsoever nature, or any
real estate or interest therein, at any store, stand or other place within the city where any and all persons
who choose so to do are permitted to attend and offer bids, or any person who shall advertise or in any other
manner hold himself out as an auctioneer for public patronage, or receive fees or other compensation for
services as such;

(c)	the term "Property" shall mean real property and personal property of whatsoever nature;

(d)	the term "Jewelry" shall mean any goods, wares and merchandise customarily kept in retail jewelry
stores for sale, including, but not limited to, precious and semiprecious stones and imitations thereof, whether
sold or offered for sale with or without settings, watches, clocks, rings, bracelets, articles made in whole or
in part of gold, silver, platinum or other precious or semiprecious metal, whether solid, plated or overlaid;

and, in addition thereto, shall also include glassware, leather goods, china, porcelain and art objects.
Section 2. PERMIT REQUIRED. It shall be unlawful for any person to advertise for disposal, offer for
sale, dispose of, or sell, or to cause or permit to be advertised for disposal, offered for sale, disposed of,
or sold, at public auction, within the City of Las Vegas, or in any manner carry on or conduct, or cause or
permit to be carried on or conducted, within the city, a public auction of, any property, whether the same shall
be his own property or the property of others, without first complying with the provisions of this Ordinance and
obtaining a permit so to do as herein provided; provided, that no permit shall be granted to any person unless
he is the holder of a valid and subsisting license as an auctioneer under Ordinance No. 244, as amended, is a
citizen of the United States or has duly declared his intention of becoming a citizen of the United States, and
has been a resident of the City Of Las Vegas for at least one (1) year next preceding the filing of his appli-
cation for such permit; and provided further, that no permit shall be granted to carry on or conduct an auction
sale of jewelry, as herein defined, unless such jewelry is the stock in trade of a merchant who has been, for
a period of at least one (1) year next preceding the filing of the application for such permit, continuously
engaged in the City of Las Vegas in the business of selling such jewelry at retail or wholesale only and is
disposing in good faith of his stock for the purpose of retiring from business.

Section 3. APPLICATION FOR PERMIT. All application for permits required by this Ordinance shall be
filed by the person who as auctioneer will carry on or conduct any auction sale with the City Clerk, addressed
to the Board of Commissioners, not less than twenty (20) days nor more than forty (40) days before the date of
the commencement of any auction sale, on forms furnished by the City Clerk, and each application shall be
accompanied by a fee of Twenty Dollars ($20.00), no part of which may be refunded to the applicant. All such
applications shall be verified and shall set forth the following information:

(a)	The name and address of applicant.

(b) Length of time applicant has been engaged in business in the City of Las Vegas.

(c) Length of time applicant has been a resident of the City of Las Vegas.

(d)	Time and place of any auction sale applicant may have conducted in the City of Las Vegas or else-
where within one (1) year prior to the date of application.

(e)	Whether applicant is the holder of a license as an auctioneer under Ordinance No. 244, as amended,
for the current period.

(f)	Whether applicant has ever made application for an auctioneer's license under Ordinance 244, as
amended, or a permit under this Ordinance, and has been refused the same.

(g)	Whether applicant has ever held an auctioneer's license under Ordinance No. 244; as amended, or a
permit under this ordinance, and whether the same has been revoked.

(h)	Whether applicant is a citizen of the United States or has duly declared his intention of becoming

a citizen.

(i)	The location of the place where the auction sale will be conducted.

(j)	The length of time for which the permit is desired and the date when the applicant desires to
commence said auction.

(k)	The name and address of the owner of the property proposed to be sold at said auction.

(1)	If the property proposed to be sold at said auction is jewelry, as herein defined, whether the
owner thereof, has been, for a period of at least one (1) year next preceding the filing of the application,
continuously engaged in the City of Las Vegas in the business of selling such jewelry at retail or wholesale
only, whether such jewelry is the stock in trade of such owner in said business, and whether such owner is
disposing of his stock at said auction for the purpose of retiring from business. The applicant shall also
furnish satisfactory evidence that the jewelry proposed to be sold is a bona fide part of the owner's stock in
trade, and that they were not secured, purchased or brought in to the owner's place of business for or in anti-
cipation of said sale.

(m)	If the property proposed to be sold at said auction is jewelry, as herein defined, an inventory
of the same, prepared as follows:

Each item shall be listed separately, except that items which are to be sold as a set, or together,
may be listed together as a single item. Any property so listed may not be sold otherwise than together as listed.
Items, or sets, or groups of items, listed shall be separately and consecutively numbered, beginning with the
number one.

Following the name of each article, and upon the same line or immediately beneath it, shall be:

(1)	A description of the article, giving the name of the manufacturer, if known, the manufacturer's
number, if any, the name, size or weight of any precious or semiprecious stones or imitations thereof, the kind

of metal, the grade or fineness thereof used in said article, together which such other and further information
as shall reasonably, tend to inform persons examining the inventory of the nature and quality of the articles
listed and to identify the same; and

(2)	The wholesale or invoice values thereof.

Section 4. PERMIT FEE AND BOND REQUIRED. No permit, as required by this Ordinance, shall be granted unless
the applicant therefor shall have first paid to the City Clerk at the time of filing his application the fee
prescribed herein, and unless there shall first be filed by or in behalf and on the part of said applicant with
the City Clerk at the time of filing his application, or at such time thereafter as the Board of Commissioners
may allow, a bond executed to the City of Las Vegas by a surety company duly authorized so to do and authorized to
do business in the State of Nevada, to be approved by the Board of Commissioners. Said bond, in form, must be
joint and several, and the penalty thereof, where the property proposed to be sold is jewelry, as herein de-
fined, must be a sum equal to one (1) per cent of the total invoice or wholesale value of the articles listed
in the inventory, but not less than Two Thousand Dollars ($2000.00) nor more than Five Thousand Dollars ($5000.00)
in any event, and the penalty thereof, where the property proposed to be sold is other than jewelry, must be
Two Thousand Dollars ($2000.00). Said bond must be conditioned to be paid to the City of Las Vegas or to any
person suffering injury by reason of any violation of the provisions of this Ordinance, and that the principal
therein named will faithfully conform to each and all of the rules and regulations prescribed by the Board of
Commissioners for the conduct of auction sales and the business of auctioneers, and will faithfully abide by
and conform to this Ordinance and each ordinance of the City of Las Vegas whether then in force or thereafter
adopted. Said bond shall not be void upon the first recovery, but may be sued and recovered upon from time to
time by any person aggrieved, and in his own name, until the whole penalty is exhausted.

Section 5. PERMIT — INVESTIGATION - ISSUANCE - DENIAL. The Board of Commissioners may refer said
application to the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas, who shall investigate and report to said Board
within ten (10) days from receipt of said application. or the Board may otherwise conduct or cause to be con-
ducted an investigation, as to the character of the applicant, whether the place where said sale is proposed
to be conducted is a proper place for such sale, whether the proposed sale is to be conducted in good faith,
and whether the articles proposed to be sold, if the same is jewelry, as herein defined, are properly des-
cribed, labeled or tagged, and the Board shall order the permit to be issued by the City Clerk to the applicant
unless the Board shall find that the conduct of such sale at the time and place, or by the applicant, will be
against the public interest, or tend to result in defrauding the public, or that any false statement in the
application was knowingly and intentionally made, or that the articles proposed to be sold, if the same is
jewelry, as herein defined, are not properly described, labeled or tagged, as required herein, in which event,
the Board may, in its discretion, deny the application; provided, that no order denying the application shall
be final until ten (10) days after the Board shall have notified the applicant, by mail or in person, of its
intent to deny the application and inform him that such denial will be effective and final at the expiration
of ten (10) days after service of such notice, unless, within such period, he requests in writing a hearing
thereon. If within such period the applicant requests a hearing, the same shall be conducted in the manner
prescribed by the Board.

Section 6. SUSPENSION OR REVOCATION OF PERMIT - NOTICE OF SUSPENSION OR REVOCATION. The Board of
Commissioners may, upon its own motion or upon complaint under oath made by any person, revoke or suspend any
permit issued hereunder for the following reasons:

(a)	If the Board, in its discretion, finds that the continuance of the auction sale would result in
detriment to the public welfare;

(b)	If the permittee is not a fit or proper person to exercise the privileges of the permit?

(c)	If the permittee has made any misstatement of a material matter in his application for a permit?

(d)	If the permittee has violated or failed to comply with any provision of this Ordinance, or in
the conduct of such sale has committed or permitted the commission of any act or practice of fraud, misrepre-
sentation, deceit or deception in connection with the conduct of such sale?

(e)	If the permittee has committed or permitted the commission of any act or practice in connection
with such sale or any other auction sale constituting a violation of any law or ordinance?

(f)	If the permittee has violated or failed to comply with any rule or regulation adopted by the

Board?

(g)	If the permittee has conducted such sale in such a manner as to constitute a breach of the peace
or to constitute a menace to the health, safety or general welfare of the public;

(h)	Whenever the Board believes that in the public interest and necessity sufficient cause exists

therefor.

When a permit is thus revoked or suspended, the Board shall so notify the permittee by mail or in
person, and give the reasons for such revocation or suspension.

Section 7. ADOPTION OF RULES AND REGULATIONS. The Board of Commissioners may adopt reasonable rules
and regulations not in conflict herewith requiring additional information upon application for permits? add-
itional records and reports on transactions at and conduct of auction sales? or prescribing additional rules
and regulations governing the conduct of such sales and matters incidental thereto when, after investigation,
it finds that such rules and regulations are reasonably necessary in the public interest.

Section 8. PERMIT TO SPECIFY TIME AND LOCATION OF AUCTION - LIMITATION ON TIME AND DURATION OF
JEWELRY AUCTION. The permit required hereunder shall specify the location within the City of Las Vegas at
which the auction sale is to be conducted, and the period of time, specifying the dates thereof, for which the
permit is granted, and it shall be unlawful for any permittee to conduct such sale at any place within the city
or at any time other than that specified in such permit. No permit shall be granted for the sale of jewelry,
as herein defined, at public auction to be held within thirty days (30) next preceding December 25 of each
year, and in no event shall a permit for the sale of such jewelry at public auction be granted for a period
exceeding thirty (30) consecutive days, including Sundays and holidays.

Section 9. POSTING OF PERMIT. Not less than four (4) copies	of this ordinance, printed	or typewritten

in type of	size and style approved by the Board of Commissioners, shall	be displayed in a position	and location

to be readily read by prospective bidders in the room where the sale is being held, and at least one (1) copy
thereof shall be displayed in such position and location as to be readily read by persons outside such building.
The permit issued therefor shall at all times, while valid, be kept posted in the room where such public
auction is being conducted.

Section 10. SALES IN STREETS AND PUBLIC PLACES PROHIBITED. It shall be unlawful for any auctioneer
or other person to offer for sale or sell at public auction or public outcry any property upon any street or
public place in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 11. RECORD - REPORTS. The permittee must keep a book in which he shall enter all sales, the
amount paid and the date of each sale, which book shall be open at all times for the inspection of the Police
Department and any person interested therein.

In addition thereto, if the auction sale is of jewelry, as herein defined, the permittee shall keep
a true	and	correct copy of the inventory filed with the City Clerk, and	before the commencement of	the sale

on any	day	shall indicate thereon in an appropriate manner the articles	sold, if any, on the previous day,

and the date thereof. The permittee shall also keep a daily record of the inventory number of each article
sold, the date of the sale, and the name of the purchaser thereof. If any articles listed on the inventory
be sold or disposed of otherwise than by sale at public auction, such fact, with full particulars thereof,
shall be entered on the record last above provided for. Within ten (10) days after the termination of such
auction sale, the copy of the inventory and the separate record of disposition of goods, together with a
list of the articles set out on the inventory and not shown on said report to have been sold or otherwise
disposed of, shall be delivered to the City Clerk.

Section 12. LABELING OR TAGGING ARTICLES. Each item listed upon the inventory filed with the City
clerk shall have securely attached thereto a tag or label upon which shall be plainly written or printed in
English a number corresponding with the number of such item in the inventory, and upon which shall be
plainly written or printed in English a true and correct statement of the kind and quality of the metal or
other substance of which such article is made or composed, and the weight and percentage of karat of purity
thereof. In case such article is plated or overlaid, then such tag or label shall contain in a true statement!
of the kind of plate or overlay and the percentage of purity thereof and the kind of metal or material covered.
In case such article is in whole or in part a precious or semiprecious stone, said statement shall contain the!
true name, weight, quality and fineness of such stone, and imitations shall be described as such. In case such
article is a watch or clock, said statement shall also contain the true name of the manufacturer thereof, and
if any secondhand or old part or movement, or substitute part or movement, of any watch or clock be offered in
a new case, such fact shall be set forth in said statement.

Such tag or label shall remain securely attached to every article and, without any erasure, defacement,
or obliteration of the number and statement required to appear thereon, shall be delivered to the purchaser as
a true and correct description and representation of the article sold, and shall be deemed prima facie evidence
of intent to defraud in case such written or printed statement be not a true and correct description and rep-
resentation of such article sold.

Section 13. PRIVATE SALE. No property shall be sold at private sale at the place for which a permit
has been granted for the conduct of an auction sale during the progress of such auction or on any day when
such property is advertised for sale at public auction, other than by public outcry and to the highest bidder.

Section 14. CONDUCT OF SALE. All auction sales shall be conducted as follows:

(a)	Each day before the commencement of the auction, the permittee shall announce the terms of the sale.

(b)	The permittee, at each time a bid is announced or accepted, shall give some description of the
person making the bid, and also point out or designate the location of the bidder on the premises.

(c)	No permittee, his agents, servants, employees, or the owner, or other person on their behalf, shall

make any false or misleading statement concerning the ownership, kind, character, quality, condition, make,
size, price, or other fact	pertaining to any article	sold or offered for sale.

(d)	No permittee,	his employee, or the owner, or other	person on their	behalf, shall	act as a	by-bidder

or what is commonly know as a "capper" or "booster",	or make or	accept any false or misleading bid, or	falsely

pretend to buy or sell any	article, or conspire with	any person	to make a false	or fictitious	bid; and	no

permittee, his employee, or the owner of the articles, or other person acting on their behalf, shall bid or
purchase at said sale unless, at the time such bid is made, the permittee shall announce, in such tone and
manner as to be plainly heard and understood in all parts of the room in which the sale is being conducted,
that such bid is for the benefit of the permittee, his employee, or the owner, as the case may be.

(e) Each article offered for sale shall be sold a s offered, if a bid be made by more than one bona
fide bidder, before another articles is offered for sale, and without any reasonable delay. There shall be no
reserved price on any article unless, at the time the article is offered for sale, the permittee shall announce
the reserved price in such tone and manner as to be plainly heard and understood in all parts of the room in
which the sale is being conducted. If any article is offered for sale and two or more bids are made thereon,
and such article is afterwards withdrawn from sale for the reason that the highest bid did not equal the re-
served price as announced, there shall not be the same or another article of the same kind or class offered
for sale until four other sales have been made, or for one hour, whichever is the longer time.

(f)	No free drawing shall be conducted, nor gifts be given, nor any form of entertainment be given for
the encouragement of attendance at such sale, or for any other purpose.

(g)	Upon request of any person who has bid upon an article offered for sale, the permittee shall allow
such bidder a reasonable opportunity to examine such article, and such bidder may thereafter withdraw his bid
at any time before the permittee declares the article sold.

(h)	The permittee shall allow any police officer or duly authorized representative of the Board of
Commissioners, during regular business hours of the day, to examine any article held for sale by auction,
offered for sale, or sold, at any time before such article is delivered to the purchaser.

(i)	No person other than the permittee shall cry the sale of any article at said auction sale.

Section 15. ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR CONDUCT OF JEWELRY AUCTIONS. In addition to the requirements
prescribed herein for the conduct of auction sales generally, all auctions for the sale of jewelry, as herein
defined, shall also be conducted as follows:

(a)	Before accepting any bids upon any article, the permittee shall read, in such manner as to be
readily heard and understood at any place in the room where the said auction is being conducted, the description
of the article as it appears on the label or tag attached thereto.

(b)	The permittee shall give to each purchaser of an article sold at auction, the selling price of which
amounts to more than Two Dollars ($2.00), a written invoice containing a full description of such article as

it appears upon the inventory required herein; the selling price thereof; and a statement giving each and
every warranty under which the article was sold. Duplicate copies of all invoices shall be kept by the permittee,
within the City of Las Vegas, available for inspection by police officers, or the Board of Commissioners, or a
duly authorized representative or said Board, for six (6) months after termination of each auction sale.

(c)	Public auction sales shall be conducted only between the hours of 10:00 A. M. and 6:00 P. M. of
the same day. No sales shall be conducted on Sundays or legal holidays.

(d)	No articles other than articles listed upon the inventory filed with the City Clerk shall be sold
at the auction authorized by the permit issued therefor.

(e)	If an applicant for a permit desires to sell at auction, in connection with such auction sale,
articles other than articles of jewelry as defined herein, such articles shall be separately listed upon the
inventory filed with his application; and all provisions of this Ordinance with respect to ownership of property,
inventorying, labeling, tagging of articles, time and method of sale, and records and reports of sales, shall
apply to such articles.

(f)	The permittee may offer for sale, as a group, two or more items listed upon the inventory, only
if all of the items in such group have a reserved price placed thereon and the reserved price is properly
announced as herein provided, provided that, after such article or group of articles has been offered for sale
and two or more bids have been made, no articles or article shall be added to such article or group, or taken
from such group; but if the permittee desires to withdraw any article from a group of items offered together

for the reason that the highest bid does not equal the reserved price, the entire group be withdrawn and the
provision of this ordinance with respect to the sale of articles withdrawn from sale shall be applicable to
each of the articles in such group.
(g)	No article shall be sold or offered for sale which does not have attached thereto or thereon the
tag or label required herein, or if said tag or label is defaced or mutilated.

Section 16. EXEMPTIONS. The provisions of this ordinance shall not apply to auction sales of property
owned by, or in the lawful possession, custody or control of banks, trust companies, trustees in bankruptcy,
assignees for the benefit of creditors, executors and administrators, selling or disposing of such property
under the laws of the United States or the State of Nevada; nor of property sold at judicial sales; nor of
unclaimed or undelivered property held by common carriers or public warehouses, selling or disposing of the
same for freight or storage charges; nor of property being sold solely for charitable or benevolent purposes
or for any church, fair, festival or bazaar; nor of property held by licensed pawnbrokers, selling or disposing
of the same as unredeemed pledges in the manner provided ty the law, provided, that not less than ten (10) days
prior to the commencement of such sale he shall notify the Board of Commissioners in writing of his intention
to sell or dispose of such property at such sale and the time, place and estimated duration thereof, and pro-
vided further that the pledge number of each article sold or offered for sale shall be affixed to such article
and shall be announced by the auctioneer at the time such article is offered for sale at auction.

Section 17. PENALTY. Any person violating any of the terms or provisions of this ordinance shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine not to exceed Five
Hundred Dollars ($500.00) or ty imprisonment in the City Jail for a term not to exceed six (6) months, or by
both fine and imprisonment.

Section 18. The provisions of this ordinance shall be severable, and if any of said provisions, or the
application thereof to any person, body or circumstances, shall be held to be invalid or unconstitutional, the
remainder of this ordinance, or the application of such provision to persons, bodies, or circumstances other than
those as to which it shall have been held invalid or unconstitutional, shall not be affected thereby. It is

hereby declared as the intent of the Board of Commissioners that this ordinance would have been adopted had such valid or unconstitutional provision, or the
application thereof to persons, bodies or circumstances as to which it shall have been held invalid and uncon-
stitutional, not been included therein.

Section 19. REPEAL OF CONFLICTING ORDINANCES. All ordinances or parts of ordinances inconsistent
with this ordinance are hereby repealed only to the extent of such inconsistencies.

Section 20. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next
section provided, and final passage.

Section 21. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas.

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 21st day of January	, 1949, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners

Moore and Whipple	for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance

on the 7th day of March	1949, which was the regular	meeting of said Board of Com-
missioners; that at said regular	meeting, held on the 7th_day of March	, 1949, the

proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted ty the
following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners	Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay":  None.

Absent:	None._____________________________________________________________________

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. CRAGIN____________________

ATTEST:	Mayor

S/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER_______________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of Commissioners for
a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 22nd day of March , 1949,
and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay"; None.	

Absent: Commissioner Baskin.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	S/ E. W. CRAGIN

S/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
CITY CLERK
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK) ss.

Dick Lochrie____________being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman	of the Las

Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper
for a period of two weeks	from March 9. 1949 to March 16, 1949 inclusive, being the issues

of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: March 9-16, 1949 . That said newspaper was regularly issued
and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day of March. 1949.

__________A. E. CAHLAN_______________

Notary Public in and for Clark County

Nevada

My Commissions Expires January 12, 1951.___________

ORDINANCE NO. 381

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION X OF ORDINANCE NO. 378 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE OF THE
COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ESTABLISHING A LAND USE PLAN WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CREATING
ELEVEN (11) DISTRICTS, REGULATING AND RESTRICTING: THE USE OF LAND, THE LOCATION AND USE OF BUILDINGS AND
OTHER STRUCTURES; THE HEIGHTS AND BULK OF BUILDINGS AND OTHER STRUCTURES; THE PROVISION OF OPEN SPACES FOR
LIGHT AND AIR; THE INTENSITY OF SUCH USES AND THE DENSITY OF POPULATION; ESTABLISHING BUILDING SETBACK LINES;
ADOPTING A MAP OF SUCH DISTRICTS; DEFINING THE TERMS USED HEREIN; PROVIDING FOR THE ADJUSTMENT AND AMENDMENT
THEREOF; REQUIRING THAT CERTAIN PERMITS SHALL BE SECURED FOR SUCH BUILDINGS, STRUCTURES AND IMPROVEMENTS AND
FOR THE USE THEREOF, AND OF LANDS; REQUIRING CERTAIN FEES; PROVIDING FOR ENFORCEMENT AND PRESCRIBING PENALTIES
FOR VIOLATION THEREOF, AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH," AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND
PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section X of the above entitled ordinance is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section X; R-1 (SINGLES FAMILY RESIDENCE) DISTRICT REGULATIONS.

A.	Uses Permitted:

1.	One-family dwellings of a permanent character, placed in a permanent location.

2.	The following agricultural uses: Field crops, truck gardening, berry or bush crops, tree crops,
flower gardening, orchards, greenhouses for purposes of propagation and culture when incidental
to the residential use of the property and not for commercial purposes, but excluding small
livestock farming.

3.	Uses customarily incidental to any of the above uses, including home occupations or the office
of a physician, dentist, minister of religion or other similar profession, provided (a) that
such office is situated in the same dwelling unit as the home of the occupant; (b) that such
office shall not be used for the general practice of medicine, surgery, dentistry, but may be
used for consultation and emergency treatment as an adjunct to a principle office; and (c) that
there shall be no assistants employed.

4.	Accessory buildings and uses incidental to each single-family dwelling when placed upon the same
lot or parcel of land and not used or operated commercially, but not including guest houses,
accessory living quarters or accessory dwellings.

5. The following additional uses, subject to the issuance of a use permit in each case as provided
in Section XXII of this ordinance:

(a)	Public and quasi-public uses, churches.

(b)	Real estate offices, temporary only.

B.	Building Height Limit:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	Building Site Area Required:

The minimum building site area for each one-family dwelling shall be six thousand (6,000) square
feet; the minimum frontage shall be sixty (60) feet and the minimum depth shall be one hundred (100) feet,
except in the case of recorded lots which can be used as provided in Section VI of this Ordinance.

D.	Front Yard Required:

No building shall be erected closer than twenty-five (25) feet to either the front property line
of the building site or the line of any future street as provided in Section XX or as shown upon any official
street plan, or Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas.

E.	Side Yard Required:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten (10) percent of the
width of the lot, but such side yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet and shall not be less than five
(5) feet in width.

F.	Rear Yard Required:
There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty-five (25) per cent of the average depth of the
lot, but such rear yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet.

Section 2. All ordinances or parts of ordinances inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed to the
extent only of such inconsistency.

Section 3. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next
section provided and final passage.

Section 4. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger_______________

City Clerk

S/ By Betty Funston, Chief Deputy.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City Com-
missioners on the 14th day of March , 1949, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners
Baskin and Clark for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance

on the 14th day of March, 1949 , which was the same___________________meeting of said Board of City Commissioners;

that at said special meeting held on the 14th day of March , 1949, the proposed ordinance was read in
full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners _________Baskin. Clark and Moore and His Honor Mayor Cragin__________________________

Voting "Nay": None______________________________________

Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.	__________________________________________________________________________

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger

S/ By Betty Funston Chief Deputy

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners for a
second time at a special meeting of the said Board held on the 25th day of March , 1949, and passed
by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin , Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin
Voting "Nay": None

Absent: None___________________________________________________________________________________________________—-

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger______

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK) ss.

Dick Lochrie being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman _ of the Las Vegas Evening
Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
two weeks from March 16, 1949 to March 23, 1949 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit: March 16 - 23. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23rd day of March, 1949.

A. E. Cahlan_____________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nev.

My Commissions Expires January 12, 1953
ORDINANCE NO. 382

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION X OF ORDINANCE NO. 378, AS AMENDED BY ORDINANCE NO. 381, OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE OF THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ESTABLISHING A LAND USE PLAN WITHIN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CREATING ELEVEN (11) DISTRICTS, REGULATING AND RESTRICTING: THE USE OF LAND, THE LOCATION AND USE
OF BUILDINGS AND OTHER STRUCTURES; THE HEIGHTS AND BULK OF BUILDINGS AND OTHER STRUCTURES; THE PROVISION OF
OPEN SPACES FOR LIGHT AND AIR; THE INTENSITY OF SUCH USES AND THE DENSITY OF POPULATION; ESTABLISHING BUILDING
SETBACK LINES; ADOPTING A MAP OF SUCH DISTRICTS; DEFINING THE TERMS USED HEREIN; PROVIDING FOR THE ADJUSTMENT
AND AMENDMENT THEREOF; REQUIRING THAT CERTAIN PERMITS SHALL BE SECURED FOR SUCH BUILDINGS, STRUCTURES AND IM-
PROVEMENTS AND FOR THE USE THEREOF, AND OF LANDS; REQUIRING CERTAIN FEES; PROVIDING FOR ENFORCEMENT AND PRE-
SCRIBING PENALTIES FOR VIOLATION THEREOF, AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH," AND REPEALING
ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section X of the above entitled ordinance is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section X: R-1 (SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENCE) DISTRICT REGULATIONS.

A.	Uses Permitted:

1.	One-family dwellings of a permanent character, placed in a permanent location.

2.	The following agricultural uses: Field crops, truck gardening, berry or bush crops, tree crops
flower gardening, orchards, green-houses for purposes of propagation and culture when incident
to the residential use of the property and not for commercial purposes, but excluding small
livestock farming.

3. Uses customarily incidental to any of the above uses, including home occupations or the office
of a physician, dentist, minister of religion or other similar profession, provided (a) that
such office is situated in the same dwelling unit as the home of the occupant; (b) that such
office shall not be used for the general practice of medicine, surgery, dentistry, but may be
used for consultation and emergency treatment as an adjunct to a principle office; and (c)
that there shall be no assistants employed.

4. Accessory buildings and uses incidental to each single-family dwelling when placed upon the
same lot or parcel of land and not used or operated commercially, but not including guest
houses, accessory living quarters or accessory dwellings.

5. The following additional uses, subject to the issuance of a use permit in each case as pro-
vided in Section XXII of this ordinance:

(a)	Public and quasi-public uses, churches.

(b)	Real estate offices, temporary only.

B.	Building Height Limit:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	Building Site Area Required:

The minimum building site area for each one-family dwelling shall be six thousand (6,000) square
feet; the minimum frontage shall be sixty (60) feet, except in the case of recorded lots which can be used as
provided in Section VI of this Ordinance.

D.	Front Yard Required:

No building shall be erected closer than twenty-five (25) feet to either the front property line
of the building site or the line of any future street as provided in Section XX or as shown upon any official
street plan, or Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas.

E.	Side Yard Required:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten (10) per cent of the
width of the lot, but such side yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet and shall not be less than five
(5) feet in width.

F.	Rear Yard Required:

There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty- five (25) percent of the average depth of the lot,
but such rear yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet.

Section 2. All ordinances or parts of ordinances inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed to the
extent only of such inconsistency.

Section 3. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next
section provided and final passage.

Section 4. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas.

S/ E. W. Cragin______________

Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk
The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City Com-
missioners on the 18th day of April , 1949, and referred to the following committee composed of Com-
missioners Clark and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said
Ordinance on the 22nd day of April . which was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Com-
missioners; that at said regular meeting held on the 22nd day of April, 1949, the proposed ordinance was
read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners	Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "May":	None

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger_____

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARE) ss.

Dick Lochrie being first duly sworn* deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the Las Vegas Evening
Review-Journal, a daily newspaper* of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period
of 2 weeks from April 25, 1949 to May 2, 1949 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: April 25 - May 2 . That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each
of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of May, 1949.

A. E. Cahlan

	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nev.

Commission Expires January 12, 1951 .	

ORDINANCE NO. 383

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, TO
MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, BY INSTALLING A SANITARY SEWER IN THE SAID CITY; PROVIDING
THAT THE COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDED
WITHIN THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO THE BENEFITS; AND OTHER MATTERS RE-
LATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby declares its determination
to the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas* in accordance with the plats* diagrams and
estimates of cost on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

To install a sanitary sewer on 16th Street from Marlin Avenue to Bonanza Road; on Bruce Street from
Marlin Avenue to Bonanza Road; on Bonanza Road from 16th Street to Bruce Street; in alley between Linden
Avenue and Walnut Avenue from Bruce Street to 19th Street; on 19th Street from alley between Linden and Walnut
Avenue to alley between Walnut Avenue and Mesquite Avenue; in alley between Walnut Avenue and Mesquite Avenue
from 19th Street to 21st Street.

The above described assessment district shall be designated and known as sanitary sewer assessment
district #200-0.

Section 2. The cost and expense of making the improvements described in Section 1 of this ordinance
shall be paid by special assessment to be made according to the benefits against the owners and upon the
taxable lots and premises embraced within the special assessment district hereby created* and composed of all
the taxable lots and premises included within said district that shall received benefits from said sanitary
sewer assessment district #200-0, as shown on Exhibit A, a map thereof on file in the office of the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Section 3. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall keep the plats, diagrams, and the estimates
of cost on file in here office for public inspection, and the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall give
notice thereof and of the proposed improvements, of the location thereof, and of the district to be assessed,
by publication for two weeks, that is to say, once a week for two successive weeks, in the Las Vegas Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, by posting notices of the same in at least
three public places in each ward, and also by posting a notice in or near the postoffice of the City of Las
Vegas, and by posting notices in three public places neat the site of the proposed improvements. The notices
shall also state the time when the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will meet and consider
any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements.

Section 4. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next
section provided, and final passage.
Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance No. 383 to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin

	Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger________________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 27th day of May, 1949, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Moore
and	Whipple	for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the

27th day of May, 1949, which was the special	meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said

special meeting held on the 27th day of May, 1949, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the
Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "AXE": Commissioners Baskin. Clark. Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "NAY":	None.

Absent:	None.

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

NOTICE

SANITARY SEWER ASSESSMENT DISTRICT # 200-0

Notice is hereby given that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, hereby declares its
determination to install a sanitary sewer on 16th Street from Marlin Avenue to Bonanza Road; on Bruce Street
from Martin Avenue to Bonanza Road; on Bonanza Road from 16th Street to Bruce Street; in alley between Linden
Avenue and Walnut Avenue from Bruce Street to 19th Street; on 19th Street from alley between Linden Avenue and
Walnut Avenue to alley between Walnut Avenue and Mesquite Avenue; in alley between Walnut Avenue and Mesquite
Avenue from 19th Street to 21st Street.

The cost and expense of making the improvements of said district described in the foregoing paragraph
shall be paid by special assessment to be made according to the benefits against the owners and upon the taxable
lots and premises embraced within the special assessment district as created by Ordinance #383. Diagrams and
estimates of cost are on file in the office of the City Clerk.

The Board has set thursday, the 16th day of June, 1949, at the hour of 3:00 P.M., as the time for the
hearing of suggestions and/or objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements,
said hearing to be held in the Council Chambers of the City Hall at the corner of Stewart and Fifth Streets, in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dated this 27th day of May, 1949.

S/ Shirley Ballinger_______________

City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas , Nevada

Published May 31 - June 7, 1949.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK) ss.

Dick Lochrie being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW
JOURNAL, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks
from May 31. 1949 to June 7, 1949 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit: May 31; June 7. 1949	. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates

above named.	

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th day of June, 1949.

S/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County

My Commissioner Expires January 12, 1951.	Nevada.
ORDINANCE NO. 384
Not adopted.

ADOPTION OF CODE ORDINANCE NO. 385

"AN ORDINANCE ADOPTING A NEW REVISION AND CODIFICATION OF THE ORDINANCES OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,
PROVIDING FOR THE REPEAL OF CERTAIN ORDINANCES NOT INCLUDED THEREIN AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES AS HEREINAFTER
SET FORTH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That the ordinances of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of a general and permanent nature, as
codified in the following chapters, namely, Chapters 1 to 38, both inclusive, are ordained as general ordi-
nances and are adopted as the "Code of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949."

Section 2. That all provisions of said code shall be in force and effect on and after the 1st day of July,
1949, and all ordinances of a general and permanent nature in force on April 12, 1949, and not contained in
said code are hereby repealed except as hereinafter provided.

Section 3. That the repeal provided for in the preceding section of this ordinance shall not affect any
offense or act committed or done or any penalty or forfeiture incurred or any contract or right established
or accruing before the 1st day of July, 1949; nor shall such repeal affect any ordinance or resolution
promising or guaranteeing the payment of money for the City or authorizing the issue of any bonds of said City
or any evidence of said City's indebtedness, or any contract or obligation assumed by said City; nor shall
said repeal affect the administrative ordinances or resolutions of the Board of Commissioners not in conflict
or inconsistent with the provisions of this code; nor shall it affect any right or franchise conferred by any
ordinance or resolution of the Board of Commissioners or any person or corporation; not shall it affect the
following ordinances Numbered: 217, 230, 292, 303, 304, 306, 307, 308, 317, 347, and 366, or any amendment
thereto; nor shall it affect any prosecution, suit or other proceeding pending or any judgment rendered on or
prior to the 1st day of July, 1949; nor shall it affect any ordinances of the City adopted on the final
passage since the 12th day of April, 1949.

Section 4. That three (3) copies of "The Code of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949" be filed in the office
of the City Clerk and be made available to all persons desiring to examine the same.

Section 5. That the said "Code of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949" shall be published in book form under
the seal of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

S/ E. W. Cragin_________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger____________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City Commissioners on
the 4th day of June, 1949 and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Moore and Clark
for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on the said ordinance on the 4th day of
June, 1949; which was the next special meeting of said Board of City Commissioners called for that purpose;
that at said special meeting held on the 4th day of June, 1949, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the
Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":  Commissioners Baskin. Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin_________________

Voting "Nay":	None.

Absent:	None.

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

NOTICE

ADOPTION OF CODE FOR THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS. NEVADA

Notice is hereby given that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, having
ordered the codification and revision of the ordinances of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, did, on the 4th
day of June, 1949, pass Ordinance No. 385 entitled "An Ordinance Adopting A New Revision And Codification
Of The Ordinances Of The City of Las Vegas, Nevada, Providing For The Repeal Of Certain Ordinances Not
Included Therein And For Other Purposes As Hereinafter Set Forth", thereby adopting said code.

That more than fifty (50) copies of the said code known as "The Code of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, 1949" have been printed in book form, and three (3) copies thereof are now on file in the office of
the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

That pursuant to section 30 of Chapter II of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as
amended, 1949 N.C.L., the said codification and revision shall become effective immediately after the second
publication of this Notice.

Date this 22nd day of June, 1949.
S/ Shirley Ballinger_______________

City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada

Published: June 24 and July 1, 1949.

ORDINANCE NO. 386

AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING AND DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK,
STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO DEFRAY THE COSTS OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, BY INSTALLING COMPLETE STREET LIGHTING UNITS WITH PARKWAY CABLE AND ORNAMENTAL STANDARDS ALONG
CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTION OF STREETS IN SAID CITY; THE COST AND EXPENSES THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY
THIS SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDED WITHIN THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT AS CREATED BY ORDI-
NANCE NO. 318 HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO THE BENEFITS, EXCEPT WHERE, BY THE CHARTER OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CERTAIN PORTIONS THEREOF ARE REQUIRED TO BE PAID FROM THE GENERAL FUND OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; SUCH
COSTS AND ESTIMATES THEREOF ARE ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRIBING
DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF THE SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNT OF THE SAID ASSESSMENT AND DESIGNATING
THE LOCALITY CONSTITUTING THE DISTRICT TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO THE BENEFITS, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING
THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the costs of making certain improvements in the City of Las
Vegas by installing complete street lighting units with parkway cable and ornamental standards, in, over, and
along all the streets embraced within those subdivisions in the City of Las Vegas, known as Biltmore Addition,
Biltmore Addition Annex No. 1, and Biltmore Addition Annex No. 2.

The Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized, and directed
to make forthwith a special assessment in the total amount of Eighteen Thousand Two Hundred Sixty-Three Dollars)
Ninety-Four Cents ($18,263.94), and to levy such assessment according to the benefits, against the owners and
upon the taxable lots and premises embraced within the special assessment district created by Ordinance No. 318
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Section 2. The cost and expense of making the improvements shall be paid by special assessment to
be made according to the benefits, upon the taxable lots and premises situated in the special assessment dis-
tricts created by Ordinance No. 318, and composing the following lands:

All taxable lots and premises included within and constituting the subdivision known as Biltmore
Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown on a plat thereof on file in the office of the Recorder of
Clark County, Nevada, in Book 2 of Plats, on page 33,

All the taxable lots and premises included within and constituting the subdivision known as Biltmore
Addition No. 1 to Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown on a plat thereof on file in the office of the Recorder of Clark
County, Nevada, in Book 2 of Plats, on Page 40,

All the taxable lots and premises included within and constituting the subdivision known as Biltmore
Addition Annex No. 2, to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown on a plat thereof on file in the office of
the Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 2 of Plats, on Page 46,

That certain parcel of land contiguous to the Biltmore Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and
fronting on the southerly side of Bonanza Road from the easterly line of North Main Street to the westerly line
of Biltmore Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,

except where by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required to be paid from the
General Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. In no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or premises ex-
ceed 50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State
and County taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of
the General Fund.

Section 4. The Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare an Assess-
ment Roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot
and parcel of land embraced within the aforementioned special assessment districts, such relative portion of
the whole sum to be levied in said district as shall be proportionate to the estimate benefit resulting to
such lot or parcel of land from the improvement.

Section 5. After the special Assessment Roll, as herein provided for, shall have been prepared and
completed, the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, and thereafter it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered, and the
Board of Commissioners shall cause notice thereof to the persons whose names appear upon the Assessment Roll,
and to all others interested therein, to be published for at least two weeks in some newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of the time when the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor
will meet to review the assessments, and any person, objecting to the assessments, may file his objection
thereto with the City Clerk.

Section 6. At the time appointed for reviewing the assessments, the Board of Commissioners and the
Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet and give all persons interested an opportunity to be heard, and shall con-
sider any and all objections that may be filed with the City Clerk, and then, or at some adjourned meeting,
shall review the assessments and correct the same, and confirm it as corrected, or confirm it as reported, or
annul it, and direct a new assessment to be made.

Section 7. When the assessments shall be confirmed as herein provided, it shall be final and con-
clusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to the County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the
Assessment Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with his certificate of such confirmation, and of
the date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra com-
pensation, record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such
recording, whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents of such Assess-
ment Roll, and it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all pro-
ceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and Assessment Roll. After
the Assessment Roll has been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts levied thereon shall become at once
due and payable, and shall constitute and be a lien upon the respective lots and parcels of land, and improve-
ments assessed, and shall be charged against the persons and proportions until paid.

Section 8. All assessments, when due and payable, as in this Ordinance provided, shall be paid to
the Tax Receiver of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and be by that officer paid in to the General Fund of the
City of Las Vegas.

Section 9. All costs and expenses incurred in the making of the improvement shall be charged to and
paid out of the General Fund.

Section 10. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the next
section provided, and final passage.

Section 11. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, is hereby authorized and directed to cause this Ordinance No. 386 to be published once a week for two
consecutive weeks, immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 7th day of July 1949, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners
Bunker and Peccole for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance
on the 22nd day of July, 1949, which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at
said regular meeting held on the 22nd day of July, 1949, the proposed ordinance was read in full
to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay":	None.	 

Absent:	Commissioner	Whipple.	-

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin_______________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss.

Dick Lochrie	, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman	of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper
for a period of two weeks from July 28, 1949 to August 4, 1949 inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 28; August 4, 1949	. That said newspaper was regularly

issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie______________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th day of August, 1949.

S/ A. E. Cahlan_________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County
Nevada.

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 387.

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, OF ITS NEGOTIABLE COUPON BONDS IN THE
AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $350,000.00 SERIES JULY 1, 1949, TO FINANCE THE PURCHASE, EXTENSION AND IMPROVE-
MENT OF A SEWER SYSTEM; PRESCRIBING THE TERMS THEREOF AND PROVIDING FOR THE LEVY AND COLLECTION OF AN ANNUAL
TAX THEREFOR; AND DECALRING AN EMERGENCY.

WHEREAS, at an election duly called on the 6th day of May, 1947, the qualified electors of the City of
Las Vegas authorized the issuance of the bonds of the City in the amount of $350,000.00 to finance the purchase,
extension and improvement of a sewer system; and

WHEREAS, thereafter on the 16th day of May, 1947, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
met for the purpose of canvassing the notes upon said question cast at said election, and found and declared
that the issuance of said bonds was approved by vote of a majority of the qualified electors of the City of Las
Vegas, both property owners and non-property owners noting thereon; and

WHEREAS, said bonds have heretofore been publicly sold in accordance with the laws of the State of

Nevada.

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN:

Section 1. That all proceedings heretofore taken by the Board of Commissioners and by the officials
of the City of Las Vegas directed toward the purchase, extension and improvement of a sewer system, in accordance
with the authority conferred by the qualified electors voting at the May 6, 1947 election, and the issuance of
its sewer bonds, Series July 1, 1949, for that purpose, be and the same is hereby ratified, approved and con-
firmed, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the acceptance of the proposal for the pur-
chase of said bonds submitted by Wheelock and Cummins. Inc., Chicago. Illinois: Lucas, Eisen and Waeckerle,

Inc., Kansas City, Missouri: Garrett-Bromfield and Company, Denver. Colorado.

Section 2. That for the purpose of providing funds to finance the cost of purchasing, extending and
improving a sewer system as a part of, and in connection with, the sewerage system of said City, for the use of
the City of Las Vegas and the inhabitants thereof, pursuant to the powers vested in said City and the Board of
Commissioners under the Charter of said City and the general laws of the State of Nevada, there shall be issued
bonds of said City of Las Vegas designated "City of Las Vegas Sewer Bonds, Series July 1, 1949" in the aggregate
principal amount of $359,000.00, consisting of 350 bonds in the denomination of $1.000.00 each, bearing interest
at the rate of three per centum per annum, both principal and interest being payable in lawful money of the
United States of America at the office of the City Treasurer, Las Vegas, Nevada, all dated as of July 1, 1949,
numbered consecutively from 1 to 350, both inclusive, and maturing serially $8,000.00 on the first day of July
in the year 1950, and $18,000.00 on the first day of July in the years 1951 to 1969, both inclusive. Interest
on said bonds shall be payable semi-annually commencing January 1, 1950, and thereafter on the first days of
July and January in each year until the principal of said bonds has been fully paid and discharged. Bonds
numbered 81 to 350, maturing on and after the first day of July, 1955, are subject to redemption in inverse
numerical order at the option of the City of Las Vegas on the first day of July, 1954, or an any interest pay-
ment date thereafter prior to maturity, at a price equal to the principal amount thereof, with accred interest
to the redemption date. Notice of redemption shall be given by the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, in
the name of the City of Las Vegas, by publication of said notice at least once in each calendar week, on any day,
for at least four successive weeks prior to the redemption date, in a newspaper of general circulation in the City
of Las Vegas, and a copy of such notice shall be sent by registered mail at least thirty days prior to the re-
demption date to the purchaser of said bonds. Such notice shall specify the number or numbers of the bonds to be
so redeemed (if lees than all are to be redeemed), and the date fixed for redemption, and shall further state
that on such redemption date there will become and be due and payable upon each bond so to be redeemed, at the
office of the City Treasurer, the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption date, and
that from and after such date interest will cease to accrue. Notice having been given in the manner hereinbefore
provided, the bond or bonds so called for redemption shall become due and payable on the redemption date so
designated, and upon presentation thereof at the office of the City Treasurer, together will all appurtenant
coupons maturing subsequent to the redemption date, the City of Las Vegas will pay the bond or bonds so called
for redemption.

Section 3. That said bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, countersigned by
the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, and attested and countersigned by the City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas under the seal of said City. The coupons attached to said bonds shall bear the facsimile signatures of the
Mayor, City Treasurer, and City Clerk, which officers, by the execution of said bonds, shall adopt as and for
their signatures the facsimiles thereof appearing on said coupons.

Section 4. That said bonds and the coupons attached thereto shall be in substantially the following

form:

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

STATE OF NEVADA	COUNTY OF CLARK

CITY OF LAS VEGAS
SEWER BONDS
SERIES JULY 1, 1949

No. __________ $1,000.00

The City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark and State of Nevada, for value
received, hereby acknowledges itself indebted and promises to pay to bearer the sum of

ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS

on the first day of July, A.D., 19____, with interest thereon at the rate of three per centum

per annum payable semi-annually on the first days of January and July in each year upon pre-
sentation and surrender of this bond and the attached coupons as they severally become due,
both principal and interest being payable in lawful money of the United States of America at
the office of the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

*( This bond is subject to redemption at the option of the City of Las Vegas on
the first day of July, 1954, or on any interest payment date thereafter at a price equal to
the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption date. Redemption shall be
made upon not less than thirty days prior notice by publication in a newspaper of general cir-
culation in the City of Las Vegas in the manner and upon the conditions provided in the ordinance
authorizing the issuance of this bond).

This bond is one of a series of bonds of like tenorissued by the City of Las Vegas for
the purpose of financing, the purchase, extension and improvement of a sewer system for the use
of the City of Las Vegas and its inhabitants, and for defraying the cost thereof under the
authority of the Charter of said City, the laws of the State of Nevada and an ordinance duly
enacted pursuant thereto by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. It
is hereby certified and warranted that the issuance of this bond has been authorized by the
electors of the City of Las Vegas qualified to vote on the question at a special bond election
held in said City on the 6th day of May, 1947.

It is hereby certified that all acts and things required to be done and all conditions
and things required to exist precedent to and in the issuance of this bond to render the same
lawful and valid have happened, been done and performed and do exist in regular and due form
in every manner as required by law, and that the total indebtedness of the City of Las Vegas,
including the indebtedness evidenced by this bond, does not exceed the statutory or consti-
tutional limitations under the constitution and laws of the State of Nevada and the Charter of
the City of Las Vegas, and it is further certified and recited that provision has been made for
the levy and collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay the interest on this bond and to dis-
charge the principal thereof when and as the same severally become due.

The full faith and credit of the City of Las Vegas are hereby pledged for the
punctual payment of the principal and interest upon this bond.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas has caused this bond to be signed by its
Mayor, countersigned by its City Treasurer and attested and countersigned by its City Clerk,
under the seal of the City of Las Vegas, all as of the first day of July, 1949.

Mayor

(SEAL)	Counter signed:

Attested and

Countersigned:		.......

City Treasurer

City Clerk

*( To be inserted in bonds numbered 81 to 350, both inclusive, maturing on and after
July 1, 1955).

(Form of Coupon)

No. __________ $15.00

On the first days of July, A.D., 19	, *(unless the bond to which this coupon

is attached has been called for prior redemption), the City of Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark and State of Nevada, will pay to bearer the sum of

FIFTEEN AND NO/100 DOLLARS

at the office of the City Treasurer in Las Vegas, Nevada, in lawful money of the United States
of America, being six months' interest on its Sewer Bond, Series July 1, 1949,

No. __________.

(Facsimile Signature)

Mayor

(Facsimile Signature)

City Treasurer

(Facsimile Signature)

City Clerk

*(To be inserted in coupons maturing January 1, 1955 and thereafter, attached to bonds numbered
81 to 350, both inclusive.)

Section 5. That when said bonds have been duly executed and sold, the City Treasurer in the City
of Las Vegas shall deliver them to the lawful purchaser thereof on receipt of the purchase price. The funds
realized from the sale of the bonds shall be applied solely to finance the purchase, extension and improve-
ment of a sewer system in the City of Las Vegas, but the purchaser of said bonds shall in no manner be re-
sponsible for the application by said City, or any of its officers, of any of the funds derived from the

sale thereof.

Section 6. That the interest falling due on said bonds on January 1, 1950 shall be paid out of
the general fund of said City, or any other fund that may be available for such purpose, and there shall be
levied in the year 1949, and annually thereafter, a sufficient tax on all property, both real and personal,
subject to taxation within the boundaries of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, including the net
proceeds of mines, to reimburse said fund or funds for such installment of interest and to pay the interest
on said bonds and to reture the same as herein provided; and provided further that in the preparation of the
annual appropriation ordinance for the City, the Board of Commissioners shall first make proper provision
through the levy of sufficient taxes for the payment of the interest on and the retirement of the principal of
the bonded indebtedness of the City, and the amount of money necessary for this purpose, together with the
amounts necessary for the payment of principal of and interest on the other bonded indebtedness of the City,
shall be a first charge against all of the revenue received by said City. In any year in which the total taxes
levied by all overlapping political subdivisions and taxing units in the City of Las Vegas may exceed the limit-
ation of five (5¢) cents on the dollar, imposed by Section 2, Article X of the Constitution of the State of
Nevada, and it shall become necessary by reason thereof to reduce the levies made in behalf of said City, the
reductions so made shall be in taxes levied for or by such City for the purposes other than the payment of its
bonded indebtedness and interest thereon, and the taxes levied hereafter for the payment of such bonded in-
debtedness, and the interest thereon, shall always enjoy a priority over taxes levied for or on behalf of such
City for any other purposes where reduction is	necessary in order to comply	with	the limitations of said Section

2, of Article X of the Nevada Constitution, or	with the City	Charter of Las	Vegas, Nevada. Such taxes shall be

levied and collected in the same manner and at	the same time	as other taxes	are	levied and collected, and the

proceeds thereof shall be kept by the City Treasurer of Las	Vegas, Nevada,	in a	fund to be known as the

"Sewer Bond Fund, Series July 1, 1949," which shall be used for no other purpose than the payment of principal
and interest on the bonds authorized by this ordinance as the same fall due. Such tax shall be levied in the
year 1949 and annually thereafter untill all of said bonds and the interest thereon shall have been fully paid,
satisfied and discharged. Any sums becoming due on said bonds at any time when there are on hand from such tax
levy or levies insufficient funds to pay the same shall be promptly paid when due from general funds on hand
belonging to the City of Las Vegas, reimbursement to be made to such general funds in the sums thus advanced
when taxes herein provided for shall have been collected.

Section 7. The Board of Commissioners does hereby find and declare that the life of the improvement
to be acquired, constructed and improved out of the proceeds of the sale of said bonds shall and will be in
excess of twenty years.

Section 8. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be and they hereby are authorized and directed
to take all action necessary or appropriate to effectuate the provisions of this ordinance including, without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the printing of said bonds and the execution of such certificates as
may be required by the purchaser thereof relating to the signing of the bonds, the tenure and identity of the
municipal officials, the assessed valuation and indebtedness of the City of Las Vegas, the rate of taxes levied
against the taxable property within the City of Las Vegas, the receipt of the bond purchase price and the ab-
sence of litigation, pending or threatened, affecting the validity thereof.

Section 9. That all ordinances or parts thereof in conflict with this ordinance are hereby repealed.
After the bonds hereby authorized have been issued, this ordinance shall constitute a contract between the City
of Las Vegas and the holder or holders of said bonds, and shall be and remain irrepealable until said bonds
and the interest accruing thereon shall have been fully paid, satisfied and discharged.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the City of Las Vegas and the inhabitants thereof are not
adequately supplied with sewer facilities, it is hereby found and declared that an emergency exists and that
this ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption and publication once a week for two
successive weeks immediately following said adoption in The Las Vegas Review Journal , a newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas.

Adopted and approved this 7th day of September, 1949.

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger______________________

City Clerk

The Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance were as follows:

Those Voting Aye: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Moore.

Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Whipple.

His Honor Mayor Cragin

Those Voting May: None.

Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger_____________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK) ss.

Carl Woodbury , being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the LAS VEGAS EVENING
REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
two times from September 12. 19, 1949. inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: September 12 and 19, 1949	 That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each

of the dates above named.

Signed Carl Woodbury

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th day of September, 1949 .

S/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County,

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.	Nevada

ORDINANCE NO. 388.

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE RETAIL SALE OF CIGARETTE PAPERS, CIGARETTES, CIGARS, TOBACCO IN ANY FORM, AND
TOBACCO PRODUCTS; PROVIDING FOR THE LICENSING OF PERSONS SELLING AT RETAIL ANY CIGARETTE PAPERS, CIGARETTES,
CIGARS, TOBACCO IN ANY FORM OR TOBACCO PRODUCTS; PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF, AND OTHER
MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. LICENSE REQUIRED. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to sell,
offer for sale, expose for sale, or keep with the intention of selling or exchanging at retail in any es-
tablishment or upon any premises in the City, any cigarette papers, cigarettes, cigars, tobacco in any form,
or tobacco products, without first obtaining a license therefor from the City of Las Vegas. Such license shall
be designated as a "Retail Tobacco Dealer's License." Such license shall be in addition to any other license
or licenses that may be required by the City and shall authorize the licensee to engage in no other business
than that described herein.

SECTION 2. DECLARATION OF POLICY. It is hereby declared to be the policy of this ordinance that
all establishments where cigarette papers, cigarettes, cigars, tobacco in any form, or tobacco products, are
sold at retail in the City of Las Vegas, shall be licensed and controlled so as to protect the public health,
safety, morals, good order and general welfare of the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas, and to safeguard
the public, and to foster and encourage competition by prohibiting unfair and discriminatory trade practices
and predatory merchandising practices by which fair and honest competition is destroyed or prevented. It is
hereby made the duty of the Chief of Police to investigate into the qualifications of each applicant for license
before any such license is issued to the end that licenses shall not be issued to unqualified or disqualified
persons or for unsuitable locations and places.

To better define the policy of this ordinance the following persons are declared to be not qualified
to hold a license under the provisions of this ordinance:

1.	A	person	who	does not	possess a good moral	character.

2.	A	person	who	does not	have a reputation in	the City for possessing a good moral character.

3.	A	person	who	has been	convicted within the	past five years of any crime of which fraud or intent

to defraud was an element.

4. A person who has been convicted of unlawfully possessing or distributing drugs.

5.	A person who is under the age of twenty-one (21) years.

6.	A person who has been convicted of selling or giving tobacco in any form to a person under the age
of twenty-one (21) years of age.

7.	A person who has violated any provisions of this ordinance.

8.	A person who the City Commissioners shall determine is not a suitable person to receive a license
under the provisions of this ordinance, having due consideration for the proper protection of the public health,
safety, morals, good order and general welfare of the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 3. DUTIES OF CHIEF OF POLICE. It shall be the duty of the Chief of Police:

(a) To inspect or cause to be inspected any premises for which a retail tobacco dealer's license

is sought;

(b)	To investigate into the qualifications of all applicants for licenses as provided in this
ordinance and report the result of his investigation to the City Commissioners and to recommend the allowance
or disallowance of any application for a license under the provisions of this ordinance;

(c)	To recommend to the City Commissioners the revocation of any license issued under the provisions
of this ordinance when a licensee has refused to comply with, or has violated any of the provisions of this
ordinance, or who shall be deemed to be no longer a suitable person to hold a license under the provisions of
this ordinance having due regard and consideration for the proper protection of the public health, safety,
morals, good order and general welfare of the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas.

(d) From time to time to inspect and examine all places where cigarette papers, cigarettes, cigars,
tobacco in any form or tobacco products are licensed to be sold at retail within the City, with a view to as-
certaining whether the laws of the State and the provisions of this ordinance are being complied with at such
places, and it shall be his duty to cause all such laws and provisions to be rigorously enforced.

SECTION 4. ILLEGAL TO DELIVER TOBACCO TO MINORS. It shall be unlawful for any person or persons
within the City to sell or give to any person under the age of twenty-one (21) years, any cigarette paper or
cigarette dr cigar or tobacco in any form or tobacco product, except that upon the written order of the parent
or guardian of the minor, the holder of a retail tobacco dealer's license applied to may give or sell to the
minor, for the use of the guardian or parent, cigarette papers, cigarettes, cigars, tobacco in any form or
tobacco products; said written request to be kept on file by the seller or giver of the article so sold or
given away.
SECTION 5. DUTY OF LICENSEE TO KEEP RECORDS. Every holder of a retail tobacco dealer's license shall
keep a book in which there shall be made at the time of the transaction a record in English of all purchases of
cigarette papers, cigarettes, tobacco in any form and tobacco products, in which shall be set forth the name
and address of the place of business of the person from whop purchased, the date of the transaction, the seller's
invoice number, and a description of the article purchased, together with the manufacturer's wholesale list
price. The manufacturer's wholesale list price shall be such list price without taking into consideration any
discounts allowed the licensee.

The said book shall be open at all reasonable times to the inspection of the Chief of Police or a
member of the police force designated by him in writing, and it shall be unlawful for any licensee hereunder
to have in possession any said book in which an incorrect entry has been made.

SECTION 6. APPLICATION	FOR LICENSE. All applications for license	under the provisions	of this ordi-
nance shall be made in writing to	the Mayor and City Commissioners	and filed	with the City Clerk	on a form pro-

vided for that purpose.

Every application shall contain the name of the person desiring the license and the place of business
sought to be licensed. If the applicant is a partnership of firm, the application shall contain the names and
residence addresses of each of its members; if a corporation, the application shall contain the names and add-
resses of its principal officers. The application shall also contain such other information as may be required
by the City Clerk and Chief of Police. Upon receipt of the application and the license fee for the period for
which the license is sought the City Clerk shall transmit to the Chief of Police such information as will enable
each officer to make the investigation and inspection required by this ordinance. In connection with the in-
vestigation by the Chief of Police, he may require the giving of fingerprints by such persons as he may deem
necessary.

Upon the completion of report by the Chief of Police, and on receipt of the recommendation of such
officer as to the issuance of the	license, the application and the	recommendation of the Chief of	Police relative

thereto shall be presented to the	Mayor and City Commissioners for	allowance	or disallowance.

SECTION 7. LICENSE FEE. The license fee for a retail tobacco dealer's license shall be Two Dollars
Fifty Cents ($2.50) quarterly, payable without demand therefor, in lawful money of the United States, to the
City Clerk, on the first day of January, April, July and October of each year; and when application for license
is made subsequent to any of the above dates, the license which issues thereon shall be issued for the then
current quarterly period unless some other and different quarterly period is particularly mentioned is such
application. No license fee for less than a full quarterly period shall be accepted by the City Clerk upon any
application.

SECTION 8. TRANSFER. The transfer of any license issued hereunder is hereby expressly prohibited,
either as to licensee or as to location of business licensed.

SECTION 9. REVOCATION OF LICENSE. The City Commissioners shall have the power to revoke any license
issued under the provisions of this ordinance for good and sufficient cause.

If at any time after the granting of any license, any licensee shall have violated any of the pro-
visions of this ordinance or any of the laws of the State or other ordinances of the City in the conduct of the
business, conducted under license issued pursuant to this ordinance, the City Commissioners by a majority vote
may revoke the license therefor, whether a proceeding has been commenced to invoke the penalty provided in
section 14 of this ordinance or not.

SECTION 10. POSTING OF LICENSE. A separate license must be issued for each establishment or premises
sought to be licensed and the license so issued must be posted in a conspicuous place in each establishment or
premises for which such license is issued.

SECTION 11. DUTY OF LICENSEE. (a) It shall be unlawful for the holder of any retail tobacco
dealer's license to advertise, offer for sale, expose for sale or sell any cigarette papers, cigarettes, cigars,
tobacco in any form or any tobacco product at a price which shall be less than two percent (2%) above the manu-
facturer's wholesale list price as specified in the book kept pursuant to the provision contained that may be
applicable to said items and imposed by the State of Nevada or any political subdivision thereof.

(b) It shall be unlawful for any person employed in an establishment holding a retail tobacco dealer's
license, upon demand of the Chief of Police to refuse to furnish to said Chief of Police for his inspection
samples of all cigarette papers, cigarettes, cigars, tobacco in any form or tobacco product sold or offered for
sale in or about said premises, which samples shall be analyzed by or under the direction of said Chief of Police.

SECTION 12. UNLAWFUL TO GATHER WASTE TOBACCO. It shall be unlawful for any person to pick or gather
up from the public streets, alleys or thoroughfares of the City, or in any public building, restaurant or hotel,
and cigar or cigarette butt or stump. or the waste, unused or unburned portion of any cigar, tobacco or cigarette
for the purpose or with the intent of bartering or selling the same or disposing of the same for use in any form
of manufactured tobacco.

SECTION 13. UNLAWFUL TO BUY OR SELL WASTE TOBACCO. It shall be unlawful for any person to buy or
receive for the purpose of disposing of the same to be used in any form of manufactured tobacco, any cigar or
cigarette butt or stump, or the waste, unused or unburned portion of any cigar, tobacco or cigarette gathered
from the streets, alleys or thoroughfares of the City, or in any restaurant, hotel or public building in the
City.

SECTION 14. PENALTY. Any person violating any of the provisions of this section shall be guilty of
a middemeanor.

SECTION 15. EFFECT OF INVALIDITY. If any part, provision or section of this ordinance or the appli-
cation thereof to any person or circumstance shall be held to be invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction,
the remainder of this ordinance or the application of such part, provision or section thereof to any other
person or circumstances shall not be affected thereby.

SECTION 16. EFFECTIVE DATE. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon ist publication
as in the next section provided, and final passage.

SECTION 17. PUBLICATION. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.
The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 22nd day of August 1949, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners
Bunker and Peccole for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance
on the 7th day of September, 1949, which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners;
that at said regular meeting held on the 7th day of September 1949; the proposed ordinance was
read in full to the Board of Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin._________________________

Voting "Nay": None.	________

Absent:	None.___________________________________________________________________________________________

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin_________________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger___________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss.

Carl Woodbury, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the LAS VEGAS EVENING
REVIEW JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
Two times_________ from September 12. 1949 to September 19. 1949 inclusive, being the issues of said news-
paper for the following date, to-wit:	September 12, 19, 1949	That said newspaper was regularly issued

and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Carl Woodbury______________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th day of September. 1949.	.

S/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada.

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951	.

ORDINANCE NO. 389.

AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO DEFRAY THE COST OF MAKING CERTAIN IM-
PROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING A SANITARY SEWER IN THE SAID CITY, ACCORDING To THE PLATS,
DIAGRAMS, AND ESTIMATES OF COST THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNT OF SAID ASSESSMENT AND DESCRIBING
AND DESIGNATING THE LOCALITY CONSTITUTING THE DISTRICT TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO BENEFITS AND OTHER MATTERS
RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the cost of making certain improvements in the City of Las
Vegas by installing a sanitary sewer on 16th Street from Marlin Avenue to Bonanza Road; on Bruce Street from
Marlin Avenue to Bonanza Road; on Bonanza Road from 16th Street to Bruce Street; in alley between Linden
Avenue and Walnut Avenue from Bruce Street to 19th Street; from alley between Linden Avenue and Walnut Avenue
to alley between Walnut Avenue and Mesquite Avenue; in alley between Walnut Avenue and Mesquite Avenue from
19th Street to 21st Street, according to the plats, diagrams and estimates of cost heretofore prepared and
adopted by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and on file in the office of the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized
and directed to make, forthwith, a special assessment in the total amount of Twenty-three Thousand Nine Hundred
Twenty-nine Dollars and Twenty Cents ($23,929.20), and to levy such assessment according to benefits against
the owners and upon the taxable lots and premises embraced within the special assessment district created by
Ordinance No. 383 of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. In no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or premises ex-
ceed 50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State
and County taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of
the General Fund.

Section 3. The Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare an assess-
ment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot
and parcel of land embraced within the aforementioned special assessment districts, such relative portion of
the whole sum to be levied in said district as shall be proportionate to the estimate benefit resulting to
such lot or parcel of land from the improvement.

Section 4. After the special assessment roll, as herein provided for, shall have been prepared and
completed, the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, and thereafter it shell be filed in tHe office of the City Clerk, and numbered, and the Board

all others interested therein to be published for at least two weeks in some newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, of the time when the Board of Commissioners end the Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet
to review the assessments, and any person, objecting to the assessments, may file his objections thereto with
the City Clerk.

Section 5. At the time appointed for reviewing the assessments, the Board of Commissioners and the
Ex- Officio City Assessor shall meet and give all persons interested an opportunity to be heard, and shall con-
sider any and all objections that may be filed with the City Clerk, and then, or at some adjourned meeting,
shall review the assessments and correct the same, and confirm it as corrected, or confirm it as reported, or
annul it, and direct a new assessment to be made.

Section 6. When the assessments shall be confirmed as herein provided, it shall be final and conclu-
sive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to the County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the As-
sessment Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners with his certificate of such confirmation, and of the
date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation
record such assessment	roll in his office, and append thereto	his certificate of the	date of	such recording,

whereupon from said date a 11 persons shall be deemed to have	notice of the contents	of such	Assessment Roll, and

it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to
the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and Assessment Roll. After the Assessment Roll has
been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts levied thereon have been confirmed and recorded, the several
amounts levied thereon shall become at once due and payable, and shall constitute and be a lien upon the respec-
tive lots and parcels of land, and improvements assessed, and shall be charged against the persons and proper-
ties until paid.

Section 7.	All assessments, when due and payable,	as in this ordinance provided,	shall be paid to

the City Treasurer and	Tax Receiver of the City of Las Vegas,	Nevada, and be by that	officer	paid into and

credited to the special fund to be known as and called "Las Vegas 194-9 Sanitary Sewer Assessment District
#200-0 Fund".

Section 8. All costs and expenses incurred in making the improvements shall be charged to and paid
out of said fund, provided, however, that all monies drawn on the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to de-
fray any of the costs and expenses of making the improvements, or, if it shall become necessary to draw upon the
General Fund to defray any of the costs and expenses of the improvements, except as otherwise provided by the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds from the
"Las Vegas 1949 Sanitary Sewer Assessment District #200-0" as soon as conditions of the same will permit.

Section 9. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the next sec-
tion provided, and final passage.

Section 10. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, is hereby authorized and directed to cause this Ordinance No. 389 to be published once a week for two
consecutive weeks, immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Jour-
nal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

APPROVED

(SEAL)	s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor	

(ATTEST)

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on the
26th day of July, 1949, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker and Peccole for
recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 22nd day of September,
1949, which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on the 22nd
day of September, 1949, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first in-
troduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners _______Bunker. Moore, Peccole. Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay":	None.

Absent:	None.

APPROVED

S/ E. W. Cragin______________________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger _____________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK) ss.

_____Carl Woodbury_________ being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor______________ of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 times from September 26, 1949 to October 3, 1949 inclusive That said newspaper was regularly issued and cir-
culated on each of the dates above named.

Signed_______Carl R. Woodbury_________________________
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of October, 1949.

S/ A. E. Cahlan___________________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

ORDINANCE NO. 390

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 7 OF ORDINANCE NO. 244 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS LICENSING, FOR PURPOSES OF REGULATION AND REVENUE, EVERY KIND OF LAWFUL BUSINESS HEREINAFTER
SPECIFIED, TRANSACTED OR CARRIED ON WITHIN THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, STATE OF NEVADA:
FIXING THE RATES OF LICENSE TAX, AND A PUNISHMENT FOR CARRYING ON OR CONDUCTING ANY SUCH BUSINESS WITHOUT A
LICENSE, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES NUMBERED 1, 2 , 4, 13, 14 , 35 , 48 , 62 , 74 , 75 , 81, 95, 102, 105, 108, 112,

117, 145, 184, 192 AND 243." ALSO REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 17 OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 7 of Ordinance No. 244 of the City of Las Vegas, also referred to as Section 10,
Chapter 17, of the Las Vegas City Code, is hereby amended to read as follows:

Every person, firm, association, or corporation engaged in the telephone business, or in the business
of furnishing and supplying heating or illuminating gas to others through gas mains, or electrical current for
power, lighting, or domestic purposes, or who supplies water for domestic purposes to others through water
mains, shall pay for and obtain a quarterly license to carry on each of such businesses, as per the schedule
hereinafter recited in this section.

Every telephone company shall pay for such license a sum equal
to three-fourths (3/4ths) of one percent (1%) of its gross
quarterly earnings.

Every gas company shall pay for such license a sum equal to
three-fourths (3/4ths) of one percent (1%) of its gross quar-
terly earnings.

Every water company shall pay for such license a sum equal to
three-fourths (3/4ths) of one percent (1%) of its gross quar-
terly earnings.

Every electric light or power company shall pay a sum equal to
one percent (1%) of its gross quarterly earnings.

Prior to the issuance of a license hereunder, the applicant therefor shall state in writing, under
oath, to the City Clerk, the probable amount of gross earnings which it is estimated will be made in the ensu-
ing period for which the license is to be issued, and when the applicant has held a license for the next pre-
ceding period, the estimate shall be computed upon the amount of gross earnings made during such preceding
period. Where the amount of gross earnings actually made in any period shall be in excess of the estimate
for such period, the licensee shall be indebted to the City for any deficiency in fee paid for such period and
liable therefor to the City in a civil action. No license hereunder shall be issued to such licensee for any
subsequent period unless and until such deficiency is paid to the City Clerk, and when so paid, shall consti-
tute an additional fee for any license issued hereunder for such subsequent period, and be deemed in full pay-
ment of such deficiency. Where the amount of gross earnings actually made in any period shall be less than the
estimate for such period, the excess paid in the previous period shall be credited to the licensee and the same
shall be applied to a license issued to such licensee for the subsequent period.

This provision shall apply to all persons conducting the above mentioned business or any of them,
whether under permission and regulation of the Public Service Commission in the State of Nevada or otherwise.

This section shall not apply to water companies having monthly gross sales of less than $3,000, which
companies shall pay tax under Section 6 of Ordinance #244, also referred to as Section 9, Chapter 17 of the
Las Vegas Code.

Section 2.. Any person violating any of the provisions of this section shall be guilty of a misdemean-
or.

Section 3. If any part, provision or section of this ordinance or the application thereof to any per-
son or circumstance shall be held to be invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of this
ordinance or the application of such part, provision or section thereof to any other person or circumstances
shall not be affected thereby.

Section 4. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the next sec-
tion provided, and final passage.

Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first read-
ing and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 12th day of September	1949, and referred to the following committee composed of Commis-

sioners Bunker and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordi-
nance on the 22nd day of September 1949, which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners;
that at said regular meeting held on the 22nd day of September. 1949, t he proposed ordinance was read in
full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker. Moore. Peccole. Whipple and His Honor_____________________________________
 Voting "Nay": None
Absent:	None

APPROVED:

S/ E W. Cragin_____________________________________________

Mayor

SEAL

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger_______________

 City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK) ss.

 ______Carl Woodbury____________, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor___________of the LAS

 VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
 the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of two times from September 23, 1949, to September 30, 1949 inclusive, being the issues of said newspa-
 per for the following dates, to-wit: September 23, 30, 1949. That said newspaper was regularly issued and cir-
culated on each of the dates above named.

Signed S/ Carl R. Woodbury

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of October, 1949

S/ A. E. Cahlan_____________________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County
Nevada

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951____________

ORDINANCE NO. 391
CIVIL SERVICE RULES & REGULATIONS

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, CREATING AND ESTABLISHING CIVIL
SERVICE RULES AND REGULATIONS FOR THE POLICE DEPARTMENT AND THE FIRE DEPARTMENT OF SAID CITY, DEFINING TERMS;
PROVIDING FOR EXAMINATIONS; ESTABLISHING ELIGIBILITY LISTS; PROVIDING FOR APPOINTMENTS; PROMOTIONS; DISCIPLINA-
RY ACTION; REPORTS AND RECORDS; CLASSIFICATION AND PAY PLANS, AND ALL MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION ONE: That a certain document, three (3) copies of which are on file in the office of the City
Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated as Civil Service Rules and Regulations, be, and
the same are hereby referred to and adopted as the Civil Service Rules and Regulations of the City of Las Vegas,
and by said reference and adoption, made a part of this ordinance, the same as if it was fully set forth here-
in .

SECTION TWO: All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed, but it is
specifically provided that neither this ordinance or any repeal hereby provided shall in any way affect in any
way the prosecution for the violation of any ordinance heretofore passed, pending at the time of the adoption
of this ordinance.

SECTION THREE: This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption as provided by
Chapter II, Section 30, of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

S/_______E. W. Cragin _____________________

Mayor

SEAL
ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger_______________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas on the 7th day of November, 1949 and referred to the following committee composed of com-
missioners Moore and Whipple for recommendation; that after the said committee reported favorably on the said
ordinance on the 9th day of November, 1949, which was the next special meeting of said Board of City Commission-
ers , that the said special meeting on the 9th day of November, 1949, the said proposed ordinance was read aloud
in full and adopted as first introduced this 9th day of November, 1949 by the following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Bunker, Whipple and His Honor. Mayor Cragin_____________

Voting Nay: None_____________________________________________________________________________________________________

Absent:	Commissioners. Moore and Peccole______________________________________________________________________
S/ E. W. Cragin____________________________________

Mayor

SEAL

ATTEST:

S/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER_________________

City Clerk

NOTICE

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that three (3) copies of a certain document marked and designated as Civil
Service Rules and Regulations of the City of Las Vegas are on file in the City Clerk's office in the City Hall,
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, for use and examination by the public.

That this notice is given prior to the passage of a proposed ordinance now before the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas for the adoption of said Rules and Regulations, and is given in accordance
with Chapter II, Section 30, of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, as amended, 1949, Nevada Compiled Laws.

SEAL

S/ Shirley Ballinger_____________________________________

CITY CLERK

DATED this 21st day of October, 1949

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss.
COUNTY OF CLARK)

Carl Woodbury, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor_______________________of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for
a period of 7 times from October 24, 1949 to October 31. 1949 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: October 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 30, 31, 1949. That said newspaper was regularly
issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury___________________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 31st day of October, 1949.

S/ A. E. Cahlan_______________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

ORDINANCE NO. 392

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,
TO MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING A SANITARY SEWER IN THE SAID CITY; PRO-
VIDING THAT THE COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS IN-
CLUDED WITHIN THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO THE BENEFITS; AND OTHER MATTERS
RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1.	The Board	of	Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby	declares its	determination to	make

the following improvements	in	the City of Las Vegas, in accordance with the	plats,	diagrams and estimates	of

cost	on file in	the office	of	the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

To install	a sanitary	sewer system in the Meadows Addition to the City	of Las	Vegas	which includes all of

the property embraced in the following described premises, to-wit:

The East one-half (E½) of the Southeast quarter
(SE¼) of Section four (4) Township 21, Range 61
East, Mount Diablo Base Meridian.

The above described assessment district shall be designated and known as Sanitary Sewer Assessment Dis-
trict #200-3.

Section 2. The cost and expense of making the improvements described in Section 1 of this Ordinance
shall be paid by special assessment to be made, according to the benefits, against the owners and upon the
taxable lots and premises embraced within the special assessment district hereby created, and composed of all
the taxable lots and premises included within said district that shall receive benefits from said Sanitary
Sewer Assessment District #200-3, as shown on Exhibit "A", a map thereof on file in the office of the City
Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Section 3. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall keep the plats, diagrams, and the estimates
of cost on file in her office for public inspection, and the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall give no-
tice thereof and of the proposed improvements, of the location thereof, and of the district to be assessed, by
publication for two weeks, that is to say, once a week for two successive weeks, in the Las Vegas Review Jour-
nal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, by posting notices of the same in at least three
public places in each ward, and also by posting a notice in or near the postoffice of the City of Las Vegas,
and by posting notices in three public places near the site of the proposed improvements. The notices shall
also state the time when the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will meet and consider any sugges-
tions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements.

Section 4. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next section
provided and final passage.

Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this ordinance No. 392 to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED

S/ E. W. Cragin_______________________________________

Mayor

SEAL

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on
the 3rd day of October . 1949. and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker and
Peccole for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 9th day
November______, 1949, which was the special meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said special meet-

ing held on the 9th day of November, 1949, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Com-
missioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker. Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Cragin___________________

Voting "Nay": None______________________________________________________________________

Absent:	________Commissioners Moore and Peccole________________________________________________________________

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin_______________________________________

Mayor

SEAL
ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger_______________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK) ss.

Carl Woodbury___________, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor___________of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper
for a period of 2 times from November 16, 1949 to November 23, 1949 inclusive, being the issues of said news-
paper for the following dates, to-wit: November 16, 23, 1949. That said newspaper was regularly issued and
circulated on each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th day of November, 1949.

S/ A. E. Cahlan_______________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My commission expires January 12, 1951__________.

ORDINANCE NO. 393

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE DISPENSING OF GASOLINE; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR VIOLATION; REPEALING ALL OR-
DINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH AND ALL OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That it is unlawful to conduct, maintain or operate a self-service gasoline station within the
City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. That it is unlawful to dispense gasoline into the fuel tanks of motor vehicles or other con-
tainers at a public garage, public service station or other public dispensary, except by the owner, operator,
or regularly authorized employees thereof.
Section 3. Any person violating any of the provisions of this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

Section 4. If any part, provision or section of this ordinance or the application thereof to any person
or circumstance shall be held to be invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of this ordi-
nance or the application of such part, provision or section thereof to any other person or circumstances shall
not be affected there by.

Section 5. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the next section
provided, and final passage.

Section 6. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first reading and
adoption in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on
the 9th day of November , 1949, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker and
Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 22nd day
November , 1949, which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said regular meeting
held on the 22nd day of November , 1949, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Com-
missioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor. Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay":	None

Absent:	None

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin______________________________________

Mayor

SEAL

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger__________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK) ss.

Carl Woodbury, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor_________________of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for
a period of 2 times from November 30, 1949, to December 7, 1949 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: November 30, December 7. 1949. That said newspaper was regularly issued and
circulated on each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury__________________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th day of December, 1949

S/ A. E. Cahlan______________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

ORDINANCE NO. 394

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS REQUIRING COMMITTED PRISONERS TO WORK UPON THE STREETS, PUBLIC WORKS,
BUILDING AND GROUNDS OF THE CITY; PROVIDING CREDIT GIVEN FOR WORK; PUNISHMENT FOR REFUSAL TO WORK, AND OTHER
MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Every person, having physical ability to do so, when convicted of any offense in violation of
the ordinances or Code of the City of Las Vegas, and committed to jail therefor, may be required to work upon
the streets, public works, building and grounds of the City, not exceeding eight (8) hours each working day,
and the Chief of Police, or other person having such person in charge while performing such work, may employ any
reasonable humane and efficient means to prevent such prisoner from escaping from custody while being so em-
ployed .

Sect ion 2. For each and every day's work done by any person, he shall be allowed Two Dollars ($2.00) for
each day's work on account of such fines and costs.

Section 3. If any prisoner convicted under this Ordinance shall refuse to work, having physical ability
so to do when required to so work as in this Ordinance so provided, may, as a punishment, be compelled to "pack
sand" or carry other material from place to place, or to perform other labor not unreasonable, inhuman or too
burdensome, until he declares himself willing to work, and does work as required; or in lieu thereof, he may,
in the discretion of the Chief of Police, be confined in a cell and be fed upon no other food except bread and
water, until he declares himself ready to work; both methods of punishment for refusing to work shall in no
case be inflicted upon the same person at the same time. In either case of punishment for refusing to work as
required, such person shall receive no allowance or credit upon his term of work or imprisonment for such
forced labor or solitary confinement.
Section 4. It shell be the duty of the Chief of Police during fair and reasonable weather, when the same
can be done without extra expense to the City, to procure employment for and set at work such convicted prison-
ers who are confined and serving out their term of imprisonment, and to this end, upon the application of the
Commissioners of said City having charge and supervision of the Streets and Alleys therein, and of the public
property therein, or upon request of the Sheriff of Clark County, he shall deliver into the custody and charge
of such person so making such application or request, and such prisoner as he may have in his custody, and any
such prisoner shall be returned by the person so receiving him in custody to the City Jail or other place of de-
tention to the police or other officer in charge thereof before the hour of 6 o'clock P.M. for safe keeping until
again required for labor.

Section 5. But persons having such prisoners in charge during the time they are so employed by any public
work in the City, shall receive no extra compensation by reason of any work or service rendered or accomplished
by such prisoners.

Section 6. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the next section
provided, and final passage.

Section 7. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first reading and
adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on the
9th day of November , 1949, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker and
Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 22nd day of

November______, 1949, which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said regular meeting

held on the 22nd day of November , 1949, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commis-
sioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker. Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Cragin__________________________

Voting "Nay":	None_____________________________________________________________________________________________

Absent:	None_____________________________________________________________________________________________

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin_______________________________________

Mayor

SEAL
ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger___________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK )ss.

Carl Woodbury___________being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor_______________of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 times from November 30, 1949 to December 7, 1949 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit: November 30; December 7. 1949. That said newspaper was regularly issued and cir-
culated on each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury______________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th day of December, 1949.

S/ A. E. Cahlan_______

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

ORDINANCE NO. 395

AN ORDINANCE RELATING TO THE AUTHORIZATION AND ISSUANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BILTMORE STREET LIGHTING IM-
PROVEMENT BONDS IN THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $12,528.56 TO COVER CERTAIN UNPAID ASSESSMENTS HERETOFORE
LEVIED AND CONFIRMED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, FOR THE PURPOSE OF PAYING FOR THE
WORK OF MAKING IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING COMPLETE STREET LIGHTING UNITS WITH PARKWAY
CABLE AND ORNAMENTAL STANDARDS ALONG CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN SAID CITY AND MORE PARTICULARLY
DESCRIBED IN THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT AS CREATED BY ORDINANCE NO. 318, AND TO ISSUE AND SELL THE BONDS OF
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS THEREFOR, SAID BONDS TO BE KNOWN AS BILTMORE STREET LIGHTING IMPROVEMENT BONDS AND PROVI-
DING FOR THE COLLECTION OF THE SAID UNPAID ASSESSMENTS BY DIVIDING THE SAME INTO TEN (10) ANNUAL INSTALLMENTS
AND PLACING SAID INSTALLMENTS ON THE	TAX ROLL OF CLARK	COUNTY AND COLLECTING THE SAME IN THE SAME MANNER AS

STATE AND COUNTY TAXES ARE COLLECTED	BY LAW,	AND OTHER	MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That for the purpose of paying for the installation of complete street lighting units with
parkway cable and ornamental standards in, over, and along all the streets embraced within those subdivisions
in the City of Las Vegas known as the Biltmore Addition, Biltmore Addition Annex No. 1, and Biltmore Addition
Annex No. 2, the particular lots and	parcels	of land &	the persons to whom assessed being particularly	described

and set forth in the assessment roll	on file	in the City Clerk's office, for which special assessments	have	here-

tofore been levied and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, and not paid in full by said owners of property
on said streets heretofore named and in compliance with and by virtue and authority of the Legislature of the
State of Nevada, approved March 16, 1911, entitled "An Act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas in Clark County,
and defining the boundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishing of a City Government therefor, and other
matters relating thereto, as amended."
The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized, empowered and directed to issue
in the name of the City of Las Vegas, twelve (12) bonds of the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00)
and one (1) bond of the denomination of Five Hundred Twenty-eight Dollars and Fifty-Six Cents ($528.56), each
bearing interest at the rate of not to exceed seven percent (7%) per annum, both principal and interest being
payable at the office of the City Treasurer in any coin or currency of the United States of America which on
the respective dates of payment is legal tender, all dated as of January 1, 1950, numbered consecutively from
one upwards and to the extent such bonds are issued, maturing serially as follows:

Bond Numbers	Maturity Date	Total

1	January	1,	1951	$ 528.56

2	January	1,	1952	$1,000.00

3	January	1,	1953	$1,000.00

4	January	1,	1954	$1,000.00

5	January	1,	1955	$1,000.00

6	January	1,	1956	$1,000.00

7	January	1,	1957	$1,000.00

8	&	9	January	1,	1958	$2,000.00

10 &	11	January,	1, 1959	$2,000.00

12 &	13	January	1,	1960	$2,000.00

Said bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, and by the City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas, and shall be countersigned by the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas under the seal of the
City. Each of said bonds shall have attached thereto appropriate coupons to evidence the installments of in-
terest due thereon and shall bear the signature or facsimile signature of the City Treasurer. The said bonds
shall be known and called City of Las Vegas Biltmore Street Lighting Improvement Bonds and shall be substanti-
ally in the following form:

"UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA

BILTMORE STREET LIGHTING IMPROVEMENT BONDS
SERIES OF JANUARY 1, 1950

No._______ $1,000.00

"The City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for value received, hereby acknow-
ledges itself indebted and promises to pay to bearer the sum of

ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,000.00)

on the first day of January, A.D. 19____, with interest thereon at the rate of ________per centum (	%) per annum,

payable semiannually on the first days of January and July in each year upon presentation and surrender of this
bond and the attached coupons as they severally become due, both principal and interest being payable at the
office of the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada, in any coin or currency of the
United States of America which, on the respective dates of payment is legal tender for the payment of public
and private debts.

"This bond is one of a series of bonds of like tenor issued by the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of
installing street lighting for the use of the City of Las Vegas and its inhabitants and for defraying the cost
thereof under the authority of the Charter of said City and of an ordinance duly enacted pursuant thereto by
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. It is hereby certified that all acts and things
required to be done and all conditions and things required to exist precedent to and in the issuance of this
bond to render the same lawful and valid have happened, been done and performed and did exist in regular and
in due form and in every manner as required by law and that the total indebtedness of the City of Las Vegas
including the indebtedness evidenced by this bond does not exceed the statutory or constitutional limitations
under the constitution and laws of the State of Nevada and of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and it is
further certified and recited that provision has been made for the levy and collection of an annual assessment
sufficient to pay the interest on this bond and to discharge the principal thereof when and as the same several-
ly becomes due.

"The full faith and credit of the City of Las Vegas are hereby pledged for the punctual payment of the
principal of and the interest upon this bond.

"IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas has caused this bond to be signed by its Mayor and by its City
Clerk and countersigned by the City Treasurer under the seal of the City of Las Vegas, all this first day of
January, A.D. 1950.

Mayor

Countersigned:

City Treasurer

ATTEST:

City Clerk

"(Form of Coupon)

No._________________ $___________________________________________________________________________________________

January

"On the first day of July , A.D. 19_________, the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark, State of

Nevada, will pay the bearer

_______________________________Dollars
at the office of the City Treasurer in Las Vegas, Nevada, in lawful money of the United States of America, being
six months' interest on its Biltmore Street Lighting Improvement Bonds, Series of January, 1950.

Bond No.___________

(Facsimile Signature)___________________

CITY TREASURER

Section 2. The amount remaining unpaid of the said special assessments for which these bonds are to be
issued, as shown by the assessment roll on file in the office of the City Clerk and the Ex-Officio City Asses-
sor of the City of Las Vegas appears to be Twelve Thousand Five Hundred Twenty-Eight Dollars and Fifty-Six cents
($12,528.56) and the said bonds and the said annual installments due and to become due thereon for ten (10) an-
nual periods commencing January 1, 1950, are, and shall be, a lien upon the lots and parcels of said land, par-
ticularly described for the amounts of the assessments due thereon, together with interest at the rate of not to
exceed seven percent (7%) per annum from the first day of January, 1950: until said bonds are paid, the exact
amount of interest on said bonds to be fixed and determined at the rate offered by the successful bidder on the
said bonds, as provided by law, and the interest on said installments of the said unpaid assessments to be fixed
by appropriate action of the said Board of City Commissioners at the same rate as the interest payable on said
bonds.

Section 3. That the unpaid assessments shall be paid as follows: One-tenth on or before one year from the
1st day of January, 1950, and one-tenth on or before the first day of January of each year thereafter, until the
same is paid in full, with interest thereon, not to exceed seven per cent (7%) per annum; each of said install-
ments shall bear interest not to exceed seven per cent (7%) per annum, payable semi-annually, in the manner
hereinafter directed, on the whole amount due and unpaid. Such installments and the interest thereon shall be
and remain a lien on the said lots and parcels of land until paid in full, and shall be collected and paid in
the following manner.

Each installment, together with the interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County on
and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-Officio Asses-
sor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the said tax roll of Clark
County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on the said tax roll of Clark County,
and the County Treasurer, Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed
to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other state and county taxes are collected.

Section 4. Said installments of special taxes and the interest thereon, when collected, shall constitute
and be a sinking fund for the payment of said bonds and the interest thereon, and said fund shall be known as
Biltmore Lighting Improvement Bond Interest and Redemption Fund.

Section 5. The issuance of the bonds herein provided for shall be conclusive evidence of the regularity
of all proceedings up to the issuance of such bonds, and in the event that the fund created by such special as-
sessments shall be insufficient to pay the said bonds as they become due, the deficiency, if any, shall be paid
by the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, out of the General Fund of said City and each of the bonds is-
sued under this Ordinance shall contain a provision to that effect, and said bonds shall be exempt from City
taxation.

Section 6. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the next section
provided, and final passage.

Section 7. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first reading
and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on the

7th day of November_____, 1949 and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker and

Peccole for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the 22nd day
November , 1949. which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said regular meeting
held on the 22nd day of November______, 1949, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commis-

sioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor. Mayor Cragin___________________________

Voting "Nay": None________________________________________________________________________________________________

Absent:	None_______________________________________________________________________________________________

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

SEAL
ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger____________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK )ss

Carl Woodbury______________being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper
for a period of 2 times from November 30, 1949 to December 7, 1949 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit:
November 30. December 7, 1949, That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury___________________________________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th day of December, 1949.

S/ A. E. Cahlan_______________________________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

ORDINANCE NO. 396

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 2 OF ORDINANCE NO. 354 OF THE CITY OF MS VEGAS, ENTITLED, "AN ORDINANCE RELATING
TO TRAFFIC AND REGULATING THE USE OF THE STREETS AND HIGHWAYS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; CREATING AND DEFINING
PARKING METER ZONES; PROVIDING FOR THE DESIGNATION OF INDIVIDUAL PARKING SPACES; DEFINING AND PROVIDING FOR THE
INSTALLATION, OPERATION, AND MAINTENANCE OF PARKING METERS; PRESCRIBING PARKING TIME LIMITS; REQUIRING DEPOSIT
OF COINS FOR THE USE OF PARKING METERS AND PARKING METER ZONES AND PROVIDING FOR THE COLLECTION AND DISPOSITION
OF SUCH COINS; PROVIDING FOR THE ENFORCEMENT THEREOF; DEFINING OFFENSES AND PRESCRIBING PENALTIES; AND PROVID-
ING THAT INVALIDITY OF PART SHALL NOT AFFECT THE VALIDITY OF THE REMAINDER; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR
PARTS OR ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH." ALSO REFERRED TO AS CHAPTER 36, SECTION 116 OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY
CODE.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. The following named and described areas, streets or portions of streets and such other areas,
streets or portions of streets as may hereafter be included in this section by amendment hereto, lying within
the corporate limits of the City, shall constitute a parking meter zone, namely:

On Fremont Street from Main Avenue to 7th Street; on Carson
Avenue from Main Avenue to 7th Street; on Ogden Avenue from
Main Avenue to 7th Street; on Bridger Avenue from Main Avenue
to 7th Street; on Stewart Street from Main Avenue to 7th Street;
on First Street, Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street,

Fifth Street, Sixth Street, and Seventh Street, between Bridger
Avenue and Stewart Street. All frontages on such streets defin-
ing said zones are to be included the rein.

Section 2. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon
its first reading and adoption, and final publication as in the next section provided.

Section 3. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first reading
and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on

the 22nd day of November________, 1949, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Moore

and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 7th
day of December , 1949, which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said regular
meeting held on the 7th day of December , 1949, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City
Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Cragin.______________________________

Voting "Nay": None_____________________________________________________

Absent:	None _________________________________________________

APPROVED:

S/ E W. Cragin__________________________________________________

Mayor

SEAL

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger________________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK )

_________Carl Woodbury___________, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for
a period of 2 times from December 12, 1949 to December 19, 1949 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: December 12, 19, 1949. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circula-
ted on each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury_____________________________________________
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of December, 1949.

S/ A. E. Cahlan________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951

ORDINANCE NO. 397

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, TO
MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND CONSTRUCTING OIL BOUND GRAVEL PAVEMENT
AND CONCRETE CURBS AND GUTTERS, COMPLETE STREET LIGHTING, AND SIDEWALKS WHENEVER NECESSARY ON CERTAIN STREETS
AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN SAID CITY; PROVIDING THAT THE COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY
SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDED WITHIN THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORD-
ING TO THE BENEFITS; AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby declares its determination to
make the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, in accordance with the plats, diagrams and estimates
of cost on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

To grade for and construct oil bound gravel pavement, concrete curbs and gutters, sidewalks wherever
necessary and complete street lighting on the following streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, to-wit:

All of South 17th Street from Charleston Boulevard
to Carson Avenue; all of Spencer Street from Charles-
ton Boulevard to Carson Avenue and from Carson Avenue
to 17th Street.

The Special Assessment District hereby created shall include all the taxable lots and premises abut-
ting said streets and portions of streets and shall be designated and known as Street Improvement Assessment
District #100-3.

Section 2. The cost and expense of making the improvements described in Section 1 of this Ordinance
shall be paid by special assessment to be made, according to the benefits, against the owners and upon the tax-
able lots and premises embraced within the special assessment district hereby created, and composed of all the
taxable lots and premises included within said district that shall receive benefits from said street improve-
ment assessment district #100-3, as shown on Exhibit A, a map thereof, on file in the office of the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Section 3. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall keep the plats, diagrams, and the estimates
of cost on file in her office for public inspection, and the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall give no-
tice thereof and of the proposed improvements, of the location thereof, and of the district to be assessed, by
publication for two weeks, that is to say, once a week for two successive weeks, in the Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, by posting notices of the same in at least three
public places in each ward, and also by posting a notice in or near the postoffice of the City of Las Vegas, and
by posting notices in three public places near the site of the proposed improvements. The notices shall also
state the time when the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will meet and consider any suggestions
and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements.

Section 4. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final passage and publication,
as in the next, section provided.

Section 5. The City Clerk, and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall
cause this ordinance No. 397 to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas.

APPROVED:

S/ Reed Whipple_________________________________________

Mayor, Pro Tem

SEAL

S/ Shirley Ballinger___________________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners

on the 16th day of December____, 1949, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker

and Peccole for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 16th

day of December_______, 1949, which was the special meeting held on the 16th day of December 1949, that at

said special meeting held on the 16th day of December______, 1949, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the

Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker. Moore, Peccole and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem, Whipple_________________________

Voting "Nay": None ______________________________________________________________________________________________

Absent:	Mayor Cragin _____________________________________________________

APPROVED:

S/ Reed Whipple_______________________________________

Mayor Pro Tem
The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of
Commissioners on the 16th day of December_____________, 1949, and referred to the following com-

mittee composed of Commissioners Moore and Peccole for recommendation; thereafter the said
committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 16th day of December , 1949, which

was the special meeting held on the 16th day of December___________, 1949, that at said special

meeting held on the 16th day of December , 1949, the proposed ordinance was read in full
to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Whipple

Voting "Nay": None__________________________________________________________________________________

Absent:	Mayor Cragin_______________________________________________________________________

APPROVED:

S/ Reed Whipple___________________________________

Mayor Pro Tem

SEAL
ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger__________________________

City Clerk

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger_________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) ss.
COUNTY OF CLARK )

Carl Woodbury________, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor________________of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 times from December 19, 1949 to December 26, 1949 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit: December 19, 26, 1949. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury___________________________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of December, 1949

S/ A. E. Cahlan_______________________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

ORDINANCE NO. 398

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA. TO MAKE
CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND CONSTRUCTING OIL BOUND GRAVEL PAVEMENTS ON CER-
TAIN STREETS AND PORTION OF STREETS IN SAID CITY; PROVIDING THAT THE COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE PAID EN-
TIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDED WITHIN THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED
ACCORDING TO THE BENEFITS; AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby declares its determination to make
the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, in accordance with the plats, diagrams and estimates of
cost on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

To grade for and construct oil bound gravel pavement on the following streets and portions of streets in
the City of Las Vegas, to-wit:

All of South 8th Street from Franklin Avenue to
a line 135 feet South of the center line of Park
Paseo Avenue; all of South 7th Street from Franklin
Avenue to a line 100 feet South of the center line
of Park Paseo Avenue.

The Special Assessment District hereby created shall include all the taxable lots and premises abutting
said streets and portions of streets, and shall be designated and known as Street Improvement Assessment District
#100-4.

Section 2. The cost and expense of making the improvements described in Section 1 of this Ordinance shall
be paid by special assessment to be made, according to the benefits, against the owners and upon the taxable lots
and premises embraced within the special assessment district hereby created, and composed of all the taxable lots
and premises included within said district that shall receive benefits from said street improvement assessment
district #100-4, as shown on Exhibit A, a map thereof, on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Section 3. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall keep the plats, diagrams, and the estimates of
cost on file in her office for public inspection, and the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall give notice
thereof and of the proposed improvements, of the location thereof, and of the district to be assessed, by publi-
cation for two weeks, that is to say, once a week for two successive weeks, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Jour-
nal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, by posting notices of the same in at least three pub-
lic places in each ward, and also by posting a notice in or near the postoffice of the City of Las Vegas, and by
posting notices in three public places near the site of the proposed improvements. The notices shall also state
the time when the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will meet and consider any suggestions and ob-
jections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements.

Section 4. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final passage and publication, as in
the next section provided.

Section 5. The City Clerk, and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall cause
this ordinance No. 398 to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas.

APPROVED:

S/ Reed Whipple_________________________________________________

Mayor Pro Tem

SEAL:

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger______________________

City Clerk
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Carl Woodbury_______________, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor______________of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 times from December 19, 1949 to December 26, 1949 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit: December 19, 26, 1949, That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury_______________________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of December, 1949.

S/ A. E. Cahlan___________________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

ORDINANCE NO. 399

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, TO MAKE
CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING A SANITARY SEVER IN THE SAID CITY; PROVIDING THAT
THE COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDED WITHIN THE
SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO THE BENEFITS; AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows :

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby declares its determination to make
the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, in accordance with the plats, diagrams and estimates of
cost on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

To install a sanitary sewer in the alley between Walnut Avenue and Mesquite Avenue; from Bruce Street to
19th Street; in the alley between Mesquite Avenue and Cedar Avenue; from Bruce Street to 21st Street. In the
alley between Cedar Avenue and Poplar Avenue; from Bruce Street to 21st Street; in the alley between Poplar Ave-
nue and Elm Avenue; from Bruce Street to 21st Street; in the alley between Elm Avenue and Marlin Avenue; from
Bruce Street to 21st Street. In the alley between Stewart Avenue and Marlin Avenue; from Bruce Avenue to exist-
ing line 80.5 feet west of center line of 23rd Street. On Ash Avenue from 21st Street to 23rd Street. On 16th
Street to Marlin Avenue to Bruce Avenue. In the alley between 14th and 15th Streets from Ogden Avenue to Stew-
art Avenue. In the easement between 14th and 15th Streets from Stewart Avenue to Marlin Avenue. In the alley
between 12th Street and 13th Streets from Stewart to Marlin Avenue.

The special assessment district hereby created shall include all the taxable lots and premises abutting
said streets and alleys, and shall be designated and known as Sanitary Sewer Assessment District No. 200-1.

Section 2. The cost and expense of making the improvements described in Section 1 of this Ordinance shall
be paid by special assessment to be made, according to the benefits, against the owners and upon the taxable lots
and premises embraced within the special assessment district hereby created, and composed of all the taxable
lots and premises included within said district that shall receive benefits from said sanitary sewer assessment
district #200-1, as shown on Exhibit A, a map thereof on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Section 3. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall keep the plats, diagrams, and the estimates of
cost on file in her office for public inspection, and the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall give notice
thereof and of the proposed improvements, of the location thereof, and of the district to be assessed, by publi-
cation for two weeks, that is to say, once a week for two successive weeks, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a
daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, by posting notices of the same in at least three public
places in each ward, and also by posting a notice in or near the postoffice of the City of Las Vegas, and by
posting notices in three public places near the site of the proposed improvements. The notices shall also
state the time when the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will meet and consider any suggestions
and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements.

Section 4. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next section
provided.

Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause this
ordinance No. 399 to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading
and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

S/ Reed Whipple____________________________________________

Mayor Pro Tem

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Carl Woodbury______________, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor______________of the LAS
The above and foregoing Ordinance was first, proposed and read by title to the Board of
Commissioners on the 16th day of December,___________1949, and referred to the following com-

mittee composed of Commissioners Bunker and Moore for recommendation; thereafter the said

committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 16th day of December____________, 1949,

which was the special meeting held on the 16th day of December	, 1949, that at said

special meeting held on the 16th day of December	, 1949, the proposed ordinance was

read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the fol-
lowing vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Whipple.

Voting "Nay": None	

Absent:	Mayor Cragin	

APPROVED:

S/ Reed Whipple_____________________________

Mayor Pro Tem

SEAL

S/ Shirley Ballinger___________________

City Clerk

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 times from December 19, 1949 to December 26, 1949 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit: December 19, 26, 1949. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury__________________________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of December, 1949.

S/ A. E. Cahlan______________________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

ORDINANCE NO. 400

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, TO MAKE
CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING A SANITARY SEWER IN THE SAID CITY; PROVIDING THAI THE
COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDED WITHIN THE SPE-
CIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO THE BENEFITS; AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby declares its determination to make
the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, in accordance with the plats, diagrams and estimates of
cost on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

To install a sanitary sewer line on Charleston Boulevard from existing manhole at Rose Avenue and Charles-
ton Boulevard running west to Cashman Drive.

The special assessment district hereby created shall include all the taxable lots and premises abutting
said streets and alleys, and shall be designated and known as Sanitary Sewer Assessment District No. 200-2.

Section 2. The cost and expense of making the improvements described in Section 1 of this Ordinance shall
be paid by special assessment to be made, according to the benefits, against the owners and upon the taxable lots
and premises embraced within the special assessment district hereby created, and composed of all the taxable lots
and premises included within said district that shall receive benefits from said sanitary sewer assessment dis-
trict #200-2, as shown on Exhibit A, a map thereof on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada.	

Section 3. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall keep the plats, diagrams, and the estimates of
cost on file in her office for public inspection, and the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall give notice
thereof and of the proposed improvements, of the location thereof, and of the district to be assessed, by publi-
cation for two weeks, that is to say, once a week for two successive weeks, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a
daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, by posting notices of the same in at least three public
places in each ward, and also by posting a notice in or near the post office of the City of Las Vegas, and by
posting notices in three public places near the site of the proposed improvements. The notices shall also
state the time when the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will meet and consider any suggestions
and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements.

Section 4. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next section
provided.

Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this Ordinance No. 400 to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin_____________________________________________

Mayor

SEAL

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger______________________________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on the

29th day of December_________, 1949, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker and

Peccole for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 6th day of
January	, 1950, which was the regular meeting held on the 6th day of January,	, 1950, that at said

regular meeting held on the 6th day of January_________, 1950, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the

Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote;

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor_________________________________________

Voting "Nay": None________________________________________________________________________________________________

Absent:	None_______________________________________________________________________________________________

APPROVED;

S/ E. W. Cragin________________________________________

Mayor
SEAL

S/ Shirley Ballinger_________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

} COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss.

 _________Carl Woodbury___________, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor___________of the LAS

 VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
 the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
 period of 2 insertions from January 11. 1950 to January 18, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
 for the following dates, to-wit: January 11, 18, That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on

each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury____________________________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th day of September, 1950.

S/ A. E. Cahlan________________________________________________

—	-	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

ORDINANCE NO. 401

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 9 OF ORDINANCE NO. 350 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE TO PRO-
HIBIT GAMING AND OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A LICENSE THEREFOR;
REGULATING THE SAME; FIXING THE AMOUNT OF LICENSE FEES; PROVIDING THE PENALTY FOR VIOLATION THEREOF, REPEALING

ORDINANCE NOS. 77 , 82 , 88, 103, 115, 165 , 245, 271, 287 AND 319, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND
ALL OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO." ALSO REFERRED TO AS CHAPTER 13, SECTION 11 OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 9 of Ordinance #350 of the City of Las Vegas also referred to as Chapter 13, Section 11
of the Las Vegas City Code, is hereby amended to read as follows:

The City Clerk, before issuing a city gambling license shall charge and collect from each applicant a li-
cense fee equal to 2% of all the gross revenue of such applicant, provided that in no event shall the license
fee be less than the amounts hereinafter specified.

Bridge, whist and solo shall be licensed at the rate of not less than $15.00 per quarter, payable quarterly
in advance.

The game of chemin de fer shall be licensed at the rate of not less than $200.00 per quarter, payable quar-
terly in advance.

Where one crap table is licensed in any one establishment, the fee therefor shall be not less than $100.00
per quarter, payable quarterly in advance. Where more than one crap table is licensed in any one establishment,
the fee for each crap table shall be not less than $200.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

The placing of bets on football, baseball and other sports activities shall be licensed at the rate of not
less than $50.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

The game of Keno, Bingo, Tango or Bank Keno shall be licensed at the rate of not less than $75.00 per quar-
ter, payable quarterly in advance, and in addition thereto, shall pay a license fee or charge of not less than
$1.50 per quarter per chair used in the conduct of such game.

Panguingue shall be licensed at the rate of not less than $30.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

Race Horse Book shall be licensed at the rate of not less than $400.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in ad-
vance. The holder of a valid existing license for the operation of a Race Horse Book may secure a license for
the same current quarter for an additional office anywhere within the same building for the purpose of receiving
and transmitting messages in connection with the operation of his Race Horse Book, which additional office shall
not be open to the general public, and the license fee therefor shall be not less than $200.00 per quarter, pay-
able quarterly in advance.

Roulette, "21", Hazard, Faro Bank, Wheels of Fortune and Big Six Wheels shall be licensed at the rate of not
less than $100.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

Each slot machine, except penny slot machines, shall be licensed at the rate of not less than $20.00 per
quarter, payable quarterly in advance for each game embodied and incorporated therein, or for each handle there-
on, or for each payoff chute or other mechanical device therein employed to deliver winnings, or for each coin
denomination for which provision is made in the machine for playing, whichever shall be the greatest. Penny slot
machines shall be licensed at the rate of not less than $50.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance, for
each game embodied and incorporated therein, or for each handle thereon, or for each payoff chute or other mech-
anical device therein employed to deliver winnings, or for each coin slot or insert, whichever shall be the
greatest.

Stud poker and Draw poker shall be licensed at the rate of not less than $50.00 per quarter, payable quarter-
ly in advance.

All games not specifically mentioned in this section shall be licensed at the rate of not less than $50.00
per quarter, payable in advance.

Prior to the issuance of a license hereunder, the applicant therefor shall state, in writing, under oath, to
the City Clerk, the probable amount of gross earnings which it is estimated will be made in the ensuing period
 for which the license is to be issued, and the license fee for such period applied for shall be based on such es-
timated amount, provided that in no event shall such license fee be less than the total amounts above set forth
for the games and devices therein referred to.
Where the amount of gross earnings actually made in any period shall be in excess of the estimate for such
period, the licensee shall be indebted to the City for any deficiency in fee paid for such period liable
therefor to the City in a civil action. No license hereunder shall be issued to such licensee for any subse-
quent period unless end until such deficiency is paid to the City Clerk. Where the amount of gross earnings
actually made in any period shall be less than the estimate for such period, the excess paid in the previous
period shall be credited to the licensee and the same shall be applied to a license issued to such licensee for
the subsequent period, provided in no event shall the license fee for any period specified herein be less than
the minimums above set forth.

The licenses above-mentioned shall entitle the holder or his employees, to carry on, conduct and operate
any one slot machine of only the specific type end class, or only such other specific game or device, for which
such license is issued, and only in the particular room and premises described therein, for a period ending with
the quarter within, which the license was issued: provided, that no license shall be granted for any portion of
any quarter for a sum less than the full quarterly license fee, and the end of each quarter shall be the last
days of March, June, September and December of each year; provided, further, that the licensee shall be entitled
to carry on, conduct, and operate two or more slot machines, games or devices mentioned in this section, in the
same room, upon the payment of the licensee fee herein provided for and the issuance of a license in the manner
and upon the authority, and upon the conditions and restrictions in this chapter provided as on an application
for an original license. Each license shall specify upon the face thereof the name of the licensee, and a com-
plete description identifying the particular room or premises in which the licensee intends to carry on, conduct
or operate the slot machine, game or device mentioned in this section, and shall specify the particular type and
class of slot machine, or other particular game or device, by name.

Section 2. Any person violating any of the provisions of this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

Section 3. If any part, provision or section of this ordinance or the application thereof to any person or
circumstance shall be held to be invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of this ordinance
or the application of such part, provision or section thereof to any other person or circumstances shall not be
affected thereby.

Section 4. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final reading and adoption, and final
publication as in the next section provided.

Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause this
ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first reading and adop-
tion, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on the
6th day of January. 1950. and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker and Peccole
for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 24th day of Janu-
ary , 1950, which was the special meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said special meeting held on
the 24th day of January, 1950. the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as
first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Cragin.______________________________

Voting "Nay": None_____________________________________________________________________________________________

Absent:	Commissioner Moore______________________________________________________________________________

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin_______________________________________________

SEAL

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger____________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss.

______Carl Woodbury__________being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor__________of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 days from January 30, 1950 to February 6, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit: January 30, 1950, February 6, 1950, That said newspaper was regularly issued and
circulated on each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury_______________________________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this

S/ A. E. Cahlan_____________________________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 402

AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY
OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO DEFRAY THE COST OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND CONSTRUCTING OIL BOUND GRAVEL PAVEMENT AND CONCRETE CURBS AND GUTTERS, COM-
PLETE STREET LIGHTING, AND SIDEWALKS WHENEVER NECESSARY ON CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN THE CITY,
ACCORDING TO THE PLATS, DIAGRAMS AND ESTIMATES OF COST THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNT OF SAID ASSESSMENT
AND DESCRIBING AND DESIGNATING THE LOCALITY CONSTITUTING THE DISTRICT TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO BENEFITS AND
OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the cost of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas
by grading for and constructing oil bound gravel pavement, concrete curbs and gutters , and sidewalks whenever
necessary and complete street lighting on all of South 17th Street from Charleston Boulevard to Carson Avenue;
all of Spencer Street from Charleston Boulevard to Carson Avenue; and from Carson Avenue to 17th Street, accord-
ing to the plats, diagrams and estimates of cost heretofore prepared and adopted by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, and on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, the Ex-Officio
City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized, and directed to make forthwith a special
assessment in the total amount of Twenty-Six Thousand Seven Hundred Thirty-Five Dollars and Eighty-Two Cents
($26,735.82), end to levy such assessment according to benefits against the owners and upon the taxable lots
and premises embraced within the special assessment district created by Ordinance #397 of the City of Las Vegas.



Section 2. In no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or premises exceed 50%
of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County
taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the General
Fund.

Section 3. The Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare an assessment roll
in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot and parcel of
land embraced within the aforementioned special assessment districts, such relative portion of the whole sum to
be levied in said district as shall be proportionate to the estimate benefit resulting to such lot or parcel of
land from the improvement.

Section 4. After the special assessment roll, as herein provided for, shall have been prepared and comple-
ted, the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, and thereafter it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered, and the Board of Commis-
sioners shall cause notice thereof to the persons whose names appear upon the assess ment roll, and to all
others interested therein, to be published for at least two weeks in some newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, of the time when the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to re-
view the assessments, and any person, objecting to the assessments, may file his objections thereto with the
City Clerk.

Section 5. At the time appointed for reviewing the assessments, the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Offi-
cio City Assessor shall meet and give all persons interested an opportunity to be heard, and shall consider any
and all objections that may be filed with the City Clerk, and then, or at some adjourned meeting, shall review
the assessments and correct the same, and confirm it as corrected, or confirm it as reported, or annul it, and
direct a new assessment to be made.

Section 6. When the assessments shall be confirmed as herein provided, it shall be final and conclusive.

The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to the County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the Assessment
Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with his certificate of such confirmation, and of the date
thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation,
record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording,
whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to Have notice of the contents of such Assessment Roll,
and it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings prelimi-
nary to the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and Assessment Roll. After the Assessment
Roll has been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts levied thereon shall be come at once due and payable,
and shall constitute and be a lien upon the respective lots and parcels of land, and improvements assessed, and
shall be charged against the persons and properties until paid, provided that upon approval of any assessment,
the amount thereof may be divided into not less than four nor more than ten installments, one of such install-
ments to be collected each year, at such time as the Board may determine, with an annual interest at a rate not
exceeding 7%.

Section 7.	All	assessments, when due and payable, as	in this ordinance provided, shall	be paid to the tax

receiver of the	City	of Las Vegas, Nevada, and by that officer paid into and credited to the	special fund to be

known as and called "Las Vegas Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-3 Fund".

Section 8.	All	costs and expenses incurred in making	the improvements shall be charged	to and paid out of

said fund, provided,	however, that all monies drawn on the	General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to defray any

of the costs and expenses of making the improvements, or, if it shall become necessary to draw upon the General
Fund to defray any of the costs and expenses of the improvements, except as otherwise provided by the Charter
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds from the "Las Vegas
Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-3 Fund" as soon as conditions of the same will permit.

Section 9. This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption, approval and the
publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, published in the City of Las
Vegas.

Section 10. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to cause this ordi-
nance to be published in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for
a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks, immediately after its final passage and approval at this
meeting.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 20th day of January  , A.D. 1950.

S/ E. W. Cragin_________________________________________

Mayor

S/ Shirley Ballinger_______________________

City Clerk
Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

Mayor_____Cragin____________________________"Aye"

Commissioner

__________Bunker____________________________"Aye"

Commissioner Moore__________________________"Aye"

Commissioner Peccole	" Aye"

Absent: Commissioner Whipple

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

None ______________________________________

S/ E. W. Cragin__________________________________________

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger_____________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) ss.
COUNTY OF CLARK )

___________Carl Woodbury,_______being first duly Sword, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 insertions from January 25, 1950 to February 1, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: January 25:; February 1, That said newspaper was regularly issued and circula-
ted on each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury_____________________________________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of September, 1950.

S/ A. E. Cahlan_________________________________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 403

AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING. AUTHORIZING AND DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO DEFRAY THE COST OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVE-
MENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING A SANITARY SEWER IN THE SAID CITY ACCORDING TO THE PLATS, PROGRAMS
AND ESTIMATES OF COST THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRIBING DEFI-
NITELY THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNT OF SAID ASSESSMENT, AND DESCRIBING AND DESIGNATING
THE LOCALITY CONSTITUTING THE DISTRICT TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO THE BENEFITS AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING
THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the cost of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas
by installing a sanitary sewer system in the Meadows Addition to the City of Las Vegas, which includes all of
the property embraced in the following described premises, to-wit:

East half (E½) of the Southeast quarter (SE¼) of
Section four (4), Township Twenty-one (21), Range
Sixty-one East (61-E), M.D.B.&M saving and excepting
therefrom all of Block One (1), Lots seventeen (17)
through thirty-six (36); Block Two (2), Lots eighteen
(18) through forty (40); Block Nine (9), all located
in said Meadows Addition.

Said improvements to be made in accordance with the plats, diagrams and estimates of cost heretofore prepared
and adopted by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and on file in the office of the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized
and directed to make forthwith a special assessment in the total amount of Eighty-Four Thousand, Two Hundred
Eleven Dollars and Thirty Cents ($84,211.30), and to levy such assessment according to benefits against the
owners and upon the taxable lots and premises embraced within the special assessment district created by Ordi-
nance #392 of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2.

In no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or premises exceed 50% of the value
of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County taxation, but
such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the General Fund.

Section 3. The Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare an assessment roll
in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot and parcel of
land embraced within the aforementioned special assessment districts, such relative portion of the whole sum to
be levied in said district, as shall be proportionate to the estimate benefit resulting to such lot or parcel of

Section 4. After the special assessment roll, as herein provided for, shall have been prepared and comple-
ted, the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall re port the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, and thereafter it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered, and the Board of Commis-
sioners shall cause notice thereof to the persons whose names appear upon the Assessment Roll, and to all others
interested therein, to be published at least two weeks in some newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Ne-
vada, of the time when the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to review the asses'
ments, and any person, objecting to the assessments, may file his objections thereto with the City Clerk.

Section 5. At the time appointed for reviewing the assessments, the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio
City Assessor shall meet and give all persons interested an opportunity to be heard, and shall consider any and
all objections that may be filed with the City Clerk, and then, or at some adjourned meeting, shall review the
assessments and correct the same, and confirm it as corrected, or annul it, and direct a new assessment to be

Section 6. When the assessments shall be confirmed as herein provided, it shall be final and conclusive.
The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to the County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the Assessment
Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with his certificate of such confirmation, and of the date
thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation,
record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording,
whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents of such Assessment Roll,
and it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings prelimi-
nary to the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and Assessment Roll. After the Assessment
Roll has been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts levied thereon shall become at once due and payable,
and shall constitute end be a lien upon the respective lots and parcels of land, and improvements assessed, and
shall be charged against the persons and properties until paid, provided that upon approval of any assessment,
the amount thereof may be divided into not less than four nor more than ten installments, one of such install-
ments to be collected each year, at such time as the Board may determine, with an annual interest at a rate not
exceeding 7%.

Section 7.	All	assessments, when due and payable, as	in this ordinance provided, shall	be paid to the tax

receiver of the	City	of Las Vegas, Nevada, and by that Officer paid into and credited to the	special Fund to be

known as and called "Las Vegas Sewer Assessment District No. 200-3 Fund".

Section 8.	All	costs and expenses incurred in making	the improvements shall be charged	to and paid out of

said fund, provided,	however, that all monies drawn on the	General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to defray any

of the costs and expenses of making the improvements, or, if it shall become necessary to draw upon the General
Fund to defray any of the costs and expenses of the improvements, except as otherwise provided by the Charter
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds from the "Las Vegas
Sewer Assessment District No. 200-3 Fund" as soon as conditions of the same will permit.

Section 9. This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption, approval and the
publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, published in the City of Las

Section 10. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to cause this ordi-
nance to be published in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for
a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks, immediately after its final passage and approval at this
meeting.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED THIS 20th day of January_________, A.D. 1950.

(SEAL)	S/ _______E. W. Cragin___________________________

ATTEST:	Mayor

S/ Shirley Ballinger________________________

City Clerk

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

Mayor___________________Cragin___________________________"Aye "

Commissioner____________Bunker__________________________" Aye "

Commissioner	Moore_____________________________"Aye"

Commissioner____________Peccole___________________________"Aye"

Commissioner______________________________________________"Aye"

Absent: Commissioner Whipple

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

None

S/________E. W. Cragin___________________________

Mayor

(SEAL)

Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

ORDINANCE NO. 404

.AN ORDINANCE RELATING TO THE AUTHORIZATION AND ISSUANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS 14TH STREET SANITARY SEWER
BONDS IN THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $19,213.74 TO COVER CERTAIN UNPAID ASSESSMENTS HERETOFORE LEVIED AND
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Carl Woodbury_____being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is

auditor_________of the LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of

general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 insertions from January 25, 1950 to February 1, 1950 inclusive, being the
issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: January 25: February 1.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above

S/ Carl R. Woodbury_________________________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of September, 1950.

S/ A. E. Cahlan_____________________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

CONFIRMED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, FOR THE PURPOSE OF PAYING FOR THE WORK OF MAK-
ING IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING A SANITARY SEWER IN CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF
STREETS IN SAID CITY AND MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED IN THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT AS CREATED BY ORDINANCE
NO. 383, AND TO ISSUE AND SELL THE BONDS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS THEREFOR, SAID BONDS TO BE KNOWN AS 14TH STREET
CITY ADDITION SANITARY SEWER BONDS AND PROVIDING FOR THE COLLECTION OF THE SAID UNPAID ASSESSMENT BY DIVIDING
THE SAME INTO TEN (10 ANNUAL INSTALMENTS AND PLACING SAID INSTALMENTS ON THE TAX ROLL OF CLARK COUNTY AND COL-
LECTING THE SAME IN THE SAME MANNER AS STATE AND COUNTY TAXES ARE COLLECTED BY LAW, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING
THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That for the purpose of paying for the installation of a sanitary sewer system in and along all
the streets embraced within the sanitary sewer assessment district #200-0, the particular lots and parcels of
land and the persons to whom assessed being particularly described and set forth in the Assessment Roll on file
in the City Clerk's Office, for which special assessments have heretofore been levied and confirmed by the Board
of Commissioners, and not paid in full by said owners of property on said streets hereto fore named and in com-
pliance with and by virtue and authority of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, approved March 16, 1911, en-
titled "An Act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas in Clark County, and defining the boundaries thereof, and
to authorize the establishing of a City Government therefor, and other matters relating thereto, as amended."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized, empowered and directed to issue
in the name of the City of Las Vegas, nineteen (19) bonds of the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00
and one (1) bond of the denomination of Two Hundred Thirteen Dollars and Seventy-four Cents ($213.74), each bear-
ing interest at the rate of not to exceed seven per cent (7%) per annum, both principal and interest being pay-
able at the office of the City Treasurer in coin or currency of the United States of America which or the res-
pective dates of payment is legal tender, all dates as of March 1, 1950, numbered consecutively from one up-
wards and to the extent such bonds are issued, maturing serially as follows:

Bond	Numbers	Maturity	Date	Total

1	March	1,	1951	$ 213.74

2	March	1,	1952	$1,000.00

3	& 4	March	1,	1953	$2,000.00

5	& 6	March	1,	1954	$2,000.00

7	& 8	March	1,	1955	$2,000.00

9	& 10	March	1,	1956	$2,000.00

11 & 12		March 1, 1957	$2,000.00

13	& 14	March	1,	1958	$2,000.00

15	& 16	&	17	March	1,	1959	$3,000.00

18	& 19	&	20	March	1,	1960	$3,000.00

Said bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, and by the City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas, and shall be countersigned by the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas under the seal of the City.
Each of said bonds shall have attached thereto appropriate coupons to evidence the installments of interest due
thereon and shall bear the signature or facsimile signature of the City Treasurer. The said bonds shell be
known and called "Las Vegas 14th Street City Addition Sanitary Sewer Bonds" and shall be substantially in the
following form:

" UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA

LAS VEGAS 14TH STREET CITY ADDITION SANITARY SEWER BONDS
SERIES OF MARCH 1, 1950

No._________ $1,000.00

"The City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for value received, hereby acknowledges
itself indebted and promises to pay to bearer the sum of

ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,000.00)

on the 1st day of March, A.D. 19_, with interest thereon at the rate of____________per centum ( %) per annum,

payable semi-annually on the first days of March and September in each year upon presentation and surrender of
this bond and the attached coupons as they severally become due, both principal and interest being payable at
the office of the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada, in any coin or currency of the
United States of America which, on the respective dates of payment is legal tender for the payment of public
and private debts.

"This bond is one of a series of bonds of like tenor issued by the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of
installing a sanitary sewer for the use of the City of Las Vegas and its inhabitants and for defraying the cost
thereof under the authority of the Charter of said City and of an ordinance duly enacted pursuant thereto by
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. It is hereby certified that all acts end things
required to be done and all conditions and things required to exist precedent to and in the issuance of this
bond to render the same lawful and valid have happened, been done and performed and did exist in regular and in
due form and in every manner as required by law and that the total indebtedness of the City of Lac Vegas inclu-
ding the indebtedness evidenced by this bond does not exceed the statutory or constitutional limitations under
the constitution and laws of the State of Nevada and of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and it is further
certified and recited that provision has been made for the levy and connection of an annual assessment suffi-
cient to pay the interest on this bond and to discharge the principal thereof when and as the same severally
becomes due.

"The full faith and credit of the City of Las Vegas are hereby pledged for the punctual payment of the
principal of and the interest upon this bond.

"IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas has caused this bond to be signed by its Mayor and by its City
Clerk and countersigned by the City Treasurer under the seal of the City of Las Vegas, all this first day of
March, A.D. 1950.

S/ E W. Cragin	_____________________________________

Mayor

Countersigned:
City Clerk

"(Form of Coupon)

No.____________                                                                                 $___________________

March

"On the first day of September, A.D. 19_________, the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State

of Nevada, will pay the bearer

__________________________________________Dollars

at the office of the City Treasurer in Las Vegas, Nevada, in lawful money of the United States of America, being
six months' interest on its 14th Street Sanitary Sewer Bonds, Series of March, 1950.

Bond No.

_____(Facsimile Signature)_________________

CITY TREASURER

"

Section 2. The amount remaining unpaid of the said special assessments for which these bonds are to be is-
sued, as shown by the Assessment Roll on file in the office of the City Clerk and the Ex-Officio City Assessor
of the City of Las Vegas appears to be Nineteen Thousand Two Hundred Thirteen Dollars and Seventy-Four Cents
($19,213.74) and the said bonds and the said annual installments due and to become due thereon for ten (10) an-
nual periods commencing March 1, 1950, are, and shall be, a lien upon the lots and parcels of said land, parti-
cularly described for the amounts of the assessments due thereon, together with interest at the rate of not to
exceed seven percent (7%) per	annum from the first day of March, 1950; until	said bonds are paid,	the exact

amount of interest on said bonds	to be fixed and determined at the rate offered by the successful	bidder on the j

said bonds, as provided by law, and the interest on said installments of the said unpaid assessments to be fixed
by appropriate action of the said Board of City Commissioners at the same rate as the interest payable on said

Section 3. That the unpaid assessments shall be paid as follows: One-tenth on or before one year from
the 1st day of March, 1950, and One-tenth on or before the first day of March of each year thereafter, until
the same is paid	in full, with interest thereon, not to	exceed seven	per cent	(7%) per annum; each of said in-
stallments shall	bear	interest not to	exceed seven per cent	(7%) per annum, payable semi-annually, in the man-

ner hereinafter directed, on the whole amount due and unpaid. Such installments and the interest thereon shall
be and remain a lien on the said lots and parcels of land until paid in full, and shall be collected and paid
in the following manner.

Each installment, together with the interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County on
and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting ex-officio Asses-
sor of the City of Las Vegas,	is	hereby authorized and directed to enter the	same on the said tax	roll of Clark

County and to extend the same	in	a special column for special assessments on	the said tax roll of	Clark County,

and the County Treasurer, ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed
to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other state and county taxes are collected.

Section 4.	Said	installments of	special taxes and	the	interest	thereon,	when collected, shall constitute

and be a sinking	fund	for the payment	of said bonds and	the	interest 	thereon,	and said fund shall be known as

Las Vegas 1949 Sanitary Sewer Assessment District #200-0. Improvement Bond Interest and Redemption Fund.

Section 5. The issuance of the bonds herein provided for shall be conclusive evidence of the regularity
of all proceedings up to the issuance of such bonds, and in the event that the bond created by such special
assessments shall be insufficient to pay the said bonds as they become due, the deficiency, if any, shall be
paid by the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, out of the General Fund of said City and each of the bonds
issued under this Ordinance shall contain a provision to that effect, and said bonds shall be exempt from City
taxation.

Section 6. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the next section

Section 7. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and
adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on the
7th day of February	1950, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Moore and

Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the 21st day
of February_______, 1950, which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said regular meet-
ing held on the 21st day of February,_____________, 1950, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the Board of

City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Cragin_____________________________

Voting "Nay": None	___________________————__________________________________________________________

Absent:	None________________________________________________________________________________________________

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin________________________________________________

Mayor

(SEAL)

Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA, ) ss.
COUNTY OF CLARK )

________Carl Woodbury____________, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor________ of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 insertions from February 27, 1950 to March 6, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit: February 27; March 6. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury_____________________________________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th day of September, 1950.

S/ A. E. Cahlan _________________________________—______________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

ORDINANCE NO. 405

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 9 OF ORDINANCE NO. 350 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE TO PRO-
HIBIT GAMING AND OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A LICENSE THEREFOR;
REGULATING THE SAME; FIXING THE AMOUNT OF LICENSE FEES; PROVIDING THE PENALTY FOR VIOLATION THEREOF; REPEALING
ORDINANCE NOS. 77, 82, 88, 103, 115, 165, 245, 271, 287 AND 319, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN
CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND ALL OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO." ALSO REFERRED TO AS CHAPTER 13, SECTION 11 OF THE
LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, AND TO REPEAL ORDINANCE NO. 401.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 9 of Ordinance #350 of the City of Las Vegas also referred to as Chapter 13, Section 11
of the Las Vegas City Code, is hereby amended to read as follows:

Bridge, whist and solo, shall be licensed at the rate of $15.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

The game of chemin de fer shall be licensed at the rate of $250.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

Where one crap table is licensed in any one establishment, the fee therefor shall be $150.00 per quarter,
payable quarterly in advance. Where more than one crap table is licensed in any one establishment, the fee for
each crap table shall be $250.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

The placing of bets on football, baseball and other sports activities shall be licensed at the rate of
$100.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

The game of Keno, Bingo, Tango or Bank Keno shall be licensed at the rate of $75.00 per quarter, payable
quarterly in advance , and in addition thereto, shall pay a license fee or charge of $1.50 per quarter per chair
used in the conduct of such game.

Panguingue shall be licensed at the rate of $30.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

Race Horse Book shall be licensed at the rate of $400.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance. The
holder of a valid existing license for the operation of a Race Horse Book may secure a license for the same cur-
rent quarter for an additional office anywhere within the same building for the purpose of receiving and trans-
mitting messages in connection with the operation of his Race Horse Book, which additional office shall not be
open to the general public and the license fee therefor shall be $200.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in ad-
vance .

Race Horse Keno shall be licensed at the rate of $300.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

Roulette, "21", Hazard, Faro Bank, Wheels of Fortune and Big Six Wheels shall be licensed at the rate of
$150.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

Where five (5) or less slot machines are licensed in any one establishment, except penny slot machines,
each such slot machine shall be licensed at the rate of $25.00 per quarter, payable quarterly, in advance for
each game embodied and incorporated therein, or for each handle thereon, or for each payoff chute or other mech-
anical device therein employed to deliver winnings, or for each coin denomination for which provision is made in
the machine for playing, whichever shall be the greatest. When more than five (5) slot machines are licensed in
any one establishment, except penny slot machines, each such machine shall be licensed at the rate of $30.00 per
quarter, payable quarterly in advance, for each game embodied and incorporated therein, or for each handle there-
on, or for each payoff chute or other mechanical device therein employed to deliver winnings, or for each coin
denomination for which provision is made in the machine for playing, whichever shall be the greatest. Penny slot
machines shall be licensed at the rate of $50.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance, for each game em-
bodied and incorporated therein, or for each handle thereon, or for each payoff chute or other mechanical device
therein employed to deliver winnings, or for each coin slot or insert, whichever shall he the greatest.

Stud poker and Draw poker shall be licensed at the rate of $50.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

All games not specifically mentioned in this section shall be licensed at the rate of $50.00 per quarter,
payable in advance.

The licenses above-mentioned shall entitle the holder or his employees, to carry on, conduct and operate
any one slot machine of only the specific type and class, or only such other specific game or device, for
such license is issued, and only in the particular room and premises described therein, for a period ending with
the quarter within which the license was issued; provided, that no license shall he granted for any portion of
any quarter for a sum less than the full quarterly license fee, and the end of each quarter shall be the last

days of March, June, September and December of each year; provided further, that the license shall be entitled
to carry on, conduct, and operate tywo or more slot machines, games or devices mentioned in this section, in the

same room, upon the payment of the license fee herein provided for and the issuance of a license in the manner
and upon the authority, and upon the conditions and restrictions in this chapter provided as on an application
for an original license. Each license shall specify upon the face thereof the name of the licensee , and a com-
plete description identifying the particular room or premises in which the licensee intends to carry on, conduct
or operate the slot machine, game or device mentioned in this section, and shall specify the particular type and
class of slot machine, or other particular game or device, by name.

Section 2. Any person violating ary of the provisions of this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

Section 3. If any part, provision or section of this ordinance or the application thereof to any person or
circumstance shall be held to be invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of this ordinance
or the application of such part, provision or section thereof to any other person or circumstances shall not be
affected thereby.

Section 4. Ordinance #401 is hereby repealed.

Section 5. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final reading and adoption, and final
publication as in the next section provided.

Section 6. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause this
ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first reading and adop-
tion, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on the

21st day of February___________, 1950, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker and

Peccole for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 7th day of

March______, 1950, which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said regular meeting

held on the 7th day of March_________, 1950, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commis-

sioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Whipple.____________________________________

Voting "Nay": Commissioner Moore_____________________________________________________________________________________

Absent:	Mayor Cragin

APPROVED:

S/ Reed Whipple
Mayor Pro Tem

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger__________________________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Carl Woodbury_________________, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor___________of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 days from March 10, 1950 to March 17, 1950 inclusive, being the issued of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: March 10, 17, 1950. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of
the dates above named.

S/ _____________Carl Woodbury______________________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this	day of

S/ A. E. Cahlan_______

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

ORDINANCE NO. 406

"AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 297 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR LICEN-
SING AND REGULATING THE BUSINESS OF PAWNBROKERS AND PAWNSHOPS, AND DEFINING THE SAME; FIXING AND IMPOSING THE LI-
CENSE FEE TO BE PAID THEREFOR; PROVIDING REGULATIONS FOR THE CONDUCT OF SUCH BUSINESS; FIXING PENALTIES FOR THE
VIOLATION THEREOF, DEFINING ALL DUTIES OF CERTAIN OFFICERS IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, AND TO REPEAL ALL ORDINANCES
AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH." ALSO REFERRED TO AS CHAPTER 22 OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 4 of Ordinance #297 of the City of Las Vegas, also referred to as Chapter 22, Section 12
of the Las Vegas City Code, is hereby amended to read as follows:

The pawnbroker shall retain in his possession every pledge or pawn ninety (90) days after the maturity of
the loan, or ninety (90) days after the last payment of interest whichever is the greater. If the pledgor shall
fail or neglect for ninety (90) days after maturity of the loan, or ninety (90) days after the last payment of
interest, to redeem the pawned property, the pawnbroker may sell any such property held for redemption.

Section 2. Section 16 of Ordinance #297, also referred to as Chapter 22, Section 13, is hereby amended to
read as follows:
Any pawnbroker or keeper of a pawnshop shall furnish to the pledgor what is known as a pawn ticket, plainly
numbered, containing a description of the article or thing pawned or received, date of receipt thereof, the
amount loaned thereon, time for redemption, and name of the pledgee, and shall affix to each article or thing,
a tag upon which shall be inscribed a number of legible characters which shall correspond to the number on the
pawn ticket, and be entered in the book required to be kept by Chapter 22, Section 14 of the Las Vegas City Code.

Section 3. Chapter 22, Section 21 of the Las Vegas City Code is hereby amended to read as follows:

No property received in pledge by any pawnbroker shall be removed from his place of business, except when
redeemed by the owner thereof, within four (4) days after the receipt thereof shall have been reported to the
Chief of Police as herein provided.

Section 4. Chapter	22, Section 22, of the Las	Vegas City Code is hereby repealed.

Section 5. Chapter	22, Section 23, of the Las	Vegas City Code is hereby amended to	read as follows:

No licensed pawnbroker shall buy, sell or take for pledge, pawn or security, any brass knucks.

Section 6. Chapter 22, Section 24 of the Las Vegas City Code is hereby amended to read as follows:

The following information shall be printed on the back of each pawn ticket required to be given the
pledgor:

"In the event you fail to pay the loan within ninety (90) days after maturity or within ninety (90) days
after payment of any monthly interest when due, you shall thereby forfeit all right and title unto said pledged
and pawned property to the pawnbroker who shall thereby acquire an	absolute	title to the same."

Section 7. Chapter 22, Section 25 of	the Las Vegas City Code	is hereby amended to read as follows:

No pawnbroker, loan	broker or keeper of a loan	office shall, in the conduct of such	business, under any	pre-
tense whatever, purchase	or buy any personal property whatsoever without first obtaining	a secondhand dealers

license as provided by Chapter 17, Section 12 of the Las Vegas City Code.

Section 8. The area for which a license may be issued for a pawnbroking business is confined to the dis-
trict bounded by the east side of Main Street, the south side of Stewart. Avenue, the west side of Second Street,
and the north side of Carson Avenue, and also on both sides of West Jackson Avenue between North D Street and
North F Street.

Section 9. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final reading and adoption, 
and final publication as in the next section provided.

Section 10. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first reading and
adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was	first proposed and read	by title	to the Board of Commissioners	on	the

7th day of March 1950, and referred to	the following committee	composed	of Commissioners Bunker and Peccole

for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the 7th day of August,
1950. which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on the 7th
day of August , 1950, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first in-
troduced and amended, and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Cragin___________________________

Voting "Nay": None________________________________________________________________________________________________

Absent:	None_______________________________________________________________________________________________

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin__________________________________________________

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger__________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss.

_____Carl Woodbury__________, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor__________of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 insertions from August 11, 1950 to August 18, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit: August 11, 18, That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of
the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury_________________________________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th day of August, 1950.

S/ Neola Gierhart___________________________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires April 14, 1954.
ORDINANCE NO. 407

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 11 OF THE ELECTRICAL CODE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS AS ADOPTED BY ORDINANCE #306
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS AND ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE TO SAFEGUARD LIFE AND PROPERTY BY REGULATING AND PROVIDING
FOR THE INSPECTION OF ELECTRIC WIRING, DEVICES, APPLIANCES AND EQUIPMENT; CREATING THE OFFICE OF CITY ELECTRI-
CIAN AND PRESCRIBING HIS AUTHORITY AND DUTIES REQUIRING THAT NO ELECTRIC WIRING DEVICES, APPLIANCES OR EQUIPMENT
SHALL BE INSTALLED WITHOUT FIRST SECURING A PERMIT THEREFOR; CREATING A BOARD OF ELECTRICAL EXAMINERS; PROVIDING
FOR THE LICENSING OF PERSON, FIRMS AND CORPORATIONS ENGAGING IN THE BUSINESS OF ELECTRICAL CONTRACTING OR EM-
PLOYING ELECTRICIANS TO OBTAIN ELECTRICAL WORK; MAKING IT UNLAWFUL TO ENGAGE IN THE BUSINESS OF ELECTRICAL CON-
TRACTING OR TO UNDERTAKE THE EXECUTION OF ELECTRICAL WORK WITHOUT A LICENSE, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED; MAK-
ING IT UNLAWFUL TO SELL AT RETAIL CERTAIN ELECTRICAL PRODUCTS UNLESS SUCH PRODUCTS HAVE BEEN APPROVED BY THE
CITY ELECTRICIAN, AND NATIONAL BOARD OF UNDERWRITERS, PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF AND REPEAL-
ING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 11 of the Electrical code as adopted by Ordinance #306 of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby amended to read as follows:

FEE SCHEDULE

20 outlets including water heaters, ranges
and space heaters (on new buildings or

remodeling old buildings). ...........................3.00

All over 20 outlets, per outlet............................15

Motors, 1 H.P. or less...................................2.00

Each additional H. P.......................................25

Neon electrical signs, advertising.......................3.00

First 10 transformers, each.	 .....................  .2.00

Each additional transformer. ............................1.00

Each circuit of incandescent lamps ..... .............. 1.00

Neon lighting, inside..................................  2.00

Plus each foot of tubing.............................. .	.01

Original contractor hanging fixtures, each.................10

Sub-contractor hanging fixtures, each. ................. 2.00

Plus each fixture.......................................  .10

Ranges, water heaters, space heaters installed

separately............................................2.00

Coolers..................................................2.00

Festoon lighting, up to 3000	watts .....................2.00

Plus each additional 1000 watts.	. .....................1.00

Temporary Permit for use of lights and/or motors
in building under course of construction shall
be issued to cover duration of construction only .. 2.00

Section 2. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the next section
provided.

Section 3. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and
adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on the
7th day of March , 1950, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Moore and Whipple
for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the 22nd day of March,
1950, which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on the

22nd day of March______, 1950. the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as

first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor
Voting "Nay": None
Absent:	None

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin__________________________________________

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger_________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Carl Woodbury________, being first duly sworn, deposes and says that he is auditor	of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 days from March 27, 1950 to April 3, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the fol-
lowing dates, to-wit: March 27 & April 3, 1950.	said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on

each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury
The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board
of Commissioners on the 13th day of March , 1950 and referred to the following com-
mittee composed of Commissioners Bunker and Peccole for recommendation; thereafter
the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the 22nd day of March ,
1950, which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said regu-
lar meeting held on the 22nd day of March 1950, the proposed Ordinance was read in
full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the follow-
ing vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker. Moore, Peccole, Whipple____________________________

and His Honor

Voting "Nay":	None_______________________________

Absent:	None	

APPROVED

S/ E. W. Cragin_________________________________

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger	____

City Clerk
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of April, 1950.

S/ A. E. Cahlan	___________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

ORDINANCE NO. 408

AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK,
STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO DEFRAY THE COST OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING A SANITARY SEWER IN THE SAID CITY ACCORDING TO THE PLATS, DIAGRAMS AND ESTIMATES OF COST
THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF
 SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNT OF SAID ASSESSMENT, AND DESCRIBING AND DESIGNATING THE LOCALITY CONSTI-
TUTING THE DISTRICT TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO THE BENEFITS AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the cost of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas
by installing a sanitary sewer line on Charleston Boulevard from existing manhole at Rose Avenue and Charleston
Boulevard running west to Cashman Drive. Said improvements to be made in accordance with the plats, diagrams
and estimates of cost heretofore prepared and adopted by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
and on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City
of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to make forthwith a special assessment in the total
amount of Twenty-Six Thousand, One Hundred Three Dollars and Forty-Four Cents ($26,103.44), and to levy such as-
sessment according to benefits against the owners and upon the taxable lots and premises embraced within the
special assessment district created by Ordinance #400 of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. In no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or premises exceed 50%
of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County
taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the General
Fund.

Section 3. The Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare an Assessment Roll
in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot and parcel of
land embraced within the aforementioned special assessment district, such relative portion of the whole sum to bet
levied in said district, as shall be proportionate to the estimate benefit resulting to such lot or parcel of
land from the improvement.

Section 4. After the special Assessment Roll, as herein provided for, shall have been prepared and comple-
ted, the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, and thereafter it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered, and the Board of Commis-
sioners shall cause notice thereof to the persons whose names appear upon the Assessment Roll, and to all others
interested therein, to be published for at least two weeks in some newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, of the time when the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to review the as-
sessments, and any person, objecting to the assessments, may file his objections thereto with the City Clerk.

Section 5. At the time appointed for reviewing the assessments, The Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Offi-
cio City Assessor shall meet and give all persons interested an opportunity to be heard, and shall consider any
and all objections that may be filed with the City Clerk, and then, or at some adjourned meeting, shall review
the assessments and correct the same, and confirm it as corrected, or confirm it as reported, or annul it, and
direct a new assessment to be made.

Section 6. When the assessments shall be confirmed as herein provided, it shall be final and conclusive.

The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to the County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the Assessment
Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with his certificate of such confirmation, and of the date
thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation,
record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording,
whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents of such Assessment Roll, and
it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to
the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and Assessment Roll. After the Assessment Roll has
been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts levied thereon shall become at once due and payable, and shall
constitute and be a lien upon the respective lots and parcels of land, and improvements assessed, and shall be
charged against the persons and properties until paid, provided that upon approval of any assessment, the amount
thereof may be divided into not less than four nor more than ten installments, one of such installments to be col-
lected each year, at such time as the Board may determine, with an annual interest at a rate not exceeding 7%

Section 7.	All	assessments, when due and payable, as	in this ordinance provided, shall	be paid to the tax

receiver of the	City	of Las Vegas, Nevada, and by that officer paid into and credited to the	special fund to be

known as and called "Las Vegas Sewer Assessment District No. 200-2 Fund".

Section 8.	All	costs and expenses incurred in making	the improvements shall be charged	to and paid out of

said fund, provided,	however, that all monies drawn on the	General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to defray any

of the costs and expenses of making the improvements, or, if it shall become necessary to draw upon the General
Fund to defray any of the costs and expenses of the improvements, except as otherwise provided by the Charter of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds from the "Las Vegas
Sewer Assessment District No. 200-2 Fund" as soon as conditions of the same will permit.

Section 9. This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption, approval and the
publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, published in the City of Las
Vegas.

Section 10. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to cause this ordi-
nance to be published in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for
a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks, immediately after its final passage and approval at this meet-
ing.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 22nd day of March , A.D. 1950.

S/ E. W. Cragin,

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) ss.
COUNTY OF CLARK )

_______Carl Woodbury	, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 days from March 27. 1950. to April 3, 1950, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: March 27: April 3. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of
the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of April, 1950.

S/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE No. 409

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO MAKE CERTAIN
IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING COMPLETE STREET LIGHTING FACILITIES WITH STEEL STANDARDS
AND SINGLE OVERHEAD WIRE ON SERIES LIGHTING SYSTEM ALONG CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN SAID CITY;
PROVIDING THAT THE COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS IN-
CLUDED WITHIN THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO FRONTAGE: AND OTHER MATTERS RE-
LATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby declares its determination to make
the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, in accordance with the plats, diagrams , and estimates of
costs on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

To install complete street lighting facilities with steel standards and single overhead wire on series
lighting system in, over, and along South Main Street from the intersection of 5th Street and Main Street to
the intersection of Carson Street and Main Street.

Section 2. The cost and expense of making the improvements described in Section 1 of this Ordinance shall
be paid by special assessment to be made according to the frontage against the owners and upon the taxable lots
and premises embraced within the special assessment district hereby created and composed of all the taxable lots
and premises situate on South Main Street from the intersection of 5th Street and Main Street to the intersec-
tion	of Carson Street and Main Street, said	district to be designated and known as "Special	Assessment District

Section 3. The City Clerk	of	the City	of Las Vegas shall keep the plats, diagrams and	estimates of costs,

on file in her office for public inspection, and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas shall give notice thereof and of the proposed improvements, of the location thereof, and of the district
to be assessed by publication for two weeks, that is to say, once a week for two successive weeks, in the Las
Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, by posting notices of the same in
at least three public places in each ward, and also by posting a notice in or near the Postoffice of the City,
and posting notices in three public places near the site of the proposed improvements. The notices shall also
state the time when the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will meet and consider any suggestions
and objections that may be made	by	parties in interest to the proposed improvements.

Section 4. This Ordinance	is	declared	and passed as an emergency ordinance, and shall	take effect immedi-

ately after its passage and publication.

Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this Ordinance No. 409 to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

Mayor	Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner______Peccole	" Aye "

Commissioner	Whipple	_______________" Aye"

Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and Moore

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

None	__________
S/ _______E. W. Cragin

Mayor

(SEAL)

(ATTEST)

S/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

N O T I C E

SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-7

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, hereby declares its
determination to install complete street lighting facilities with steel standards and single overhead wire on
series lighting system in, over, and along South Main Street from the intersection of 5th Street and Main Street
to the intersection of Carson Street and Main Street.

The cost and expense of making the improvements described in the foregoing paragraph shall be paid by
special assessment to be made according to the frontage, against the owners and upon the taxable lots and pre-
mises embraced within the special assessment district as created by Ordinance No. 409. Diagrams and estimates
of cost are on file in the office of the City Clerk.

The Board has set Tuesday the 25th day of April 1950 at the hour of 3:00 P.M., as the time for the
hearing of suggestions and/or objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements,
said hearing to be held in the Council Chambers in the City Hall at the comer of Stewart and Fifth Streets, in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

DATED this 7th day of April 1950.

S/ Shirley Ballinger________________________________________

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada

Published: April 10 & 17. 1950.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) ss.
COUNTY OF CLARK )

Carl Woodbury	being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor	of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 insertions from April 10, 1950 to April 17, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit: April 10 and 17, 1950. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated
on each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th day of April, 1950.

S/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

ORDINANCE NO. 410

AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO DEFRAY THE COST OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVE-
MENTS IN THE CITY BY INSTALLING A SANITARY SEWER IN THE SAID CITY ACCORDING TO THE PLATS, DIAGRAMS AND ESTI-
MATES OF COST THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRIBING DEFINITELY
THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNT OF SAID ASSESSMENT, AND DESCRIBING AND DESIGNATING THE
LOCALITY CONSTITUTING THE DISTRICT TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO THE BENEFITS AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the cost of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas
by installing a sanitary sewer in the alley between Walnut Avenue and Mesquite Avenue; from Bruce Street to
19th Street; in the alley between Mesquite Avenue and Cedar Avenue; from Bruce Street to 21st Street. In the
alley between Cedar Avenue and Poplar Avenue; from Bruce Street to 21st Street; in the alley between Poplar
Avenue and Elm Avenue; from Bruce Street to 21st Street; in the alley between Elm Avenue and Marlin Avenue;
from Bruce Street to 21st Street. In the alley between Stewart Avenue and Marlin Avenue; from Bruce Avenue to
existing line 80.5 feet west of center line of 23rd Street. On Ash Avenue from 21st Street to 23rd Street. On
16th Street to Marlin Avenue to Bruce Avenue. In the alley between 14th and 15th Streets from Ogden Avenue to
Stewart Avenue. In the easement between 14th and 15th Streets from Stewart Avenue to Marlin Avenue. In the
alley between 12th Street and 13th Streets from Stewart to Marlin Avenue.

Said improvements to be made in accordance with the plats, diagrams and estimates of cost heretofore prepared
and adopted by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and on file in the office of the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized
and directed to make forthwith a special assessment in the total amount of Thirty-Nine Thousand, Four Hundred
Twenty-Seven Dollars and Fifty Cents $39,427.50) and to levy such assessment according to the benefits against
the owners and upon the taxable lots and premises embraced within the special assessment district created by Or-
dinance #399 of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. In no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or premises exceed 50%
of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County
taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the General
Fund.

Section 3. The Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare an assessment roll
in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot and parcel of
land embraced within the aforementioned special assessment district, such relative portion of the whole sum to
be levied in said district, as shall be proportionate to the estimate benefit resulting to such lot or parcel of
land from the improvement.

Section 4. After the special assessment roll, as herein provided for, shall have been prepared and comple-
ted, the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, and thereafter it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered, and the Board of Commis-
sioners shall cause notice thereof to the persons whose names appear upon the Assessment Roll, and to all others
interested therein, to be published for at least two weeks in some newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, of the time when the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to review the as-
sessments, and any person, objecting to the assessments, may file his objections thereto with the City Clerk.

Section 5. At the time appointed for reviewing the assessments, the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Of-
ficio City Assessor shall meet and give all persons interested an opportunity to be heard, and shall consider
any and all objections that may be filed with the City Clerk, and then, or at some adjourned meeting, shall re-
view the assessments and correct the same, and confirm it as corrected, or confirm it as reported, or annul it, j
and direct a new assessment to be made.

Section 6. When the assessments shall be confirmed as herein provided, it shall be final and conclusive.

The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to the County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the Assessment
Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with his certificate of such confirmation, and of the date
thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon , without extra compensation,
record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording,
whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents of such Assessment Roll, and
it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts	and	tribunals of the regularity	of all	proceedings preliminary to

the making thereof, and of the validity of the	assessment and Assessment Roll.	After	the Assessment Roll has

been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts levied thereon shall become at once due and payable, and shall
constitute and be a lien upon the respective lots and parcels of land, and improvements assessed, and shall be
charged against the persons and properties until paid, provided that upon approval of any assessment, the amount
thereof may be divided into not less than four	nor	more than ten installments,	one of	such installments to be

collected each year, at such time as the Board	may	determine, with an annual interest	at a rate not exceeding

7%.

Section 7. All assessments, when due and payable, as in this ordinance provided, shall be paid to the tax
receiver of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and by that officer paid into and credited to the special fund to be
known as and called "Las Vegas Sewer Assessment District No. 200-1 Fund".

Section 8. All costs and expenses incurred in making the improvements shall be charged to and paid out of
said fund, provided, however, that all monies drawn on the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to defray any
of the costs and expenses of making the improvements, or, if it shall become necessary to draw upon the General
Fund to defray any of the costs and expenses of the improvements, except as otherwise provided by the Charter of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds from the "Las Vegas
Sewer Assessment District No. 200-1 Fund" as soon as conditions of the same will permit.

Section 9. This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption, approval and the
publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, published in the City of Las
Vegas.

Section 10. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to cause this ordi-
nance to be published in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for
a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks, immediately after its final passage and approval at this
meeting.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on the
22nd day of March , 1950. and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker and Peccole
for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 7th day of April,
1950, which was the regular meeting held on the 7th day of April , 1950, that at said regular meeting held on
the 7th day of April , 1950, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as
first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners:	Peccole, Whipple and His Honor_________________________________________________

Voting "Nay": None_______________________________________________________________________________________________

Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and Moore_________

APPROVED:

 	S/ E. W. Cragin______________________________________________

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

_______Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Carl Woodbury	being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor	of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 insertions from April 14, 1950 to April 21. 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit: April 14 and April 21, 1950. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circu-
lated on each of the dates above named.

S/	Carl R. Woodbury

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st Day of April, 1950.

 S/	A. E. Cahlan__________________________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

ORDINANCE NO. 411

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 211 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED: "AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT
THE WASTE OF WATER; DEFINING WASTE OF WATER; REGULATING THE USE THEREOF; LIMITING THE TIME DURING WHICH WATER
MAY BE USED FOR SPRINKLING OR IRRIGATION, AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE, AND RE-
PEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH"; ALSO REFERRED TO AS CHAPTER 37, SECTION 7 OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY
CODE, AND TO REPEAL ORDINANCE NO. 302 ENTITLED: "AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE TO REGULATE THE USE OF WATER IN WOOD-
LAND. PARK ADDITION TO THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BETWEEN THE MONTHS OF MAY 15 AND SEPTEMBER 15 INCLUSIVE; AND DEFIN-
ING THE REGULATION OF WATER; REGULATING THE USE THEREOF; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDI-
NANCE; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH", ALSO KNOWN AS CHAPTER 37, SECTIONS 8 and 9 OF THE
LAS VEGAS CITY CODE.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 3 of Ordinance No. 211 of the City of Las Vegas, also referred to as Chapter 37, Sec-
tion 7 of the Las Vegas City Code, is hereby amended to read as follows:

The use of water from any water system belonging to any public utility for the purpose of sprinkling, irri-
gating or watering lawns, trees, hedges, gardens or the grounds during the months of June 1st to September 15
inclusive, is hereby prohibited between the hours of 9:00 A.M. and 6:00 P.M., and between the hours of 12:00
Midnight and 5:00 A.M.

Section 2. Ordinance No. 302, also known as Chapter 37, Sections 8 and 9, of the Las Vegas City Code, is
hereby repealed.

Section 3. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final reading and adoption, and final
publication as in the next section provided.

Section 4. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause this
ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first reading and adop-
tion, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on the
21st day of April , 1950, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Moore and Whipple
for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 25th day of April,
1950. which was the special meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said special meeting held on the
25th day of April , 1950, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first
introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor_______________________

Voting, "Nay": None

Absent:	  None_______________________________________________________________________________________________

APPROVED

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK )	ss.

Carl Woodbury	being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is_______auditor	of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 insertions from April 28, 1950 to May 5, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: April 28 and May 5, 1950. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th day of May, 1950.

S/ A. E. Cahlan____________________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 412

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 21, SECTION 33 OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE PROVIDING FOR "REGULATING AND PROHIBITING
YELLING, SHOUTING, ANNOUNCING, MUSIC AND OTHER NOISES CM THE PUBLIC STREETS AND OTHER PUBLIC PLACES IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS; PROHIBITING DISTURBANCES ON THE STREETS BY SAID NOISES; PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF
THIS ORDINANCE AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO" BY ADDING A NEW SUBSECTION TO BE KNOWN AS 'SUB-SECTION (2)

(d)'.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Chapter 21, Section 33, of the Las Vegas City Code is hereby amended to read as follows:

Subject to the provisions of this section, the creating of any unreasonably loud, disturbing and unnecessary
noise within the limits of the city is prohibited.

Noise of such character, intensity or duration as to be detrimental to the life or health of any individual,
or in disturbance of the public peace and welfare is prohibited.

The following acts, among others, are declared to be loud, disturbing and unnecessary noises and noises in
violation of this section but this enumeration shall not be deemed to be exclusive, namely:

(1) Prohibited noises enumerated.

(a)	The sounding of any horn or signal device on any automobile, motorcycle or bus, while not in motion,
except as a danger signal if another vehicle is approaching apparently out of control, or if in motion only as a
danger signal after or as brakes are being applied and deceleration of the vehicle is intended; the creation by
means of any such signal device of any unreasonably loud or harsh sound; and the sounding of such device for an
unnecessary and unreasonable period of time.

(b)	The playing of any radio, phonograph or any musical instrument in such a manner or with such volume,
particularly during the hours between 11:00 P.M. and 7:00 A.M. as to annoy or disturb the quiet, comfort or re-
pose of persons in any office, hospital or in any dwelling, hotel or other type of residence, or of any persons
in the vicinity.

(c) Yelling, shouting, hooting, whistling or singing on the public streets, particularly between the hours
of 11:00 P.M. and 7:00 A.M. or at any time or place so as to annoy or disturb the quiet, comfort or repose of
any persons in any hospital, dwelling, hotel or any other type of residence or of any persons in the vicinity.

(d)	The keeping of any animal, bird or fowl which by causing frequent or long continued noise shall dis-
turb the comfort or repose of any person in the vicinity.

(e)	The use of any automobile or motorcycle so out of repair, so loaded or in such manner as to cause loud
and unnecessary grating, grinding, rattling or other noise.

(f)	The blowing of any steam whistle attached to any stationary boiler except to give notice of the time
to begin or stop work or as a warning of fire or danger, or upon request of proper city authorities.

(g)	To discharge into the open air the exhaust of any steam engine, stationary internal combustion engine,
motor vehicle or motor boat engine except through a muffler or other device which will effectively prevent loud
or explosive noises therefrom.

(h)	The erection (including excavation), demolition, alteration or repair of any building in any residen-
tial district or section, the excavation of streets and highways in any residential district or section, other
than between the hours of 7:00 A.M. and 6:00 P.M. on week days, except in case of urgent necessity in the in-
terest of public health and safety, and then only with a permit from the building inspector, which permit may be
granted for a period not to exceed thirty days while the emergency continues. If the building inspector should
determine that the public health and safety will not be impaired by the erection, demolition, alteration or repair
of any building or the excavation of streets and highways within the hours of 6:00 P.M. and 7:00 A.M. and if he
shall further determine that loss or inconvenience would result to any party in interest, he may grant permission
for such work to be done within the hours of 6:00 P.M. and 7:00 A.M. upon application being made at the time the
permit for the work is awarded or during the progress of the work.

(i)	The creation of any excessive noise on any street adjacent to any school, institution of learning,
church or court while the same are in session, or adjacent to any hospital, which unreasonably interferes with
the workings or sessions thereof.

(j)	The creation of a loud and excessive noise in connection with loading or unloading any vehicle or the
opening and destruction of bales, boxes, crates and containers.

(k)	The use of any drum, loudspeaker or other instrument or device for the purpose of attracting attention
by creation of noise to any performance, show or sale or display of merchandise.

(1)	The use of mechanical loudspeakers or amplifiers on trucks or other moving or standing vehicles for ad-
vertising or other purposes.
(2) Exceptions.

None of the terms or prohibitions hereof shall apply to or be enforced against:

(a)	Any vehicle of the city while engaged upon necessary public business.

(b)	Excavations or repairs of bridges, streets or highways by or on behalf of the City, Clark County or
the State of Nevada, during the night season, when the public welfare and convenience renders it impossible to
perform such work during the day.

(c)	The reasonable use of amplifiers or loudspeakers in the course of public addresses which are noncommer-
cial in character; provided, that a permit therefor has been first obtained from the Board of Commissioners.

(d) Provided that public dissemination through radio loudspeakers, of items of news and matters of public
concern and athletic activities shall not be deemed a violation of this section if the same be done under permis-
sion obtained from the Board of Commissioners.

Section 2. This Ordinance is declared and passed as an emergency ordinance, and shall take effect immediate-
ly after its passage and publication.

Section 3. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
 this Ordinance No. 412 to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED

S/ E. W. Cragin_____________________________________________________

Mayor

 (SEAL)

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger______________________________

 City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on
 the 25th day of April , 1950, that at said special meeting held on the 25th day of April	1950, the pro-

posed Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the fol-
lowing vote:

 Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor________________________________________

Voting "Nay": None______________________________________________________________________________________________

Absent:  None

APPROVED

S/ E. W. Cragin______________

Mayor

 (SEAL)
 ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger
 City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) ss.

 COUNTY OF CLARK )

	Carl Woodbury	, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the LAS

 VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
 the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
 period of 2 insertions from April 28, 1950, to May 5, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
 following dates, to-wit: April 28 and May 5, 1950. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury

 Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th day of May, 1950.

S/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

ORDINANCE NO. 413

AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY
OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO DEFRAY THE COST OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING COMPLETE STREET LIGHTING FACILITIES WITH STEEL STANDARDS AND SINGLE OVERHEAD WIRE
ON SERIES LIGHTING SYSTEM ALONG CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN SAID CITY, ACCORDING TO THE PLATS,
DIAGRAMS, AND ESTIMATES OF COST THEREOF OH FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRI-
BING DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNT OF SAID ASSESSMENT AND DESCRIBING AND
DESIGNATING THE LOCALITY CONSTITUTING THE DISTRICT TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO THE FRONTAGE, AND OTHER MATTERS
RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the costs of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas
by installing complete street lighting facilities with steel standards and single overhead wire on series light-
ing system in, over, and along South Main Street from the intersection of 5th Street and Main Street to the in-
tersection of Carson Street and Main Street.

The Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized, and directed to make
forthwith a special assessment in the total amount of Twenty Seven Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($27,500.00) and
to levy such assessment according to the frontage against the owners and upon the taxable lots and premises em-
braced within the special assessment district created by Ordinance No. 409 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Section 2. In no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or premises exceed 50%
of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County
taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the General
Fund.

Section 3. The Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare an assessment roll
in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot and parcel of
land embraced within the aforementioned special assessment districts according to the frontage.

Section 4. After the special assessment roll, as herein provided for, shall have been prepared and comple-
ted, the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, and thereafter it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered, and the Board of Commis-
sioners shall cause notice thereof to the persons whose names appear upon the assessment roll, and to all others
interested therein, to be published for at least two weeks in some newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, of the time when the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to review the as-
sessments, and any person, objecting to the assessments, may file his objections thereto with the City Clerk.

Section 5. At the time appointed for reviewing the assessments, the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Offi-
cio City Assessor shall meet and give all persons interested an opportunity to be heard, and shall consider any
and all objections that may be filed with the City Clerk, and then, or at some adjourned meeting, shall review the
assessments and correct the same, and confirm it as corrected, or confirm it as reported, or annul it, and direct
a new assessment to be made.

Section 6. When the assessments shall be confirmed as herein provided, it shall be final and conclusive.

The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to the County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the Assessment
Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with his certificate of such confirmation, and of the date there-
of. The County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record
such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording, whereupon
from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents of such Assessment Roll, and it shall
be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the making
thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and Assessment Roll. After the Assessment has been confirmed and
recorded, the several amounts levied thereon have been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts levied thereon
shall become at once due and payable, and shall constitute and be a lien upon the respective lots and parcels of
land, and improvements assessed, and shall be charged against the persons and properties until paid.

Section 7. All assessments, when due and payable, as in this ordinance provided, shall be paid to the City
Treasurer and Tax Receiver of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and be by that officer paid into and credited to the
special fund to be known as and called "Las Vegas Street Improvement Assessment District #100-7 Fund".

Section 8. All costs and expenses incurred in making the improvements shall be charged to and paid out of
said fund, provided, however, that all monies drawn on the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to defray any of
the costs and expenses of making the improvements, or, if it shall become necessary to draw upon the General Fund
to defray any of the costs and expenses of the improvements, except as otherwise provided by the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds from the "Las Vegas Street
Improvement Assessment District #100-7 Fund" as soon as conditions of the same will permit.

Section 9. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the next section pro-
vided.

Section 10. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is
hereby authorized and directed to cause this Ordinance No. 413 to be published once a week for two consecutive
weeks, immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

APPROVED

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger____________________________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on the
25th day of April , 1950, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker and Peccole
for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 5th day of May
1950, which was the regular meeting held on the 5th day of May	, 1950, that at said regular meeting held on the

5th day of May	1950, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first in-

troduced and adopted by the following vote:

VOTING "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

Voting "Nay": None________________________________________________________________________________________________

Absent:	None_______________________________________________________________________________________________
APPROVED

S/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) ss.
 COUNTY OF CLARK )

_______Carl Woodbury	being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor_______________of the

 LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for
a period of 2 insertions from May 15. 1950 to May 22, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: May 15 and 22. 1950. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each
 of the dates above named.

S/ Carl Woodbury

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22nd day of May, 1950

S/ A. E. Cahlan___________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

ORDINANCE NO. 414

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, TO MAKE
CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND CONSTRUCTING OIL BOUND GRAVEL PAVEMENTS AND
CONCRETE CURBS AND GUTTERS ON CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTION OF STREETS IN SAID CITY; PROVIDING THAT THE COST AND
EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDED WITHIN THE SPECIAL AS-
SESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO THE BENEFITS; AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. The Board of	Commissioners of the City	of Las Vegas	hereby	declares	its	determination	to	make

the following	improvements in	the City of	Las Vegas, in	accordance with	the	plats,	diagrams	and	estimates	of

cost on file in the office of the City Clerk of Las Vegas:

To grade for and construct oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs and gutters whenever necessary
within the special assessment district hereby established, to-wit:

Bounded on the	West by the	East property	line of 5th

Street; on the	East by the	center line of the alley

between 9th and 10th Streets; on the North by the
North property line of Stewart Street and on the South
by the North property line of Charleston Boulevard.

The above described assessment district shall be designated and known as Street Improvement Assessment
District No. 100-1.

Section 2. The cost and expense of making the improvements described in Section 1 of this Ordinance shall
be paid by special assessment to be made, according to the benefits, against the owners and upon the taxable
lots and premises embraced within the special assessment district hereby created, and composed of all the tax-
able lots and premises included within said district that shall receive benefits from said street improvement
assessment district No. 100-1, as shown on Exhibit A, a map thereof, on file in the office of the City Clerk of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Section 3. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall keep the plats, diagrams, and the estimates of
cost on file in her office for public inspection, and the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall give notice
thereof and of the proposed improvements, of the location thereof, and of the district to be assessed, by publi-
cation for two weeks, that is to say, once a week for two successive weeks, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a
daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, by posting notices of the same in at least three public
places in each ward, and also by posting a notice in or near the postoffice of the City of Las Vegas, and by
posting notices in three public places near the site of the proposed improvements. The notices shall also state
the time when the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will meet and consider any suggestions and
objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements.

Section 4. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final passage and publication, as in
 the next section provided.

Section 5. The City Clerk, and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall cause
this ordinance No. 414 to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor
ATTEST

S/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on the
5th day of May , 1950, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker and Moore for

recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 22nd day of May______,

1950, which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on the
22nd day of May , 1950, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Commissioners as first intro-
duced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

Voting "Nay": None	________

Absent:	None

APPROVED

S/ E. W. Cragin______________________________________

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger________________________

City Clerk

NOTICE

STREET IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-1

Notice is hereby given that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, hereby declares its deter-
mination to grade for and construct oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs and gutters whenever necessary
within the Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-1, to-wit: Bounded on the West by the East property
line of 5th Street; on the East by the center line of the alley between 9th and 10th Streets; on the North by
the North property line of Stewart Street, and on the South by the North property line of Charleston Boulevard.

The cost and expenses of making the improvements of said district described in the foregoing paragraph shall
be paid by special assessment to be made according to the benefits against the owners and upon the taxable lots
and premises embraced within the special assessment district as created by Ordinance No. 414. Diagrams and es-
timates of cost are on file in the office of the City Clerk.

The Board has set Monday the 12th day of June , 1950, at the hour of 3:30 P.M., as the time for the hear
ing of suggestions and/or objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, said
hearing to be held in the Council Chambers in the City Hall at the comer of Stewart and Fifth Streets, in the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

DATED this 24th day of May , 1950,

S/ Shirley Ballinger
SHIRLEY BALLINGER

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada

Published:	May 26 & June 2, 1950.________

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss.

________Carl Woodbury________, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 insertions from May 26. 1950 to June 2. 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: May 26 & June 2. 1950. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of June, 1950.

S/ Neola Gierhart_________________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires April 14, 1954.

ORDINANCE NO. 415

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE PLANTING, CARE AND PRESERVATION OF TREES IN THE PARKWAYS AND STREETS OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS; REGULATING PLACES WHERE AND UNDER WHAT CONDITIONS SAID TREES MAY BE PLANTED; PROVIDING FOR PERMITS;
PROVIDING THE KIND OF TREES TO BE PLANTED; PROVIDING DUTIES OF THE SUPERINTENDENT OF PARKS; PROVIDING PENALTIES
FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE AND REPEALING SECTION 10 OF CHAPTER 32 OF THE CODE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:
Section 1. No person shall hereafter plant any tree within the limits of any parkway or street of the City
of Las Vegas without having first obtained a permit from the Superintendent of Parks.

Section 2. Anyone wishing to plant such tree or trees shall apply to the Superintendent of Parks for a per-
mit, stating the variety and precise location proposed for each tree. After the receipt of such an application,
the Superintendent shall investigate the locality where the tree or trees are to be placed and shall grant a per-
mit only if, in his judgment, the location is such as to permit the normal growth and development of each tree.
The permit shall specify the location, variety and grade of each tree and method of planting, including, among
other things, the supplying of suitable soil. The permit shall be good only for the season stated on same in the
year issued, and no charge shall be made for same. No trees shall be planted except in accordance with its terms.
The specifications of the permit shall be such as will secure the suitable location, planting and growth of each
tree.

Section 3. The following trees can be used for street tree planting:

Fraxinus (Ash)

Plantanus (Sycamore)

Washingtonia (Palms)

Prunus Pissardii (Flowering Plum)

Ginkgo Biloba (Maiden Hair Tree)

Morinda ( Fruitless Mulberry)

Liquidamber (Sweet Gum)

Ceratonia Siliqua (Carob)

Oleander - Tree Form.

Ulmus-Var (Elm)

Section 4. No permit for planting of such trees shall be given where the clear space between the curb and
 sidewalk is less than three (3) feet. Neither shall a permit be given where the soil is too poor to insure the
 growth of the trees unless the applicant or the owner agrees to excavate a suitable hole of not less than 54
 cubic feet and to replace the material removed with suitable good loam.

Section 5. No such tree shall be planted measuring less than two (2) inches in diameter of trunk one foot
above ground. The trunk of each tree shall be without branches eight (8) feet from the ground and the lowest
branch shall not be over nine and one-half feet (9½) from the ground.

Section 6. No person, whether licensed or otherwise, shall move any building along any street in such a
way as to interfere with or injure any tree or shrub in any street or public ground, including parks and park-
ways, in the City of Las Vegas, without a special permit obtained	from the Superintendent	of Parks. The appli-

cation shall specify the building and the proposed route.

Section 7. All moving of trees and shrubs or trimming the branches thereof made necessary for the moving
 of such building or any other purpose shall be done by the Superintendent of Parks, or under his supervision, at
 the expense of the applicant. Should such moving or replanting cause the death of such trees or shrubs, the ap-
plicant shall replace same at his expense. Before such permit is granted, the applicant shall deposit at least
$10.00 per tree and as much more as the Superintendent may deem necessary to cover the actual expense of removing
 and replanting, if necessary, to be retained until said tree or its successor is permanently established.

Section 8. No building material or any other material of any description shall be piled up against any
street tree unless said tree unless said tree is first sufficiently protected by	a proper	guard to prevent	pos-
sible injury, and all instructions issued for that purpose by the	Superintendent	of Parks	must be promptly	com-

plied with by the owner or constructor.

Section 9. No person shall remove, destroy, cut, deface, trim, or in any way injure or interfere with any
tree or shrub on any of the avenues, streets or public grounds, including parks and parkways of the City of Las
 Vegas, without a permit from the Superintendent of Parks.

Section 10. No person shall hitch or fasten any horse or any other animal to any tree or shrub in any ave-
nue, street or public grounds, including parks and parkways, of the City of Las Vegas, nor shall any person suf-
fer or permit any horse or animal to stand or be near enough to such tree or shrub to bite, rub against, or in
any manner injure or deface the same.

Section 11. The Superintendent of Parks shall have power to destroy trees in streets and parkways if infec-
ted by disease or infested by injurious insects when such destruction is necessary to the protection of other
 trees.

Section 12. No person shall place or let be placed any wire conduit or other thing that bums, cuts or
 chafes any part of any trees, whether trunk, root or branch, in any street or parkway. In case the owner or the
 person shall fail after three days' written notice to take adequate steps to prevent further injury, the Super-
intendent of Parks shall have power to remove the same.

Section 13. No paving of any description shall be laid or maintained by anyone between sidewalk and curb
 which will cut off the air and water from any tree. A space of not less than fifty (50) square feet must be left
open for each tree, which space may be covered with suitable satisfactory iron grate upon a permit of the Super-
intendent to whom the plan for such grate must be first submitted.

Section 14. Any person violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a mis-
demeanor.

Section 15. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the next section
provided.

Section 16. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
 this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and
adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on the
22nd day of March, 1950, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Moore and Whipple for
recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the 22nd day of May
1950, which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on the 22nd
day of May , 1950, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first intro-
duced and adopted by the following vote:
Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor_________________________________________

Voting "Nay": None_________

Absent:	None______________________________________________________________________________________________

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin _____________________________________

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK )

_____Carl Woodbury,  being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the Las

V egas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 insertions from May 28, 1950 to June 4, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: May 28 & June 4, 1950. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury___________________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th day of June, 1950.

S/ Neola Gierhart____________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires April 14, 1954.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 416

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVA-
DA, TO MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND CONSTRUCTING OIL BOUND GRAVEL PAVE-
MENTS AND CONCRETE CURBS AND GUTTERS ON CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTION OF STREETS IN SAID CITY; PROVIDING THAT THE
COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDED WITHIN THE SPE-
CIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO THE FRONTAGE; AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby declares its determination to make
the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, in accordance with the plats, diagrams and estimates of
cost on file in the office of the City Clerk of Las Vegas:

To grade for and construct oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs and gutters whenever necessary with-
in the special assessment district hereby established, to-wit:

The area from the alley between 9th Street and 10th Street
to the East property line of 14th Street, from the North
property line of Stewart Avenue to the North property line
of Charleston Boulevard, not including Fremont Street, and
Stewart Avenue from 14th Street to 25th Street.

The above described assessment district shall be designated and known as Street Improvement Assessment Dis-
trict No. 100-2.

Section 2. The cost and expense of making the improvements described in Section 1 of this Ordinance shall
be paid by special assessment to be made, according to the frontage, against the owners and upon the taxable lots
and premises embraced within the special assessment district hereby created, and composed of all the taxable lots
and premises included within said district and shall receive benefits from said street improvement assessment
district No. 100-2, as shown on Exhibit A, a map thereof, on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Section 3. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall keep the plats, diagrams, and the estimates of cost
on file in her office for public inspection, and the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall give notice there-
of and of the proposed improvements, of the location thereof, and of the district to be assessed, by publication
for two weeks, that is to say, once a week for two successive weeks, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, by posting notices of the same in at least three public places in
each ward, and also by posting a notice in or near the postoffice of the City of Las Vegas, and by posting no-
tices in three public places near the site of the proposed improvements. The notices shall also state the time
when the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will meet and consider any suggestions and objections
that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements.

Section 4. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final passage and publication, as in
the next section provided.

Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall cause
this Ordinance No. 416 to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final read-
ing and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.
APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin_________________________________________________

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger_________

City Clerk

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

Mayor________________________Cragin___________________________"Aye "

Commissioner_________________Bunker___________________________"Aye "

Commissioner_________________Moore	"Aye "

Commissioner_________________Peccole__________________________"Aye "

Commissioner_________________Whipple_________________________  "Aye"

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

None

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger___________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) ss.
COUNTY OF CLARK )

_____Carl Woodbury___________, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor	of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 insertions from May 28, 1950 to June 4, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: May 28 & June 4, 1950. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named.

S/	Carl R. Woodbury

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th day of June, 1950.

S/_____Neola Gierhart___________________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires April 14, 1954.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 417

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,
TO MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND CONSTRUCTING OIL BOUND GRAVEL PAVEMENTS
AND CONCRETE CURBS AND GUTTERS ON CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTION OF STREETS IN SAID CITY; PROVIDING THAT THE COST
AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDED WITHIN THE SPECIAL
ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO THE FRONTAGE: AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby declares its determination to make
the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, in accordance with the plats, diagrams and estimates of cost
on file in the office of the City Clerk of Las Vegas:

To grade for and construct oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs and gutters whenever necessary with-
in the special assessment district hereby established, to-wit:

South 7th Street from the existing paving near Park Paseo to
Franklin Street, South 8th Street from existing paving near
Park Paseo to Franklin Street, Franklin Street from existing
paving at alley line between South 9th Street and South 10th
Street to intersection of South 7th Street, South 9th Street
approximately 78 feet north of Franklin Street.

The above described assessment district shall be designated and known as Street Improvement Assessment Dis-
trict No. 100-4.

Section 2. The cost and expense of making the improvements described in Section 1 of this Ordinance shall
be paid by special assessment to be made, according to the frontage, against the owners and upon the taxable lots
and premises embraced within the special assessment district hereby created, and composed of all the taxable lots
and premises included within said district that shall receive benefits from said street improvement assessment
district No. 100-4, as shown on Exhibit A, a map thereof, on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Section 3. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall keep the plats, diagrams, and the estimates of
cost on file in her office for public inspection, and the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall give notice
thereof and of the proposed improvements, of the location thereof, and of the district to be assessed, by publi-
cation for two weeks, that is to say, once a week for two successive weeks, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a
daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, by posting notices of the same in at least three public
places in each ward, and also by posting a notice in or near the postoffice of the City of Las Vegas, and by
posting notices in three public places near the site of the proposed improvements. The notices shall also state
the time when the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will meet and consider any suggestions and ob-
jections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements.

Section 4. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final passage and publication, as in
the next section provided.

Section 5. The City Clerk, and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall cause
this Ordinance No. 417 to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED

S/ E. W. Cragin______________________________________

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

S/__Shirley Ballinger_______________________________

City Clerk

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

Mayor_______________Cragin__________________" Aye "

Commissioner________Bunker__________________"Aye "

Commissioner	Moore___________________" Aye "

Commissioner________Peccole_________________"Aye"

Commissioner________Whipple ________________" Aye "

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

____________________None____________________

APPROVED

S/ E. W. Cragin______________________________________

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger_____________________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

COUNTY OF CLARK,) ss.

STATE OF NEVADA )

__________Carl Woodbury	, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 insertions from May 28, 1950 to June 4. 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: May 28 & June 4, 1950. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury_________________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th day of June, 1950.

S/ Neola Gierhart

 Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires April 14, 1954.
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 418

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA, TO MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND CONSTRUCTING OIL BOUND GRAVEL
PAVEMENTS AND CONCRETE CURBS AND GUTTERS ON CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTION OF STREETS IN SAID CITY: PROVIDING
THAT THE COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDED
WITHIN THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO THE FRONTAGE; AND OTHER MATTERS
RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby declares its determination to
make the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas, in accordance with the plats, diagrams and estimates
of cost on file in the office of the City Clerk of Las Vegas:

To grade for and construct oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs and gutters whenever necessary
within the special assessment district hereby established, to-wit:

The area from the south property line of Graces Street to the north
property line of Charleston Boulevard and from the east property line of
Main Street to the west property line of 5th Street.

The above described assessment district shall be designated and knows as Street Improvement Assessment
District No. 100-6.

Section 2. The cost and expense of making the improvements described in Section 1 of this Ordinance
shall be paid by special assessment to be made, according to the frontage, against the owners and upon the
taxable lots and premises embraced within the special assessment district hereby created, and composed of all
the taxable lots and premises included within said district that shall receive benefits from said street
improvement assessment district No. 100-6, as shown on Exhibit A, a map thereof, on file in the office of the
City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Section 3. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall keep the plats, diagrams, and the estimates
of cost on file in her office for public inspection, and the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall give
notice thereof and of the proposed improvements, of the location thereof, and of the district to be assessed,
by publication for two weeks, that is to say, once a week for two successive weeks, in the Las Vegas Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, by posting notices of the same in at least
three public places in each ward, and also by posting a notice in or near the postoffice of the City of Las
Vegas, and by posting notices in three public places near the site of the proposed improvements. The notices
shall also state the time when the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will meet and consider any
suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements.

Section 4. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final passage and publication, as
in the next section provided.

Section 5. The City Clerk,	and Clerk	of the	Board of	Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall

cause this ordinance No. 418 to be	published	once a	week for	two successive weeks immediately following its

final reading and adoption, in the	Las Vegas	Review	Journal,	a daily newspaper published in the City of Las

Vegas.

APPROVED

s/ E. W. Cragin____________________________

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger____________________________

City Clerk

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance;

Mayor _______________Cragin___________________ "Aye"

Commissioner ________Bunker___________________ "Aye"

Commissioner ________Moore____________________ "Aye"

Commissioner ________Peccole__________________ "Aye"

Commissioner ________Whipple__________________ "Aye"

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

__________________None_______________________

APPROVED

s/ E. W. Cragin______________________________

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger____________________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Carl Woodbury________________, being first duly sworn, desposes and says: That he is auditor of the

LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published in Las Vegas!
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for
a period of 2 insertions from May 28, 1950 to June 4, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: May 28 & June 4, 1950. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each
of the dates above named.

s/ Carl R. Woodbury_______________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th day of June, 1950.

s/ Neola Gierhart_________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada

My Commission Expires April 14, 1954.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 419

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE RELATING TO THE AUTHORIZATION AND ISSUANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS MEADOWS ADDITION
SANITARY SEWER BONDS IN THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL MOUNT OF $71,661.51 TO COVER CERTAIN UNPAID ASSESSMENTS
HERETOFORE LEVIED AND CONFIRMED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, FOR THE PURPOSE OF
PAYING FOR THE WORK OF MAKING IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING A SANITARY SEWER IN CERTAIN
STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN SAID CITY AND MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED IN THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
AS CREATED BY ORDINANCE NO. 392, AND TO ISSUE AND SELL THE BONDS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS THEREFOR, SAID BONDS
TO BE KNOWN AS LAS VEGAS MEADOWS ADDITION SANITARY SEWER BONDS AND PROVIDING FOR THE COLLECTION OF THE SAID
UNPAID ASSESSMENT BY DIVIDING THE SAME INTO TEN (10) ANNUAL INSTALLMENTS AND PLACING SAID INSTALLMENTS ON THE
TAX ROLL OF CLARK COUNTY AND COLLECTING THE SAME IN THE SAME MANNER AS STATE AND COUNTY TAXES ARE COLLECTED
BY LAW, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That for the purpose of paying for the installation of a sanitary sewer system in and along
all the streets embraced within the sanitary sewer assessment district #200-3, the particular lots and parcels
of land and the persons to whom assessed being particularly described and set forth in the Assessment Roll on
file in the City Clerk's office, for which special assessments have heretofore been levied and confirmed by the
Board of Commissioners, and not paid in full by said owners of property on said streets heretofore named and in
compliance with and by virtue and authority of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, approved March 16, 1911) j
entitled "An Act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas in Clark County, and defining the boundaries thereof, and
to authorize the establishing of a City Government therefor, and other matters relating thereto, as amended."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized, empowered and directed to issue
in the name of the City of Las Vegas, seventy-one (71) bonds of the denomination of One Thousand Dollars
($1,000.00) and one (1) bond of the denomination of Six Hundred Sixty-One Dollars and Fifty-One Cents ($661.51),
each bearing interest at the rate of not to exceed seven per cent (7%) per annum, both principal and interest
being payable at the office of the City Treasurer in coin or currency of the United States of America which,
on the respective dates of payment, is legal tender, all dated as of July 1, 1950, numbered consecutively from
one upwards and to the extent such bonds are issued, maturing serially as follows:

Bond Numbers	Maturity Date	Total

1	July	1,	1951	$	661.51

2 &	3	July	1,	1951	$	2,000.00

4 -	9	Inclusive	July	1,	1952	$	6,000.00

10 -	15	"	July	1,	1953	$ 6,000.00

16 -	22	"	July	1,	1954	$ 7,000.00

23 -	29	"	July	1,	1955	$ 7,000.00

30 -	36	"	July	1,	1956	$ 7,000.00

37 -	43	"	July	1,	1957	$ 7,000.00

44-52	"	July	1,	1958	$	9,000.00

53 -	62	"	July	1,	1959	$10,000.00

63 -	72	"	July	1,	1960	$10,000.00

Bonds numbered 30 to 72, both inclusive, maturing on and after July 1, 1956 are subject to redemption
in inverse numerical order at the option of the City of Las Vegas on the first day of July, 1956, or on any
interest payment date thereafter prior to maturity at a price equal to the principal amount thereof with
accrued interest to the redemption date. Notice of redemption shall be given by the City Treasurer of Las
Vegas, Nevada, in the name of the City of Las Vegas by publication of said notice at least once in each
calendar week on any day of the week for at least four successive weeks prior to the redemption date in a
newspaper of general	circulation in the City of Las Vegas	and a copy of	such notice shall be sent by registered	j

mail at least thirty	days prior to the redemption date to	the purchaser	or purchasers of	said bonds. Such

notice shall specify the number or numbers of the bonds to be so redeemed (if less than all are to be redeemed)
and the date fixed for redemption, and shall further state that on such redemption date there will become and be
due and payable upon	each bond so to be redeemed at the office of the City Treasurer the	principal amount

thereof with accrued	interest to the redemption date, and	that from and	after such date,	interest will cease	to	

accrue. Notice having been given in the manner hereinbefore provided, the bond or bonds so called for redemption
shall become due and payable on the redemption date so designated and upon presentation thereof at the office of
the City Treasurer, together with all appurtenant coupons maturing subsequent to the redemption date the City
of Las Vegas will pay the bond or bonds so called for redemption.

Said bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, and by the City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas, and shall be countersigned by the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas under the seal of the City.
Each of said bonds shall have attached thereto appropriate coupons to evidence the installments of interest due
thereon and shall bear the signature or facsimile signature of the City Treasurer. The said bonds shall be
known and called "Las Vegas Meadows Addition Sanitary Sewer Improvement Bonds" and shall be substantially in the!
following form:

"	UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

STATE OF NEVADA

LAS VEGAS MEADOWS ADDITION SaNITARY SEWER IMPROVEMENT BONDS
SERIES OF JULY 1, 1950
No.___________ $1,000.00

"The City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for value received, hereby acknowledges
itself indebted and promises to pay to bearer the sum of

ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,000.00)

on the 1st day of January, 1951, with interest thereon at the rate of _________per centum(%) per annum, payable

semi-annually on the first days of January and July in each year upon presentation and surrender of this bond
and the attached coupons as they severally become due, both principal and interest being payable at the
office of the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada, in any coin or currency of the
United States of America which, on the respective dates of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and
private debts.

*(This bond is subject to redemption at the option of the City of Las Vegas on the first day of July,
1956, or on any interest payment date thereafter at a price equal to the principal amount thereof with accrued
interest to the redemption date. Redemption shall be made upon not less than thirty days' prior notice by
publication in a newspaper of general circulation in the City of Las Vegas in the manner and upon the con-
ditions provided in the ordinance authorizing the issuance of this bond.)

"This bond is one of a series of bonds of like tenor issued by the City of Las Vegas for the purpose
of installing a sanitary sewer for the use of the City of Las Vegas and its inhabitants and for defraying the
cost thereof under the authority of the Charter of said City and of an ordinance duly enacted pursuant thereto
by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. It is hereby certified that all acts and
things required to be done and all conditions and things required to exist precedent to and in the issuance
of this bond to render the same lawful and valid have happened, been done and performed and did exist in
regular and in due form and in every manner as required by law and that the total indebtedness of the City of
Las Vegas including the indebtedness evidenced by this bond does not exceed the statutory or constitutional
limitations under the constitution and laws of the State of Nevada and of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas,
and it is further certified and recited that provision has been made for the levy and collection of an annual
assessment sufficient to pay the interest on this bond and to discharge the principal thereof when and as the
same severally becomes due.

"The full faith and credit of the City of Las Vegas are hereby pledged for the punctual payment of
the principal of and the interest upon this bond.

"IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas has caused this bond to be signed by its Mayor and by its
City Clerk and countersigned by the City Treasurer under the seal of the City of Las Vegas, all this first
day of July, A.D. 1950.

Mayor

Countersigned:

City Treasurer

ATTEST

City Clerk

*(To be inserted in bonds numbered 30 to 72, both inclusive, maturing after July 1, 1956).

( Form of Coupon )

No.___________ $_______________________________________________________________________________________________

January

"On the first day of July , A.D. 19______, *(unless the bond to which this coupon is attached has

been called for prior redemption), the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay
the bearer

_____________________________________Dollars

at the office of the City Treasurer in Las Vegas, Nevada, in lawful money of the United States of America,

being six months' interest on its Las Vegas Meadows Addition Sanitary Sewer Improvement Bonds, Series of
July 1, 1950.

Bond No.	___(Facsimile Signature)________________

City Treasurer

"

*(To be inserted in coupons maturing after July 1, 1956 attached to bonds numbered 30 to 72, both
inclusive).

Section 2. The amount remaining unpaid of the said special assessments for which these bonds are
to be issued, as shown by the Assessment Roll on file in the office of the City Clerk and the Ex-Officio City
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas appears to be Seventy-One Thousand Six Hundred Sixty-One Dollars and Fifty-
One Cents ($71,661.51) and the said bonds and the said annual installments due and to become due thereon for
ten (10) annual periods commencing July 1, 1950, are, and shall be a lien upon the lots and parcels of said
land, particularly described for the amounts of the assessments due thereon, together with interest at the
rate of not to exceed seven percent (7%) per annum from the first day of July, 1950; until said bonds are paid,

 the exact amount of interest on said bonds to be fixed and determined at the rate offered by the successful
 bidder on the said bonds, as provided by law, and the interest on said installments of the said unpaid assess-
ments to be fixed by appropriate action of the said Board of City Commissioners at the same rate as the interest
payable on said bonds.

Section 3. That the unpaid assessments shall be paid as follows; One-tenth on or before one year from
the 1st day of July, 19%, and one-tenth on or before the first day of July of each year thereafter, until the
same is paid in full, with interest thereon, not to exceed seven per cent (7%) per annum, each of said installments
 shall bear interest not to exceed seven per cent (7%) per annum, payable semi-annually, in the manner hereinafter
directed, on the whole amount due and unpaid. Such installments and the interest thereon shall be and remain a
lien on the said lots and parcels of land until paid in full, and shall be collected and paid in the following
manner:

Each installment, together with the interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of
Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-
Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the said tax
roll of Clark County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on the said tax roll
of Clark County, and the County Treasurer, Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized
and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County taxes are
collected.

Section 4.	Said installments of special taxes	and	the interest	thereon,	when	collected, shall consti-

tute	and	be a sinking	fund for the payment of said bonds	and	the interest	thereon,	and said fund shall be known

as Las Vegas Meadows Addition Sanitary Sewer Assessment District #200-3 Improvement Bond Interest and Redemption
Fund.

Section	The issuance of the bonds herein provided for shall	be conclusive	evidence of the regular-
ity of	all proceedings up to the issuance of such bonds,	and	in the event	that the	bond	created by such special

assessments shall be insufficient to pay the said bonds as they become due, the deficiency, if any, shall be
paid by the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, out of the General Fund of said City and each of the bonds
issued under this Ordinance shall contain a provision to that effect, and said bonds shall be exempt from City
taxation.

Section 6. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the next sec-
tion provided.

Section 7. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and
adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on
the 24th day of May, 1950; that at said special meeting held on the 24th day of May, 1950, the proposed ordinance;
was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	None

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

s/ Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Carl Woodbury	, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the

LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said
newspaper for a period of 2 insertions from May 26, 1950 to June 2. 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said
newspaper for the following dates, to wit: May 26 & June 2, 1950. That said newspaper was regularly issued
and circulated on each of the dates above named.

s/______Carl Woodbury

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of June, 1950.

s/______Neola Gierhart__________

Notary Public in and for
Clark County, Nevada

Commission Expires April 14, 1954.

ORDINANCE NO. 420

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE PROTECTION OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH AND SAFETY AND THE EXAMINATION, REGISTRATION
AND LICENSING OF PERSONS ENGAGED IN THE BUSINESS OF PLUMBING OR LABORING AT THE TRADE OF PLUMBING: REQUIRING
A PERMIT FOR THE INSTALLATION OR ALTERATION OF PLUMBING, GAS AND DRAINAGE SYSTEMS: CREATING THE OFFICE OF
PLUMBING INSPECTOR AND A BOARD OF PLUMBING EXAMINERS AND PRESCRIBING THEIR DUTIES: DEFINING CERTAIN TERMS:
ESTABLISHING MINIMUM REGULATIONS FOR THE INSTALLATION, ALTERATION OR REPAIR OF PLUMBING, GAS AND DRAINAGE
SYSTEMS AND THE INSPECTION THEREOF; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR ITS VIOLATION AND REPEALING ORDINANCES 292 , 307
and 317 AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain	as	follows;

Section 1. That a certain document three copies of which are	on	file in	the	office	of	the	City	Clerk

in the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated as "Uniform Plumbing Code-1950 Edition" be and the same
is hereby referred to as the Plumbing Code of the City of Las Vegas and by said reference and adoption made
a part of this ordinance the same as if it were fully set forth herein.

Section 2. Certain sections of the Uniform Plumbing Code, 1950 Edition,	as	adopted	by	this	ordinance

are hereby amended, repealed or added to as follows, namely, to-wit:

CHAPTER 2. Section 205 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Except as provided for in Section 208, the Board of Plumber Examiners shall

charge each applicant for examination, the sum of Fifty Dollars ($50.00) for Master

Plumber examination, the sum of Five Dollars ($5.00) for Journeyman examination, and
the sum of One Dollar ($1.00) for Apprentice Plumber examination. These fees shall
be paid to the secretary at the time of application.

CHAPTER 3. Section 305 , Schedule of Fees, is hereby amended to read as follows:

For each Plumbing Fixture and

waste discharging device-———— 	.50

For each House Sewer--------- 15.00

For each Cesspool——————— 3.00

For each Septic Tank——————— 3.00

For each Water Heater———— .50

For each Water Distribution System— 5.00+½¢ per foot.

For Plumbing Piping without fixtures- 2.50
For each Gas Piping System of 1 to

10 outlets—————————— 1.00

For each Gas Piping System of 10

outlets or more, per outlet—— .10
For each Swimming Pool

Public---------------------20.00

Private—————————— 10.00

For each piece of water treating or

water using equipment—————— .50

For Vacuum breakers of back-flow

protective devices installed sub-
sequent to the installation of
the piping or equipment served—

One to five———————— 1.00

Over five, each————————	.10

Minimum fee for any permit for work

requiring inspection—————— 2.50

CHAPTER 6. Section 609 is hereby amended to read as follows:

The drainage and plumbing system of each new building and of new work in-
stalled in an existing building shall be separate and independent of that of any other
building, and every building shall have an independent connection with a public or
private sewer when available.

Exception: Where one building stands in the rear of another building on an
interior lot and one private seweris available or can be constructed to the rear build-
ing through adjoining alley, courtyard or driveway, the highest drain from the front
building may be extended to the rear building and the whole may be construed as being
one house drain or house sewer.

CHAPTER 7. Section 703 is hereby amended to read as follows:

The minimum sizes of vertical and/or horizontal drainage and/or vent piping
shall be determined from the distribution and total of all fixture units connected there-
to, and additional, in the case of vertical soil, waste, and/or vent pipes, in accord-
ance with their length.

Table 3-VII shows the maximum number of fixture units allowed on any vertical
or horizontal soil or waste pipe, House Drain, and/or House Sewer of a given size; the
maximum number of fixture units allowed on any branch interval of a given size; the
maximum length (in feet) of any vertical soil, waste and/or vent pipe of a given size;
the maximum number of fixture units allowed on any one vent or vent stack of a given
size.

Every building in which soil or waste piping is installed and every connec-
tion to a sewage disposal system shall have at least one stack of a size equal to the
main house drain extending continuous from such house drain through the roof as a main
vent.

Exception: When the house drain exceeds 4" in size, such main vent shall
be equal to the largest stack in the building, but in no case less than 4".

CHAPTER 11. Section 1102, is hereby amended to read as follows:

Hot poured compounds: Where hot poured compounds are used the material shall
meet the approval of the local authorities. In general these materials shall be inert
and resistant to both acids and alkalies or other agencies of attack. They shall not
be water-absorbent and when poured against a clay surface shall have a bond of not less
than 100 pounds per square inch. When heated the material shall not segregate and shall
be sufficiently fluid to flow freely around the annular space. Each joint shall be
caulked to a depth not exceeding 25% of the depth of the socket with untreated jute
or other approved material. A satisfactory pouring rope and pouring hole shall be pro-
vided. Joints may be tested after one hour of pouring.

"Nothing contained in the above section shall be deemed to preclude the use
of other types of joints and/or connections of equal or better quality when first ap-
proved by the Department having jurisdiction."

CHAPTER 12. Section 1211, is hereby amended to read as follows:

Every building used for living or sleeping purposes shall be provided with
plumbing fixtures as provided by state or local jurisdiction.

Every factory, work shop, public laundry, cannery, meat packing establishment,
slaughter house, bottling works, dairy milk or cream establishment, public garage, ma-
chine shop, stores, retail or wholesale, or any similar building, works or establishment,
shall be provided with not less than one water closet and one basin or sink for each
fifteen (15) persons of each sex, or fractional part thereof, occupying, employed or
working in any such building or premises or portion thereof.

It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to use or occupy,
or lease or let to be used or occupied, any building or part thereof to be used as a
factory, laundry, lodging house or stores, retail or wholesale, or place in or where
human beings reside or work, unless such building is provided with at least one water
closet and one basin or sink for every fifteen (15) occupants, of each sex, workers,
employees, or residents in such building.
Every such plumbing fixture in any building, or portion thereof, used for
any purpose mentioned in the third paragraph of this Section, shall be located so
as to be convenient and readily accessible and as may be required by the Department
having jurisdiction.

Every place of business handling foods or drinks for human consumption shall
have hot and cold water to every wash basin, sink, alop-sink, dish washer or any fix-
ture used for cleaning purposes.

Every cafe and/or restaurant shall have a three (3) compartment sink.

Every place of business selling food, beer, wine or liquor to be consumed
on the premises, shall provide for public use, a water closet and basin for women
and a water closet, urinal and basin for men.

Section 3. Ordinances 292 , 307, and 317 and all other ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
herewith are hereby repealed, but it is specifically provided that neither this ordinance not any repeal hereby
provided shall in any way effect the prosecution for the violation of ary ordinances heretofore passed, pending
at the time of the adoption of this ordinance.

Section 4.	This ordinance	shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption	as provided	by

Chapter	II, Section 30	of the Charter	of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 5.	The City Clerk	and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las	Vegas shall	cause

this Ordinance No. 420, to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final

reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger_________________________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 7th day of June, 1950, and referred to the following committee com posed of Commissioners Bunker and Peccole
for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 21st day of June,
1950, which was the special meeting held on the 21st day of June, 1950, that at said special meeting held on the
21st day of June, 1950, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first intro-
duced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor
Voting "Nay": Commissioners Bunker

Absent:	None

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin _______________________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

S/ Betty Funston______________________________

Deputy City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Carl Woodbury	, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 insertions from June 25, 1950 to July 2. 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: June 25 & July 2. 1950. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each
of the dates above named.

s/ Carl R. Woodbury____________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of July, 1950.

s/ Neola Gierhart_______________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada.

My Commission expires April 14, 1954.

ORDINANCE NO. 421

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE ERECTION, CONSTRUCTION, ENLARGEMENT, ALTERATION, REPAIR, MOVING, REMOVAL, CONVERSION,
DEMOLITION, OCCUPANCY, EQUIPMENT, USE, HEIGHT, AREA AND MAINTENANCE OF BUILDINGS OR STRUCTURES IN THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS AND COLLECTION OF FEES THEREFOR: DECLARING AND ESTABLISH-
ING FIRE DISTRICTS; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES NUMBERS 130, 166, 188
284, 303, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That a certain document, three (3) copies of which are on file in the office of the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated as "Uniform Building Code, 1949 Edition, Volume Number I,
published January 1, 1949, by Pacific Coast Building Officials Conference," and that a certain document, three (3)
copies of which are on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated
as "Uniform Building Code, 1949 Edition, Volume Number II, published September 1, 1949, by Pacific Coast Building
Officials Conference," be and the same are hereby adopted as the Building Code of the City of Las Vegas for the
regulation of the erection, construction, enlargement, occupancy, equipment, use, height, area and maintenance
of all buildings and/or structures in the City of Las Vegas; Providing penalties for the violation of such
Building Code; declaring and establishing fire districts; and each and all of the regulations, provisions, penal-
ties, conditions and terms of such "Uniform Building Code, 1949 Edition, Volumes I and II, published by Pacific
Coast Building Officials Conference," on file in the office of the City Clerk and hereby referred to, adopted,
amended and made a part hereof as is fully set out in this Ordinance.

Section 2. Certain sections of the Uniform Building Code, 1949 Edition, Volumes I and II, as adopted
by this ordinance are hereby amended, repealed, or added to as follows: namely, to-wit:

CHAPTER 3-PERMITS AND INSPECTIONS

Section 303. (a) Building Permit Fees, is hereby amended to read as follows:

Before a building permit is issued a permit fee therefor shall be paid to the Build-
ing Official as set forth in Table No. 3-A.

Where work for which a permit is required by this Code is started or proceeded with
prior to obtaining said permit, the fees above specified shall be doubled, but the pay-
ment of such double fee shall not relieve any persons from fully complying with the re-
quirements of this Code in the execution of the work nor from any other penalties pre-
scribed herein.

(b) Plan-checking Fees. Before plans and specifications are accepted for checking,
a plan-checking fee in addition to the building permit fee shall be paid to the Building
Official. The Plan-checking fee shall be one half the building permit fee.

EXCEPTIONS: A Plan-checking fee shall not be required for:

1.	Buildings or structures whose total valuation is less than $5,000.00
unless there is a structural problem, which shall then call for the
regular checking fee:

2.	Buildings of stud bearing wall construction with no floor or roof span
in excess of twenty-four feet (24');

3.	Alterations and repairs of a non-structural nature.

CHAPTER 16-RESTRICTIONS IN FIRE ZONES

Restrictions Fire Zone #2.

Section 1603 (a)  GENERAL - is hereby amended to read as follows:

Buildings or structures hereafter erected, constructed, moved within or into Fire Zone
#2, shall be only Type I, II, III, IV construction and shall meet the requirements of this
section.

No building of Type V construction shall be erected, constructed or moved within
Fire Zone #2. or 2.S.

CHAPTER 28 - EXCAVATION. FOUNDATIONS AND RETAINING WALLS.

Section 2805.	(a) Footings and Foundations, is hereby amended to read as follow:

Footings and foundations, except as specifically provided herein shall be constructed
of concrete and shall in all oases extend below the frost line. Footings shall be designed
to minimize differential settlement. Masonry will be permitted in foundation walls, pro-
vided no part of the masonry extends to a depth greater than 4'0" below the finish grade.

(b) Structural Design. Except for special provisions of Section 2807, covering the
design of piles, all portions of footings shall be designed in accordance with the struc-
tural provisions of this Code.

CHAPTER 45 - PERMANENT OCCUPANCY OF PUBLIC PROPERTY

Section 4507. is hereby amended to read as follows:

Doors in Fire Zones Nos. 1, 2 and 3 either fully opened or when opening, shall not
project over the property line.

Section 3. Ordinance #303 and all other ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are
hereby repealed, but it is specifically provided that neither this ordinance nor any repeal hereby provided
shall in any way affect the prosecution for the violation of any ordinance heretofore passed, pending at the
time of the adoption of this ordinance.

Section 4. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption as provided by
Chapter II, Section 30 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this Ordinance No. 421 to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

s/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor
ATTEST:

a/ Shirley Ballinger_______________________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on
the 7th day of June, 1950, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Moore and Whipple
for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 21st day of June,
1950, which was the special meeting held on the 21st day of June, 1950. that at said special meeting held on the
day of June, 1950, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first in-
troduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole. Whipple and His Honor

Voting "Nay": None
Absent:	None

APPROVED:

s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

s/ Betty Funston___________________________

Deputy City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) ss
COUNTY OF CLARK )

Carl Woodbury	being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the LAS

VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of from June 25, 1950 to July 2, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: June 25 & July 2. 1950. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named.

s/ Carl R. Woodbury_______________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of July, 1950.

s/ Neola Gierhart_________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County,

Nevada

My Commission Expires April 14, 1954.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 422

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO DEFRAY THE COST OF MAKING CERTAIN
IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND CONSTRUCTING OIL BOUND GRAVEL PAVEMENTS AND CONCRETE
CURBS AND GUTTERS ON CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTION OF STREETS IN SAID CITY ACCORDING TO THE PLATS, DIAGRAMS AND
ESTIMATES OF COST THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRIBING DEFINITELY
THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNT OF SAID ASSESSMENT, AND DESCRIBING AND DESIGNATING THE
LOCALITY CONSTITUTING THE DISTRICT TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO THE FRONTAGE; AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the cost of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas
by grading for and constructing oil bound gravel pavements and concrete curbs and gutters on all the streets and
portions of streets embraced within Special Assessment District #100-2, and more particularly described as fol-
lows, to-wit:

The area from the alley between 9th Street and 10th Street
to the East property line of 14th Street , from the North
property line of Stewart Avenue to the North property line
of Charleston Boulevard, not including Fremont Street, and
Stewart Avenue from 14th Street to 25th Street.

Said improvements to be made in accordance with the plats, diagrams and estimates of costs heretofore prepared
and adopted by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and on file in the office of the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized
and directed to make forthwith a special assessment in the total amount of Two Hundred Forty-nine Thousand,

Fifteen Dollars and No Cents ($249,015.00), and to levy such assessment according to frontage against the owners
and upon the taxable lots and premises embraced within the special assessment district created by Ordinance
#416 of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. In no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or premises exceed
50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County
taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the General
Fund.

Section 3. The Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare an assessment
roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot or parcel
of land with such relative portion of the whole amount to be levied in said district as the length of front of
such premises abutting upon the improvement bears to the whole frontage of all the lots to be assessed; unless
on account of the shape or size of any lot or lots an assessment for a different number of feet would be more
equitable; and the frontage of all lots to be assessed shall be deemed to be the aggregate number of feet as
determined upon for the assessment by the assessor.

Section 4. After the special assessment roll, as herein provided for, shall cause notice thereof
to the persons whose names appear upon the assessment roll, and to all others interested therein, to be
published for at least two weeks in some newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of the time when
the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessments, and any person,
objecting to the assessments, may file his objections thereto with the City Clerk.

Section 5. At the time appointed for reviewing the assessments, the Board of Commissioners and the
Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet and give all persons interested and opportunity to be heard, and shall con-
sider any and al objections that may be filed with the City Clerk, and then, or at some adjourned meeting,
shall review the assessments and correct the same, and confirm it as corrected, or confirm it as reported, or
annul it, and direct a new assessment to be made.

Section 6. When the assessments shall be confirmed as herein provided, it shall be final and con-
clusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to the County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the
Assessment Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with his certificate of such confirmation, and of
the date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra com-
pensation, record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such
recording, whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents of such Assess-
ment Roll, and it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all proceed-
ings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and Assessment Roll. After the
Assessment Roll has been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts levied thereon shall become at once due
and payable, and shall constitute and be a lien upon the respective lots and parcels of land, and improvements
assessed, and shall be charged against the persons and properties until paid, provided that upon approval of
any assessment, the amount thereof may be divided into not less than four nor more than ten installments, one
of such installments to be collected each year, at such time as the Board may determine, with an annual interest
at a rate not exceeding 7%.

Section 7. All assessments, when due and payable, as in this ordinance provided, shall be paid to
the tax receiver of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and by that officer paid into and credited to the special
fund to be known as and called "Las Vegas Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-2 Fund".

Section 8. All costs and expenses incurred in making the improvements shall be charged to and paid
out of said fund, provided, however, that all monies drawn on the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to de-
fray any of the costs and expenses of making the improvements, or, if it shall become necessary to draw upon the
General Fund to defray any of the costs and expenses of the improvements, except as otherwise provided by the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds from the
"Las Vegas Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-2 Fund", as soon as conditions of the same will
permit.

Section 9. This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption, approval and
the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, published in the City of
Las Vegas.

Section 10. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to cause this
ordinance to be published in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas
for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks, immediately after its final passage and approval at this
meeting.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of June, A.D. 1950.

S/ E. W. Cragin_______________________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

 Shirley Ballinger__________________________

City Clerk

S/ Betty Funston______________________________

Deputy City Clerk

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

Mayor S/	E. W. Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner S/	Bunker	"Aye"

Commissioner S/	Moore_______________________"Aye"

Commissioner S/	Peccole	"Aye"

Commissioner S/	Whipple	"Aye"

Absent:	None	

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

None

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

S/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss

Carl Woodbury_________________ , being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the

LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for
a period of two insertions from June 25, 1950, to July 2, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit: June 25 & July 2, 1950. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named.

S/	Carl R. Woodbury

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of July, 1950

S/	Neola Gierhart

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires April 14, 1954

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 423

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO DEFRAY THE COST OF MAKING CERTAIN IM-
PROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND CONSTRUCTING OIL BOUND GRAVEL PAVEMENTS AND CONCRETE CURBS
AND GUTTERS ON CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTION OF STREETS IN SAID CITY ACCORDING TO THE PLATS, DIAGRAMS AND ESTIMATES
OF COSTS THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE
LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNT OF SAID ASSESSMENT, AND DESCRIBING AND DESIGNATING THE LOCALITY
CONSTITUTING THE DISTRICT TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO THE FRONTAGE; AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada do ordain as follows:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the cost of making certain improvements in the City of Las
Vegas by grading for and constructing oil bound gravel pavements and concrete curbs and gutters on all the streets
and portions of streets embraced within Special Assessment District #100-4, and more particularly described as
follows, to-wit:

South 7th Street from the existing paving near Park Paseo to Franklin Street,

South 8th Street from existing paving near Park Paseo to Franklin Street, Franklin
Street from existing paving at alley line between South 9th Street and South
10th Street to intersection of South 7th Street, South 9th Street approxi-
mately 78 feet north of Franklin Street.

Said improvements to be made in accordance with the plats, diagrams and estimates of cost heretofore prepared
and adopted by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and on file in the office of the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized
and directed to make forthwith a special assessment in the total amount of Fifteen Thousand, Five Hundred Twenty-
six Dollars and Sixty-five Cents ($15,526.65), and to levy such assessment according to frontage against the owners
and upon the taxable lots and premises embraced within the special assessment district created by Ordinance #417
of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. In no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or premises exceed
50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and
County taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the Gen-
eral Fund.

Section 3. The Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare an assess-
ment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot or
parcel of land with such relative portion of the whole amount to be levied in said district as the length of
front of such premises abutting upon the improvement bears to the whole frontage of all the lots to be assessed;
unless on account of the shape or size of any lot or lots an assessment for a different number of feet would be
more equitable; and the frontage of all lots to be assessed shall be deemed to be the aggregate number of feet
as determined upon for the assessment by the assessor.

Section 4. After the special assessment roll, as herein provided for, shall cause notice thereof to
the persons whose names appear upon the assessment roll, and to all others interested therein, to be published
for at least two weeks in some newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of the time when the Board
of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessments, and any person, objecting
to the assessment, may file his objections thereto with the City Clerk.

Section 5. At the time appointed for reviewing the assessments, the Board of Commissioners and the
Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet and give all persons interested an opportunity to be heard, and shall con-
sider any and all objections that may be filed with the City Clerk, and then, or at some adjourned meeting,
shall review the assessments and correct the same, and confirm it as corrected, or confirm it as reported, or
annul it, and direct a new assessment to be made.

Section 6. When the assessments shall be confirmed as herein provided, it shall be final and con-
clusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to the County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the
Assessment Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with his certificate of such confirmation and of the
date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation,
record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording,
whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents of such Assessment Roll, and
it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary
to the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and Assessment Roll. After the Assessment Roll has
been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts levied thereon shall become at once due and payable, and shall
constitute and be a lien upon the respective lots and parcels of land, and improvements assessed, and shall be
charged against the persons and properties until paid, provided that upon approval of any assessment, the amount
thereof may be divided into not less than four nor more than ten installments, one of such installments to be
collected each year, at such time as the Board may determine, with an annual interest at a rate not exceeding
7%.

Section 7. All assessments, when due and payable, as in this ordinance provided, shall be paid to the
tax receiver of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and by that officer paid into and credited to the special fund
to be known as and called "Las Vegas Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-4 Fund".
Section 8. All costs and expenses incurred in making the improvements shall be charged to and paid
out of said fund, provided, however, that all monies drawn on the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to
defray any of the costs and expenses of making the improvements, or, if it shall become necessary to draw upon
the General Fund to defray any of the costs and expenses of the improvements, except as otherwise provided
by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds from
the "Las Vegas Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-4. Fund", as soon as conditions of the same will
permit.

Section 9. This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption, approval
and the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, published in the City
of Las Vegas.

Section 10. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to cause this
ordinance to be published in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas
for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks, immediately after its final passage and approval at this
meeting.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of June, A.D. 1950.

S/ E.W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger____________________

City Clerk

S/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

Mayor	E. W. Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner S/	Bunker	"Aye"

Commissioner S/	Moore	"Aye"

Commissioner S/	Peccole_____________"Aye"

Commissioner S/	Whipple_____________"Aye"

Absent:	None

Those voting	against the	adoption	of the foregoing	ordinance:

None_________________

APPROVED:

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger_____________________

City Clerk

S/ Betty Funston_______________________

Deputy City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) ss
COUNTY OF CLARK )

Carl Woodbury	being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the

LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said news-
paper for a period of insertions from June 25, 1950 to July 2, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said news-
paper for the following dates, to-wit: June 25 & July 2, 1950. That said newspaper was regularly issued and
circulated on each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury_______________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of July, 1950

S/ Neola Gierhart

Notary Public in and for Clark County,

Nevada.

Commission Expires April 14, 1954-

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 424

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO DEFRAY THE COST OF MAKING CERTAIN
IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND CONSTRUCTING OIL BOUND GRAVEL PAVEMENTS AND CONCRETE
CURBS AND GUTTERS ON CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTION OF STREETS IN SAID CITY ACCORDING TO THE PLATS DIAGRAMS AND
ESTIMATES OF COST THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRIBING DEFINITE -
LY THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNT OF SAID ASSESSMENT, AND DESCRIBING AND DESIGNATING THE
LOCALITY CONSTITUTING THE DISTRICT TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO THE FRONTAGE; AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain as follows:
Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the cost of making certain improvements in the City of Las Ve-
gas by grading for and constructing oil bound gravel pavements and concrete curbs and gutters on all the streets
and portions of streets embraced within Special Assessment District #100-6, and more particularly described as
follows, to-wit:

The area from the south property line of Garces Street
to the north property line of Charleston Boulevard and
from the east property line of Main Street to the west
property line of 5th Street.

Said improvements to be made in accordance with the plats, diagrams and estimates of cost heretofore prepared and
adopted by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and on file in the office of the City Clerk of
the City of Las Vegas, the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized and
directed to make forthwith a special assessment in the total amount of Eighty-one Thousand, Nine Hundred Thirty-
nine Dollars and No Cents ($81,939.00), and to levy such assessment according to frontage against the owners and
upon the taxable lots and premises embraced within the special assessment district created by Ordinance #418 of
the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. In no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or premises exceed
50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County
taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the General Fund.

Section 3. The Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare an assessment
roll in the manner provided by the	Charter of the City	of	Las Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each	lot or parcel

of land with such relative portion	of the whole amount	to	be levied in said district as the length	of	front	of such

premises abutting upon the improvement bears to the whole frontage of all the lots to be assessed; unless on ac-
count of the shape or size of any lot or lots an assessment for a different number of feet would be more equitable;
and the frontage of all lots to be assessed shall be deemed to be the aggregate number of feet as determined upon
for the assessment by the assessor.

Section 4. After the special assessment roll, as herein provided for, shall cause notice thereof to
the persons whose names appear upon the assessment roll, and to all others interested therein, to be published
for at least two weeks in some newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of the time when the Board
of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessment, and any person, objection
to the assessments, may file his objections thereto with the City Clerk.

Section 5. At the time appointed for reviewing the assessments, the Board of Commissioners and the
Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet and give all persons interested an opportunity to be heard, and shall consider
any and all objections that may be	filed with the City	Clerk, and then, or at some adjourned meeting,	shall	re-
view the assessments and correct the same, and confirm	it	as corrected, or confirm it as reported,	or	annul	it,

and direct a new assessment to be made.

Section 6. When the assessments shall be confirmed as herein provided, it shall be final and conclu-
sive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to the County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the Assess-
ment Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with his certificate of such confirmation, and of the date
thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation,
record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording,
whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents of such Assessment Roll, and
it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity	of all	proceedings preliminary	to

the making thereof, and of	the validity of the assessment and Assessment Roll.	After	the Assessment Roll has	been

confirmed and recorded, the several amounts levied thereon shall become at once due and payable, and shall consti-
tute and be a lien upon the respective lots and parcels of land, and improvements assessed, and shall be charged
against the persons and properties until paid, provided that upon approval of any assessment, the amount there-
of may be divided into not	less than four nor more than ten installments, one of such	installments to be collected

each year, at such time as	the Board may determine, with an annual interest at	a rate	not exceeding 7%.

Section 7. All assessments, when due and payable, as in this ordinance provided, shall be paid to the
tax receiver of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and by that officer paid into and credited to the special fund to
be known as and called "Las Vegas Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-6 Fund".

Section 8. All costs and expenses incurred in making the improvements shall be charged to and paid out
of said fund, provided, however, that all monies drawn on the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to defray any
of the costs and expenses of making the improvements, or, if it shall become necessary to draw upon the General
Fund to defray any of the costs and expenses of the improvements, except as otherwise provided by the Charter of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds from the "Las Vegas Street
Improvements Assessment District No. 100-6 Fund", as soon as conditions of the same will permit.

Section 9. This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption, approval, and
the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, published in the City of Las
Vegas.

Section 10. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to cause this
ordinance to be published in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas
for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks, immediately after its final passage and approval at this
meeting.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of June, A.D. 1950.

S/_______E. W. Cragin________________________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger_________________________

City Clerk

S/ Betty Funston______________________________

Deputy City Clerk

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

Mayor	S/	E.W. Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner S/_____Bunker	"Aye"

Commissioner S/_____Moore	"Aye "

Commissioner S/	Peccole	"Aye"
Commissioner S/ Whipple	"Aye"

Absent:	None_______

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

None

APPROVED:

S/ E.W. Cragin_____________________________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger	-

City Clerk

S/ Betty Funston_________________________

Deputy City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) ss
 COUNTY OF CLARK )

Carl Woodbury	being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the

LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for
a period of 2 insertions from June 25. 1950 to July 2. 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit: June 25 & July 2, 1950. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated
 on each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury______________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of June, 1950

S/ Neola Gierhart________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada.	 

My Commission Expires April 14, 1954

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 425

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE RELATING TO THE AUTHORIZATION AND ISSUANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS SOUTH MAIN STREET
 LIGHTING BONDS IN THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $12,488.00 TO COVER CERTAIN UNPAID ASSESSMENTS HERETOFORE
LEVIED AND CONFIRMED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, FOR THE PURPOSE OF PAYING FOR THE
WORK OF MAKING IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING COMPLETE STREET LIGHTING FACILITIES ON CER-
STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN SAID CITY AND MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED IN THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
AS CREATED BY ORDINANCE NO. 409, AND TO ISSUE AND SELL THE BONDS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS THEREFOR, SAID BONDS
TO BE KNOWN AS LAS VEGAS SOUTH MAIN STREET LIGHTING BONDS AND PROVIDING FOR THE COLLECTION OF THE SAID UNPAID
 ASSESSMENT BY DIVIDING THE SAME INTO TEN (10) ANNUAL INSTALLMENTS AND PLACING SAID INSTALLMENTS ON THE TAX ROLL
OF CLARK COUNTY AND COLLECTING THE SAME IN THE SAME MANNER AS STATE AND COUNTY TAXES ARE COLLECTED BY LAW, AND
OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That for the purpose of paying for the installation of complete street lighting facilities
on and along all the streets embraced within the Street Improvement Assessment District #100-7, the particular
lots and parcels of land and the persons to whom assessed being particularly described and set forth in the
Assessment Roll on file in the City Clerk's office, for which special assessments have heretofore been levied
and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, and not paid in full by said owners of property on said streets
heretofore named and in compliance with and by virtue and authority of the Legislature of the State of Nevada,
approved March 16, 1911, entitled "An Act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas in Clark County, and defining the
boundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishing of a City Government therefor, and other matters relating
thereto, as amended."

The Board of Commissioners of the	City of Las	Vegas	is hereby authorized, empowered and	directed to

issue in the name of	the City of Las Vegas,	twelve (12)	bonds	of the denomination of One Thousand	Dollars

($1,000.00) and one (1) bond of the denomination of Four Hundred Eighty-Eight Dollars ($488.00), each bearing
 interest at the rate	of not to exceed seven	per cent (7%) per	annum, both principal and interest being payable

at the office of the	City Treasurer in coin	or currency	of the United States of America which, on	the respective

dates of payment, is legal tender, all dated as of August 1, 1950, numbered consecutively from one upwards and
 to the extent such bonds are issued, maturing serially as follows:

Bond Numbers	Maturity Date	Total

1	August	1,	1951	$ 488.00

2	August	1,	1952	$1,000.00

3	August	1,	1953	$1,000.00

4	August	1,	1954	$1,000.00

5	August	1,	1955	$1,000.00

6	August	1,	1956	$1,000.00

7	August	1,	1957	$1,000.00

8	&	9	August	1,	1958	$2,000.00

10 &	11	August	1,	1959	$2,000.00

12 &	13	August	1,	1960	$2,000.00

Bonds numbered 6 to 13, both inclusive, maturing on and after August 1, 1956, are subject to redemption
in inverse numerical order at the option of the City of Las Vegas on the first day of August, 1956, or on any
interest payment date thereafter prior to maturity at a price equal to the principal amount thereof with accrued
interest to the redemption date. Notice of redemption shall be given by the City Treasurer of Las Vegas,
in the name of the City of Las Vegas by publication of said notice at least once in each calendar week on any
day of the week for at least four successive weeks prior to the redemption date in a newspaper of general cir-
culation in the City of Las Vegas and a copy of such notice shall be sent by registered mail at least thirty
days prior to the redemption date to the purchasers of said bonds. Such notice shall specify the number or
numbers of the bonds to be so redeemed (if less than all are to be redeemed) and the date fixed for redemption,
and shall further state that on such redemption date there will become and be due and payable upon each bond
so to be redeemed at the office of the City Treasurer the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the
redemption date, and that from and after such date, interest will cease to accrue. Notice having been given
in the manner hereinbefore provided, the bond or bonds so called for redemption shall become due and payable
on the redemption date so designated and upon presentation thereof at the office of the City Treasurer, together
with all appurtenant coupons maturing subsequent to the redemption date the City of Las Vegas will pay the bond
or bonds so called for redemption.

Said bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas and by the City Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas, and shall be countersigned by the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas under the seal of the
City. Each of said bonds shall have attached thereto appropriate coupons to evidence the installments of inter-
est due thereon and shall bear the signature or facsimile signature of the City Treasurer. The said bonds shall
be known and called "Las Vegas South Main Street Lighting Bonds" and shall be substantially in the following
form:

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA

LAS VEGAS SOUTH MAIN STREET LIGHTING BONDS
SERIES OF AUGUST 1, 1950

No._________ $1,000.00

The City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for value received, hereby acknowledges
itself indebted and promises to pay to bearer the sum of

ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,000.00)

on the 1st day of August, 1951, with interest thereon at the rate of	per centum (	%) per annum, payable

semi-annually on the first days of February and August in each year upon presentation and surrender of this
bond and the attached coupons as they severally become due, both principal and interest being payable at the
office of the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada, in any coin or currency of the
United States of America which, on the respective dates of payment is legal tender for the payment of public
and private debts.

*(This bond is subject to redemption at the option of the City of Las Vegas on the first day of August,
1956 , or on any interest payment date thereafter at a price equal to the principal amount thereof with accrued
interest to the redemption date. Redemption shall be made upon not less than thirty days' prior notice by
publication in a newspaper of general circulation in the City of Las Vegas in the manner and upon the conditions
provided in the ordinance authorizing the issuance of this bond.)

This bond is one of a series of bonds of like tenor issued by the City of Las Vegas for the purpose
of installing complete street lighting facilities for the use of the City of Las Vegas and its inhabitants and
for defraying the cost thereof under the authority of the Charter of said City and of an ordinance duly enacted
pursuant thereto by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. It is hereby certified that
all acts and things required to be done and all conditions and things required to exist precedent to and in the
issuance of this bond to render the same lawful and valid have happened, been done and performed and did exist
in regular and in due form and in every manner as required by law and that the total indebtedness of the City
of Las Vegas including the indebtedness evidenced by this bond does not exceed the statutory or constitutional
limitations under the constitution and laws of the State of Nevada and of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas,
and it is further certified and recited that provision has been made for the levy and collection of an annual
assessment sufficient to pay the interest on this bond and to discharge the principal thereof when and as the
same severally becomes due.

The full faith and credit of the City of Las Vegas are hereby pledged for the punctual payment of the
principal of and the interest upon this bond.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas has caused this bond to be signed by its Mayor and by its
City Clerk and countersigned by the City Treasurer under the seal of the City of Las Vegas, all this first day
of August, A.D. 1950.

Mayor

Countersigned:

City Treasurer

ATTEST:

City Clerk

*(To be inserted in bonds numbered 6 to 13, both inclusive, maturing after August 1, 1956).

( Form of Coupon )

No._________ $_______________________________________________________________________________________________

February

On the first day of August, A.D. 19  ,*(unless the bond to which this coupon is attached has been
called for prior redemption), the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay the bear-
er

__________________Dollars

at the office of the City Treasurer in Las Vegas, Nevada, in lawful money of the United States of America, being
six months' interest on its Las Vegas South Main Street Lighting Bonds, Series of August 1, 1950.

Bond No.
__________(Facsimile Signature)_____________

City Treasurer

*(To be inserted in coupons maturing after August 1, 1956 attached to bonds numbered 6 to 13, both
inclusive).

Section 2. The amount remaining unpaid of the said special assessments for which these bonds are to
be issued, as shown by the Assessment Roll on file in the office of the City Clerk and the Ex-Officio City
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas appears to be Twelve Thousand Four Hundred Eighty-Eight Dollars ($12,488.00)
and the said bonds and the said annual installments due and to become due thereon for ten (10) annual periods
commencing August 1, 1950, are, and shall be a lien upon the lots and parcels of said land, particularly des-
cribed for the amounts of the assessments due thereon, together with interest at the rate of not to exceed
seven percent (7%) per annum from the first day of August, 1950; until said bonds are paid, the exact amount
of interest on said bonds to be fixed and determined at the rate offered by the successful bidder on the said
bonds, as provided by law, and the interest on said installments of the said unpaid assessments to be fixed by
appropriate action of the said Board of City Commissioners at the same rate as the interest payable on said bonds.

Section 3. That the unpaid assessments shall be paid as follows: One-tenth on or before one year
from the 1st day of August, 1950, and one-tenth on or before the first day of August of each year thereafter,
until the same is paid in full, with interest thereon, not to exceed seven per cent (7%) per annum; each of said
installments shall bear interest not to exceed seven per cent (7%) per annum, payable semi-annually, in the man-
ner hereinafter directed, on the whole amount due and unpaid. Such installments and the interest thereon shall
be and remain a lien on the said lots and parcels of land until paid in full, and shall be collected and paid
in the following manner:

Each installment, together with the interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County
on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-Officio As-
sessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the said tax roll of
Clark County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on the said tax roll of Clark
County, and the County Treasurer, Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and
directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County taxes are
collected.

Section A. Said installments of special taxes and the interest thereon, when collected, shall consti-
tute and be a sinking fund for the payment of said bonds and the interest thereon, and said fund shall be known
as Las Vegas Street Improvement Assessment District #100-7 Bond Interest and Redemption Fund.

Section 5. The issuance of the	bonds herein provided	for shall	be conclusive evidence of the regular-
ity of all proceedings up to the issuance	of such bonds,	and in	the event	that the bond created by such special

i	assessments shall be insufficient to pay the said bonds as they become due, the deficiency, if any, shall be
paid by the City Treasurer of the City of	Las Vegas, out	of the	General Fund of said City and each of the bonds

 issued under this ordinance shall contain	a provision to	that effect, and	said bonds shall be exempt from City

taxation.

Section 6. This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption, approval and
 the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, published in the City of
Las Vegas.

Section 7. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to cause this
ordinance to be published in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas
 for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks, immediately after its final passage and approval at this
meeting.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of June, A.D. 1950

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger_______________________

City Clerk

S/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

Mayor	S/________E. W. Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner S/	Bunker	"Aye"

Commissioner S/	Moore	"Aye"

Commissioner S/	Peccole_______________________"Aye"

Commissioner S/	Whipple	"Aye"

Absent:	None

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

None

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger_________________________

City Clerk

S/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) ss
COUNTY OF CLARK )

______Carl Woodbury	being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the

LAS VEGAS REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for
a period of from June 25, 1950 to July 2, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: June 25 & July 2, 1950, That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of
the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of July, 1950.

S/ Neola Gierhart

Notary Public in and for
Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires April 14, 1954

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 426

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE RELATING TO THE AUTHORIZATION AND ISSUANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS MAYFAIR ADDITION NO.

2	STREET IMPROVEMENT BONDS IN THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $20,999.45 TO COVER CERTAIN UNPAID ASSESSMENTS
HERETOFORE LEVIED AND CONFIRMED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, FOR THE PURPOSE OF
PAYING FOR THE WORK OF MAKING IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND CONSTRUCTING OIL BOUND
GRAVEL PAVEMENT AND CONCRETE CURBS AND GUTTERS, COMPLETE STREET LIGHTING AND SIDEWALKS WHENEVER NECESSARY ON
CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN SAID CITY AND MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED IN THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT
DISTRICT AS CREATED BY ORDINANCE NO. 397, AND TO ISSUE AND SELL THE BONDS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS THEREFOR,

SAID BONDS TO BE KNOWN AS LAS VEGAS MAYFAIR ADDITION NO. 2 STREET IMPROVEMENT BONDS AND PROVIDING FOR THE COLLEC-
TION OF THE SAID UNPAID ASSESSMENT BY DIVIDING THE SAME INTO TEN (10) ANNUAL INSTALLMENTS AND PLACING SAID INSTALL-
MENTS ON THE TAX ROLL OF CLARK COUNTY AND COLLECTING THE SAME IN THE SAME MANNER AS STATE AND COUNTY TAXES ARE
COLLECTED BY LAW, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That for the purpose of paying for the work of making improvements in the City of Las Vegas
by grading for and constructing oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs and gutters, complete street light-
ing and sidewalks whenever necessary on certain streets and portions of streets embraced within the street im-
provement assessment district #100-3, the particular lots and parcels of land and the persons to whom assessed
being particularly described and set forth in the Assessment Roll on file in the City Clerk's office, for which
special assessments have heretofore been levied and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, and not paid in full
by said owners of property on said streets heretofore named and in compliance with and by virtue and authority
of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, approved March 16, 1911, entitled "An Act to incorporate the town of
Las Vegas in Clark County, and defining the boundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishing of a City
Government therefor, and other matters relating thereto, as amended."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized, empowered and directed to
issue in the name of the City of Las Vegas, twenty (20) bonds of the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00)
and one (1) bond of the denomination of Nine Hundred Ninety-nine Dollars and Forty-five Cents ($999.45), each
bearing interest at the rate of not to exceed seven per cent (7%) per annum, both principal and interest being
payable at the office of the City Treasurer in coin or currency of the United States of America which, on the
respective dates of payment, is legal tender, all dated as of August 1, 1950, numbered consecutively from one
upwards and to the extent such bonds are issued, maturing serially as follows:

Bond Numbers	Maturity Date	Total

1	August	1,	1951	999.45

2	August	1,	1952	1,000.00

3	August	1,	1953	1,000.00

4	&	5	August	1,	1954	2,000.00

6 &	7	August	1,	1955	2,000.00

8 &	9	August	1,	1956	2,000.00

10 &	11	August	1,	1957	2,000.00

12-14 Inclusive	August 1, 1958	3,000.00

15-17	"	August 1, 1959	3,000.00

18-21	"	August 1, 1960	4,000.00

Bonds numbered 8 to 21, both inclusive, maturing on and after August 1, 1956 are subject to redemption
in inverse numerical order at the option of the City of Las Vegas on the first day of August, 1956, or on any
interest payment date thereafter prior to maturity at a price equal to the principal amount thereof with accrued
interest to the redemption date. Notice of redemption shall be given by the City Treasurer of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in the name of the City of Las Vegas by publication of said notice at least once in each calendar week on any
day of the week for at least four successive weeks prior to the redemption date in a newspaper of general cir-
culation in the City of Las Vegas and copy of such notice shall be sent by registered mail at least thirty days
prior to the redemption date to the purchaser or purchasers of said bonds. Such notice shall specify the number
or numbers of the bonds to be so redeemed (if less than all are to be redeemed) and the date fixed for redemption,
and shall further state that on such redemption date there will become and be due and payable upon each bond so to
be redeemed at the office of the City Treasurer the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemp-
tion date, and that from and after such date, interest will cease to accrue. Notice having been given in the
manner hereinbefore provided, the bond or bonds so called for redemption shall become due and payable on the re-
demption date so designated and upon presentation thereof at the office of the City Treasurer, together with all
appurtenant coupons maturing subsequent to the redemption date the City of Las Vegas will pay the bond or bonds
so called for redemption.

Said bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, and by the City Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas, and shall be countersigned by the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas under the seal of the
City. Each of said bonds shall have attached thereto appropriate coupons to evidence the installments of inter-
est due thereupon and shall bear the signature or facsimile signature of the City Treasurer. The said bonds
shall be known and called "Las Vegas Mayfair Addition No. 2 Street Improvement Bonds" and shall be substantially
in the following form:

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA
LAS VEGAS MAYFAIR ADDITION NO. 2 STREET IMPROVEMENT BONDS
SERIES OF AUGUST 1, 1950

NO.___________ $1,000.00

The City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for value received, hereby acknowledges
itself indebted and promises to pay to bearer the sum of

ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,000.00)

on the 1st day of February, 1951, with interest thereon at the rate of per centum (	%) per annum, payable

semi-annually on the first days of February and August in each year upon presentation and surrender of this bond
and the attached coupons as they severally become due, both principal and interest being payable at the office
 of the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in any coin or currency of the United States of America
which, on the respective dates of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.

*(This bond is subject to redemption at the option of the City of Las Vegas on the first day of August,
1956, or on any interest payment date thereafter at a price equal to the principal amount thereof with accrued
interest to the redemption date. Redemption shall be made upon not less than thirty days' prior notice by pub-
lication in a newspaper of general circulation in the City of Las Vegas in the manner and upon the conditions
provided in the ordinance authorizing the issuance of this bond.)

This bond is one of a series of bonds of like tenor issued by the City of Las Vegas for the purpose
of paying for the work of making improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading for and constructing oil bound
gravel pavement and concrete curbs and gutters, complete street lighting and sidewalks whenever necessary on cer-
tain streets and portions of streets for the use of the City of Las Vegas and its inhabitants and for defray-
ing the cost thereof under the authority of the Charter of said City and of an ordinance duly enacted pursuant
thereto by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. It is hereby certified that all acts
and things required to be done and all conditions and things required to exist precedent to and in the issuance
of this bond to render the same lawful and valid have happened, been done and performed and did exist in regular
and in due form and in every manner as required by law and that the total indebtedness of the City of Las Vegas
 including the indebtedness evidenced by this bond does not exceed the statutory or constitutional limitations
under the constitution and laws of the State of Nevada and of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and it is
further certified and recited that provision has been made for the levy and collection of an annual assessment
sufficient to pay the interest on this bond and to discharge the principal thereof when and as the same severally
becomes due.

The full faith and credit of the City of Las Vegas are hereby pledged for the punctual payment of the
principal of and the interest upon this bond.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas has caused this bond to be signed by its Mayor and by its
City Clerk and countersigned by the City Treasurer under the seal of the City of Las Vegas, all this first day
of August, A.D. 1950.

Mayor

Countersigned:

City Treasurer

ATTEST:

City Clerk

*(To be inserted in bonds numbered 8 to 21, both inclusive, maturing after August 1, 1956).

( Form of Coupon )

)No.______________ $

February

On the first day of August, A.D. 19  ,*(unless the bond to which this coupon is attached has been
called for prior redemption), the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Lark, State of Nevada, will pay the bearer

Dollars

at the office of the City Treasurer in Las Vegas, Nevada, in lawful money of the United States of America, being
six months' interest on its Las Vegas Mayfair Addition No. 2 Street Improvement Bonds, Series of August 1, 1950.

Bond No.__________

(Facsimile Signature)__________

City Treasurer

*(To be inserted in coupons maturing after August 1, 1956 attached to bonds numbered 8 to 21, both
inclusive).

Section 2. The amount remaining unpaid of the said special assessments for which these bonds are to
be issued, as shown by the Assessment Roll on file in the office of the City Clerk and the Ex-Officio City Ass-
essor of the City of Las Vegas appears to be Twenty Thousand Nine Hundred Ninety-Nine Dollars and Forty-Five
Cents ($20,999.45) and the said bonds and the said annual installments due and to become due thereon for ten
(10) annual periods commencing August 1, 1950, are, and shall be a lien upon the lots and parcels of said land,
particularly described for the amounts of the assessments due thereon, together with interest at the rate of not
to exceed seven percent (7%) per annum from the first day of August, 1950; until said bonds are paid, the exact
amount of interest on said bonds to be fixed and determined at the rate offered by the successful bidder on the
said bonds, as provided by law, and the interest on said installments of the said unpaid assessments to be fixed
by appropriate action of the said Board of City Commissioners at the same rate as the interest payable on said
bonds.

Section 3. That the unpaid assessments shall be paid as follows: One-tenth on or before one year
from the 1st day of August, 1950, and one-tenth on or before the first day of August of each year thereafter,
until the same is paid in full, with interest thereon, not to exceed seven per cent (7%) per annum; each of said
installments shall bear interest not to exceed seven per cent (7%) per annum, payable semi-annually, in the
manner hereinafter directed, on the whole amount due and unpaid. Such installments and the interest thereon
shall be and remain a lien on the said lots and parcels of land until paid in full, and shall be collected and
paid in the following manner:

Each installment, together with the interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County
on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-Officio Assess
of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the said tax roll of Clark Count;
and to extend the same in a special column for special	assessments	on the said tax roll of Clark County, and the

County Treasurer, Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City	of Las Vegas, is	hereby authorized and	directed to collect

the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County taxes are collected.

Section 4. Said installments of special taxes and the interest thereon, when collected, shall consti-
tute and be a sinking fund for the payment of said bonds and the interest thereon, and said fund shall be known
as Las Vegas Mayfair Addition No. 2 Street Improvement Assessment District #100-3 Bond Interest and Redemption
Fund.

Section 5. The issuance of the bonds herein provided for shall be conclusive evidence of the regulari-
ty of all proceedings up to the issuance of such bonds, and in the event that the bond created by such special
assessments shall be insufficient to pay the said bonds as they become due, the deficiency, if any, shall be paid
by the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, out of	the General	Fund	of said City and each	of the bonds issued

under this Ordinance shall contain a provision to that	effect, and	said	bonds shall be exempt	from City taxation.

Section 6. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect immediately after its adoption, approval
and the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, published in the City of
Las Vegas.

Section 7. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and
adoption at this meeting, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of June, A.D. 1950.

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger__________________________

City Clerk

S/ Betty Funston_____________________________

Deputy City Clerk

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

Mayor________S/____E. W. Cragin	"Aye

Commissioner S/____Bunker________________"Aye"

Commissioner S/____Moore_________________"Aye"

Commissioner S/____Peccole_______________"Aye"

Commissioner S/____Whipple_______________"Aye"

Absent:	None

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

None

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

S/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) ss
COUNTY OF CLARK )

________Carl Woodbury____________________, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the

LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for
a period of from June 25. 1950 to July 2, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: June 25 & July 2, 1950	. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of

the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of July, 1950.

S/ Neola Gierhart

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires April 14, 1954

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 427

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE RELATING TO THE AUTHORIZATION AND ISSUANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BOULDER DAM HOME-
SITES ADDITION SANITARY SEWER BONDS IN THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $29,398.24 TO COVER CERTAIN UNPAID AS-
Las Vegas including the indebtedness evidenced by this bond does not exceed the statutory or constitutional
limitations under the constitution and laws of the State of Nevada and of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas,
and it is further certified and recited that provision has been made for the levy and collection of an annual
assessment sufficient to pay the interest on this bond and to discharge the principal thereof when and as the
same severally becomes due.

The full faith and credit of the City of Las Vegas are hereby pledged for the punctual payment of
the principal of and the interest upon this bond.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas has caused this bond to be signed by its Mayor and by its
City Clerk and countersigned by the City Treasurer under the seal of the City of Las Vegas, all this first day
of August, A.D. 1950.

Mayor

Countersigned:

City Treasurer

ATTEST:

City Clerk

* (To be inserted in bonds numbered 11 to 30, both inclusive, maturing after August 1, 1956).

(Form of Coupon)

No._______________ $________________________________________________________________________________________

February

On the first day of August, A.D. 19  , *(unless the bond to which this coupon is attached has been

called for prior redemption), the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay the
bearer

Dollars

at the office of the City Treasurer in Las Vegas, Nevada, in lawful money of the United States of America,
being six months' interest on its Las Vegas Boulder Dam Homesites Addition Sanitary Sewer Improvement Bonds,
Series of August 1, 1950.

Bond No.

(Facsimile Signature)____________

City Treasurer

*(To be inserted in coupons maturing after August 1, 1956 attached to bonds numbered 11 to 30, both
inclusive).

Section 2. The amount remaining unpaid of the said special assessments for which these bonds are
to be issued, as shown by the Assessment Roll on file in the office of the City Clerk and the Ex-Officio City
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas appears to be Twenty Nine Thousand Three Hundred Ninety-Eight Dollars and
Twenty-Four Cents ($29,398.24) and the said bonds and the said annual installments due and to become due thereon
for ten (10) annual periods commencing August 1, 1950, are, and shall be a lien upon the lots and parcels of
said land, particularly described for the amounts of the assessments due thereon, together with interest at
the rate of not to exceed seven percent (7%) per annum from the first day of August, 1950; until said bonds
are paid, the exact amount of interest on said bonds to be fixed and determined at the rate offered by the
successful bidder on the said bonds, as provided by law, and the interest on said installments of the said
unpaid assessments to be fixed by appropriate action of the said Board of City Commissioners at the same rate
as the interest payable on said bonds.

Section 3. That the unpaid assessments shall be paid as follows: One-tenth on or before one year
from the 1st day of August, 1950, and one-tenth on or before the first day of August of each year thereafter,
until the same is paid in full, with interest thereon, not to exceed seven per cent (7%) per annum; each of
said installments shall bear interest not to exceed seven per cent (7%) per annum, payable semi-annually, in
the manner hereinafter directed, on the whole amount due and unpaid. Such installments and the interest there-
on shall be and remain a lien on the said lots and parcels of land until paid in full, and shall be collected
and paid in the following manner:

Each installment, together with the interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County
on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-Officio
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the said tax roll
of Clark County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on the said tax roll of
Clark County, and the County Treasurer, Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized
and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County taxes
are collected.

Section 4. Said installments of special taxes and the interest thereon, when collected, shall con-
stitute and be a sinking fund for the payment of said bonds and the interest thereon, and said fund shall be
known as Las Vegas Boulder Dam Homesites Addition Sanitary Sewer Assessment District #200-1 Improvement Bond
Interest and Redemption Fund.

Section 5. The issuance of the bonds herein provided for shall be a conclusive evidence of the
regularity of all proceedings up to the issuance of such bonds, and in the event that the bond created by such
special assessments shall be insufficient to pay the said bonds as they become due, the deficiency, if any,
shall be paid by the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, out of the General Fund of said City and each
of the bonds issued under this Ordinance shall contain a provision to that effect, and said bonds shall be
exempt from City taxation.

Section 6. This Ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption, approval
and the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, published in the City
of Las Vegas.

Section 7. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to cause this
ordinance to be published in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas
for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks, immediately after its final passage and approval
at this meeting.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of June, A.D. 1950.

Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger______________________

City Clerk

S/ Betty Funston__________________________

Deputy City Clerk

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

Mayor	S/	E.W. Cragin_______________"Aye"

Commissioner	S/	Bunker	"Aye"

Commissioner	S/	Moore_____________________"Aye"

Commissioner	S/	Peccole___________________"Aye"

Commissioner	S/	Whipple___________________"Aye"

Absent:	None

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

None

Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

S/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) ss
COUNTY OF CLARK )

_______Carl Woodbury______________________ , being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the

LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said
newspaper for a period of 2 insertions from June 25. 1950 to July 2. 1950 inclusive, being the issues of
said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: June 25 & July 2. 1950. That said newspaper was regularly
issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

S/_______Carl R. Woodbury___________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of July, 1950.

S/_______Neola Gierhart_____________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada

My Commissioner Expires April 14, 1954.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 428

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE RELATING TO THE AUTHORIZATION AND ISSUANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS WEST CHARLESTON
BOULEVARD SANITARY SEWER BONDS IN THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $25,391.96 TO COVER CERTAIN UNPAID
ASSESSMENTS HERETOFORE LEVIED AND CONFIRMED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, FOR THE
PURPOSE OF PAYING FOR THE WORK OF MAKING IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING A SANITARY SEWER
IN CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN SAID CITY AND MORE PARTICULARLY DESCRIBED IN THE SPECIAL
ASSESSMENT DISTRICT AS CREATED BY ORDINANCE NO. 400, AND TO	ISSUE AND SELL THE	BONDS OF THE CITY OF	LAS

VEGAS, THEREFOR, SAID BONDS TO BE KNOWN AS LAS VEGAS WEST CHARLESTON BOULEVARD	SANITARY SEWER BONDS	AND	 PRO-

VIDING FOR THE COLLECTION OF THE SAID UNPAID ASSESSMENT BY DIVIDING THE SAME INTO TEN (10) ANNUAL INSTALLMENTS
AND PLACING SAID INSTALLMENTS ON THE TAX ROLL OF CLARK COUNTY AND COLLECTING THE SAME IN THE SAME MANNER
AS STATE AND COUNTY TAXES ARE COLLECTED BY LAW, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That for the purpose of paying for the installation of a sanitary sewer system in and along
all the streets embraced within the sanitary sewer assessment district #200-2, the particular lots and parcels
of land and the persons to whom assessed being particularly described and set forth in the Assessment Roll
on file in the City Clerk's office, for which special assessments have heretofore been levied and confirmed
by the Board of Commissioners, and not paid in full by said owners of property on said streets heretofore
named and in compliance with and by virtue and authority of	the Legislature of	the State of Nevada,	approved

March 16, 1911, entitled "An Act to incorporate the town of	Las Vegas in Clark	County, and defining	the

boundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishing of a City Government therefor, and other matters relating
thereto, as amended."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized, empowered and directed to
issue in the name of the City of Las Vegas, twenty-five (25) bonds of the denomination of One Thousand Dollars
($1,000.00) and one (1) bond of the denomination of Three Hundred Ninety-one Dollars and Ninety-Six Cents
($391.96), each bearing interest at the rate of not to exceed seven per cent (7%) per annum, both principal
and interest being payable at the office of the City Treasurer in coin or currency of the United States of
America which, on the respective dates of payment, is legal tender, all dated as of August 1, 1950
numbered consecutively from one upwards and to the extent such bonds are issued, maturing serially as follows:

Bond Numbers	Maturity Date	Total

1	August 1, 1951	$ 391.96

2 & 3	August	1,	1952	32,000.00

4 & 5	August	1, 1953	$2,000.00

6 & 7	August	1,	1954	32,000.00

8 & 9	August	1,	1955	$2,000.00

10 & 11	August	1,	1956	$2,000.00

12 & 13	August	1,	1957	$2,000.00

14-17	 Inclusive	August	1,	1958	$4.000.00

18-21      "	August 1, 1959	$4.000.00

22-26  "	August	1,	1960	$5,000.00

Bonds numbered 10 to 26, both inclusive, maturing on and after August 1, 1956 are subject to redemption
in inverse numerical order at the option of the City of Las Vegas on the first day of August, 1956, or on any
interest payment date thereafter prior to maturity at a price equal to the principal amount thereof with accrued
 interest to the redemption date. Notice of redemption shall be given by the City Treasurer of Las Vegas, Nevada,

in the name of the City of Las Vegas by publication of said notice at least once in each calendar week on any
 day of the week for at least four successive weeks prior to the redemption date in a newspaper of general cir-
culation in the City of Las Vegas and a copy of such notice shall be sent by registered mail at least thirty
days prior to the redemption date to the purchaser or purchasers of said bonds. Such notice shall specify the
number or numbers of the bonds to be so redeemed (if less than all are to be redeemed) and the date fixed for
redemption, and shall further state that on such redemption date there will become and be due and payable upon
each bond so to be redeemed at the office of the City Treasurer the principal amount thereof with accrued
interest to the redemption date, and that from and after such date, interest will cease to accrue. Notice having
been given in the manner hereinbefore, provided, the bond or bonds so called for redemption shall become due
and payable on the redemption date so designated and upon presentation thereof at the office of the City Treasurer;
together with all appurtenant coupons maturing subsequent to the redemption date the City of Las Vegas will
pay the bond or bonds so called for redemption.

Said bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, and by the City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas, and shall be countersigned by the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas under the seal of the City.

Each of said bonds shall have attached thereto appropriate coupons to evidence the installments of interest due
thereon and shall bear the signature or facsimile signature of the City Treasurer. The said bonds shall be
known and called "Las Vegas West Charleston Boulevard Sanitary Sewer Improvement Bonds" and shall be substantially
in the following form:

"	UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

STATE OF NEVADA

LAS VEGAS WEST CHARLESTON BOULEVARD SANITARY SEWER IMPROVEMENT BONDS

SERIES OF AUGUST 1, 1950

 No._______________ $1,000.00

The City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for value received, hereby acknowledges
itself indebted and promises to pay to bearer the sum of

ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,000.00)

on the 1st day of February, 1951, with interest thereon at the rate of _________ per centum (	%) per annum, payable

semi-annually on the first days of February and August in each year upon presentation and surrender of this bond
and the attached coupons as they severally become due, both principal and interest being payable at the office
of the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, in Las Vegas, Nevada, in any coin or currency of the United
States of America which, on the respective dates of payment is legal tender for the payment of public and private
debts.

*(This bond is subject to redemption at the option of the City of Las Vegas on the first day of August,

1956, or on any interest payment date thereafter at a price equal to the principal amount thereof with accrued
interest to the redemption date. Redemption shall be made upon not less than thirty days' prior notice by pub-
lication in a newspaper of general circulation in the City of Las Vegas in the manner and upon the conditions
provided in the ordinance authorizing the issuance of this bond.)

This bond is one of a series of bonds of like tenor issued by the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of
installing a sanitary sewer for the use of the City of Las Vegas and its inhabitants and for defraying the cost
thereof under the authority of the Charter of said City and of an ordinance duly enacted pursuant thereto by
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, It is hereby certified that all acts and things
required to be done and all conditions and things required to exist precedent to and in the issuance of this
bond to render the same lawful and valid have happened, been done and performed and did exist in regular and
in due form and in every manner as required by law and that the total indebtedness of the City of Las Vegas in-
cluding the indebtedness evidenced by this bond does not exceed the statutory or constitutional limitations under
the constitution and laws of the State of Nevada and of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and it is further
certified and recited that provision has been made for the levy and collection of an annual assessment sufficient!
to pay the interest on this bond and to discharge the principal thereof when and as the same severally becomes
due.

The full faith and credit of the City of Las Vegas are hereby pledged for the punctual payment of the
principal of and the interest upon this bond.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas has caused this bond to be signed by its Mayor and by its City
Clerk and countersigned by the City Treasurer under the seal of the City of Las Vegas, all this first day of Au-
gust , A.D. 1950.

s/	E. W. Cragin_____________________________

Mayor

Countersigned:

City Treasurer

ATTEST:

City Clerk
*(To be inserted in bonds numbered 10 to 26, both inclusive, maturing after August 1, 1956).

( Form of Coupon )

No.__________ $____________________________________________________________________________________________________

February

On the first day of August, A.D. 19  ,*(unless the bond to which this coupon is attached has been
called for prior redemption), the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay the
bearer

Dollars

at the office of the City Treasurer in Las Vegas, Nevada, in lawful money of the United States of America,
being six months' interest on its Las Vegas West Charleston Boulevard Sanitary Sewer Improvement Bonds, Series
of August 1, 1950.

Bond No.

(Facsimile Signature)_________________

City Treasurer

*(To be inserted in coupons maturing after August 1, 1956 attached to bonds numbered 10 to 26, both
inclusive.)

Section 2. The amount remaining unpaid of the said special assessments for which these bonds are to
be issued, as shown by the Assessment Roll on file in the office of the City Clerk and the Ex-Officio City
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas appears to be Twenty-five Thousand, Three Hundred Ninety-one Dollars and
Ninety-six Cents ($25,391.96) and the said bonds and the said annual installments due and to become due
thereon for ten (10) annual periods commencing August 1, 1950, are, and shall be a lien upon the lots and
parcels of said land, particularly described for the amounts of the assessments due thereon, together with
interest at the rate of not to exceed seven percent (7%) per annum from the first day of August , 1950;
until said bonds are paid, the exact amount of interest on said bonds to be fixed and determined at the
rate offered by the successful bidder on the said bonds, as provided by law, and the interest on said instal-
lments of the said unpaid assessments to be fixed by appropriate action of the said Board of City Commissioners
at the same rate as the interest payable on said bonds.

Section 3. That the unpaid assessments shall be paid as follows: One-tenth on or before one year from
the 1st day of August, 1950, and one-tenth on or before the first day of August of each year thereafter,
until the same is paid in full, with interest thereon, not to exceed seven per cent (7%) per annum; each of
said installments shall bear interest not to exceed seven percent (7%) per annum, payable semi-annually,
in the manner hereinafter directed, on the whole amount due and unpaid. Such installments and the interest
thereon shall be and remain a lien on the said lots and parcels of land until paid in full, and shall be
collected and paid in the following manner:

Each installment, together with the interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County
on an against the several owners and promises and the County assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-Officio
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the said tax roll
of Clark County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on the said tax roll of
Clark County, and the County Treasurer, Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized
and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County
taxes are collected.

Section A. Said installments of special taxes and the interest thereon, when collected, shall consti-
tute and be a sinking fund for the payment of said bonds and the interest thereon, and said fund shall
be known as Las Vegas West Charleston Boulevard Sanitary Sewer Assessment District #200-2 Improvement Bond
Interest and Redemption Fund.

Section 5. The issuance of the bonds herein provided for shall be conclusive evidence of the regularity
of all proceedings up to the issuance of such bonds, and in the event that the bond created by such special
assessments shall be insufficient to pay the said bonds as they become due, the deficiency, if any, shall
be paid by the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, out of the General Fund of said City and each of the
bonds issued under this Ordinance shall contain a provision to that effect and said bonds shall be exempt
from City taxation.

Section 6. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect immediately after its adoption, approval
and the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, published in the City
of Las Vegas.

Section 7. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading
and adoption at this meeting, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st DAY OF JUNE, A.D. 1950

s/ E. W. Cragin_______________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

s/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

Mayor E. W. Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner	Bunker________________"Aye "

Commissioner	Moore	"Aye"

Commissioner	Peccole_______________"Aye"

Commissioner	Whipple_______________"Aye"
Absent :

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

None

s/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

Shirley Ballinger___________________________

City Clerk

s/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK )ss.

Carl Woodbury_______________________________, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor

of the LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in
said newspaper for a period of 2 insertions from June 25, 1950 to July 2, 1950 inclusive, being the issues
of said newspaper for the following dates to-wit: June 25 & July 2, 1950 . That said newspaper was regularly
issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

s/ Carl R. Woodbury

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of July, 1950.

s/ Neola Gierhart	

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires April 14, 1954.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE 429

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 2 OF ORDINANCE NO. 354 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED, "AN ORDIN-
ANCE RELATING TO TRAFFIC AND REGULATING THE USE OF THE STREETS AND HIGHWAYS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; CREATING
AND DEFINING PARKING METER ZONES; PROVIDING FOR THE DESIGNATION OF INDIVIDUAL PARKING SPACES; DEFINING AND
PROVIDING FOR THE INSTALLATION, OPERATION, AND MAINTENANCE OF PARKING METERS; PRESCRIBING PARKING TIME LIMITS-
REQUIRING DEPOSIT OF COINS FOR THE USE OF PARKING METERS AND PARKING METER ZONES AND PROVIDING FOR THE COLLECT-
ION AND DISPOSITION OF SUCH COINS; PROVIDING FOR THE ENFORCEMENT THEREOF; DEFINING OFFENSES AND PRESCRIBING
PENALTIES; AND PROVIDING THAT INVALIDITY OF PART SHALL NOT AFFECT THE VALIDITY OF THE REMAINDER; AND REPEAL-
ING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH" AS AMENDED BY ORDINANCE #396, ALSO REFERRED
TO AS CHAPTER 36, SECTION 116 OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. The following named and described areas, streets or portions of streets and such other areas,
streets or portions of streets as may hereafter be included in this section by amendment hereto, lying within
the corporate limits of the city, shall constitute a parking meter zone, namely:

On Fremont Street from Main Street to 9th Street;	on Carson Street from Main Street	to 7th

Street; on Ogden	Street from Main Street to	7th Street; on Bridger Street from Main	Street

to 7th Street; on Stewart Street from Main Street to 7th Street; on Main Street between
Bridger and Stewart Streets; on First Street, Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street,

Fifth Street, Sixth Street, and Seventh Street, between Bridger Street and Stewart Street.

All frontages on	such streets defining such	zones	are to be included therein.

Section 2. This	ordinance shall be in full	force	and effect upon its first reading	and adoption, and

final publication as in the next section provided.

Section 3. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first reading
and adoption , in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

Mayor____________E. W. Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner	Bunker	 "Aye"

Commissioner_____Moore______________________________  "Aye	"

Absent: Commissioner Peccole and Whipple

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

None

APPROVED AND ADOPTED THIS 21st day of July, 1950

s/ E. W. Cragin__________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK )ss.

Carl R. Woodbury	being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Auditor

of the LAS VEGAS REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said
newspaper for a period of 2 insertions from July 27, 1950 to August 3, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of
said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 27 & August 3, 1950. That said newspaper was regularly
issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

s/	Carl R. Woodbury____________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of August, 1950.

s/_____Neola Gierhart

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada.

My Commission Expires April 14, 1954

ORDINANCE NO. 430

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTIONS 8, 9 AND 10 OF ORDINANCE NO. 313 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED: "AN OR-
DINANCE DEFINING GARBAGE, RUBBISH, DIRT, AND DEAD ANIMALS; REGULATING THE COLLECTION AND DISPOSAL OF
GARBAGE, RUBBISH, DIRT AND DEAD ANIMALS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; THE FEES TO BE PAID THEREFOR, AND MATTERS
RELATING THERETO; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THE PROVISIONS THEREOF; AND REPEALING OR-
DINANCES NO. 138 AND NO. 267, AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH." ALSO REFERRED TO AS SECTIONS
8, 12, AND 14 OF CHAPTER 14 OF THE LAS VEGAS CODE.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 8 of Ordinance No. 313, also known as Chapter 14, Section 8 of the Las Vegas Code,
is hereby amended to read as follows:

It shall be unlawful for any person , other than the City, or its authorized contractor, or his duly
appointed agents, to collect, haul, convey or transport any garbage, rubbish, dirt or dead animals; provided,
however, that construction rubbish and excavation debris may be removed by duly licensed building contractors.

Section 2. Section 9 of Ordinance No. 313 of the City of Las Vegas, also known as Chapter 14, Section
12 of the Las Vegas City Code is hereby amended to read as follows:

Each garbage receptacle shall be constructed water-tight and so constructed as to contain not less than
three (3) nor more than thirty (30) gallons, provided places of business and public buildings may use garbage
receptacles having a capacity not in excess of 36 gallons. Said garbage receptacle shall be provided with
handles and tight-fitting cover. Each such receptacle and cover shall be made of metal material as may be
approved for such use by the Las Vegas Clark County Health Department. Cover shall not be removed except
when necessary to place garbage therein or remove garbage therefrom. Each receptacle and its cover shall
be kept clean from accumulating grease and decomposing material.

Section 3. Section 10 of Ordinance No. 313 of the City of Las Vegas also known as Chapter 14, Section
14 of the Las Vegas City Code is hereby amended to read as follows:

All garbage and loose debris shall be placed in a receptacle provided, however, that tree and yard
trimmings may be bundled if securely tied. Such bundles shall not exceed 10 feet in length nor weigh more
than one hundred (100) pounds. Before placing garbage in the receptacle, the liquid shall be drained there-
from and the garbage shall be wrapped in paper; provided, however, that unwrapped garbage may be placed in
metal receptacles having flytight lids; provided further, that such wrapped garbage may be placed in the
receptacle with rubbish.

Section 4. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final passage and publication,
provided, however, that the provisions of Section 2 hereinabove set forth shall not be enforced prior to
January 1, 1951.

Section 5. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall
cause this Ordinance No. 430 to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
 final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

s/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 21st day of June , 1950, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Peccole
and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the
7th day of August, 1950, which was the regular meeting held on the 7th day of August , 1950; that at said regular
meeting held on the 7th day of August, 1950, the proposed ordinance, as amended, was read in full to the
Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and amended, and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners	Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

Voting "Nay": Commissioner	Bunker ______________________________________________________________

Absent:	None
APPROVED:

s/ E. W. Cragin___________________________________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger ______________________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

 STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK )ss.

Carl R. Woodbury_________________________ being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor

of the LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said
newspaper for a period of 2 insertions from August 14, 1950 to August 21, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of
said newspaper for the following dates to-wit: August 14 & August 21, 1950 . That said newspaper was regular-
ly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

s/	Carl R. Woodbury__________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st day of August, 1950.

s/	Neola Gierhart

Notary Public in and for
Clark County Nevada

My Commissioner Expires April 14, 1954

ORDINANCE NO 431

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTIONS 21 AID 31 OF ORDINANCE NO. 331 ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE ESTABLISHING A PUBLIC
POUND; PRESCRIBING THE POWERS AND DUTIES OF THE POUNDMASTER; FIXING THE FEES AND CHARGES TO BE COLLECTED
BY HIM, AND DIRECTING THE DISPOSITION THEREOF; PROVIDING FOR THE REGISTRATION OF DOGS AND DOG KENNELS AND
FIXING THE FEES THEREFOR; PROVIDE G FOR THE VACCINATION OF DOGS AND CATS; PROVIDING FOR THE REDEMPTION,

SALE OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF DOGS AND OTHER ANIMALS IMPOUNDED; PROHIBITING CRUELTY TO ANIMALS; PROVIDING A
PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS THEREOF; REPEALING ORDINANCES NO. 5, 12, 19, 51, 58, 63,

AND 101, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, AND OTHER
MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO." ALSO REFERRED TO AS SECTIONS 18 AND 32 OF CHAPTER 4 OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY

 CODE.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 21 of Ordinance No. 331, also referred to as Section 18 of Chapter 4 of the Las Vegas
Code, is hereby amended to read as follows:

It shall be the duty of the Poundmaster, and he is hereby authorized and empowered to order the destruc-
tion of any animal lawfully impounded which, in the opinion of the Poundmaster is, by reason of old age, unfit
for further use, or which is infected with any dangerous or communicable disease, or which is in an incurable
crippled condition, or for which there is no immediate sale.

Section 2. Section 31 of Ordinance No. 331, also referred to as Section 32 of Chapter 4, of the Las Vegas
City Code, is hereby amended to read as follows:

No person shall have, keep or harbor any animal which is known or believed by him to be infected with any
dangerous or communicable disease, or which is in an incurable crippled condition, or which is afflicted with
any painful disease which is believed by such person to be incurable nor shall such person abandon the same,
or leave it to die in a public street, road, alley or other public	place, or upon the	private	property of anoth-
er, more than three hours after he receives notice that it is left	disabled.

Section 3. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final reading and adoption, and final
publication as in the next section provided.

Section 4. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first reading
and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on the
10th day of August, 1950, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Moore and Whipple
for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the 22nd day of
August, 1950 which was the regular meeting held on the 22nd day of	August, 1950,	that	at said	regular meeting

held on the 22nd day of August, 1950, the proposed ordinance was read in full to	the Board of	City Commissioners

as first introduced and amended, and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

Voting "Nay":	None

Absent:	_________________Commissioner Bunker	

	APPROVED

E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger________________________

City Clerk
AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK )	ss.

______Carl Woodbury________________, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Auditor____________

of the LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper , of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published
in said newspaper for a period of 2 insertions from August 29, 1950 to September 5, 1950 inclusive,
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: August 29 & September 5, 1950. That
said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

s/ Carl R. Woodbury

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th day of September, 1950.

s/ Neola Gierhart___________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada.

My Commission Expires April 14, 1954.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 432

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA, TO MAKE CERTAIN PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS IN SAID CITY BY PAVING, CURBING AND GUTTERING CERTAIN STREETS
 AND PARTS OF STREETS THEREIN, AND INSTALLATION OF CONCRETE SIDEWALKS AND COMPLETE STREET LIGHTING SYSTEM,

TO CREATE STREET IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-3 FOR THE PURPOSE OF MAKING SAID IMPROVEMENTS;

AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS MADE ACCORDING TO FRONTAGE FIXING
A TIME IN WHICH PROTESTS AGAINST THE PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS OR THE CREATION OF SUCH DISTRICT MAY RE HEARD
AND CONSIDERED BY SAID BOARD; DIRECTING NOTICE THEREOF TO BE GIVEN; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS RELATING
THERETO.

WHEREAS, certain areas in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, are without adequate street improvements, and

WHEREAS, certain proceedings were heretofore taken by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas to make the said improvements and to levy an assessment to defray the cost of making the same, and

WHEREAS, the bonds for said improvements are not saleable due to the lack of a favorable opinion
by bonding attorneys, and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has determined that it is for the best
interests of the C ty that the proceedings heretofore taken be abandoned and that the steps for the creation
of the assessment district and the construction therein of improvements be started anew, and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of
Nevada deems it expedient and for the best interests of said City to improve certain streets and parts of
streets hereinafter particularly described by the laying of pavement thereon and by constructing on both
sides thereof concrete curbs and gutters wherever necessary, and concrete sidewalks and complete street
lighting system; and

WHEREAS, said Board deems it expedient and desirable to create Street Improvement Assessment District
No. 100-3 for the purpose of making said improvements, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof
by special assessments made according to the frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises,
and property specially benefited by such improvements and included within said district; and

WHEREAS, there is not included within said district any lands belonging to the City or public grounds
not taxable, and in no case does the estimated amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premise
for said improvements exceed 50% of the value of such lot or premise as shown upon the latest tax list
or assessment roll for State and County tax, and

WHEREAS, in the judgment of the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas, it is fair and
equitable that no portion of said cost and expense by borne by the City from its general funds; and

WHEREAS, at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the
11th day of October, 1950, upon motion of Commissioner Moore and duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and
unanimously carried, a resolution was adopted and approved directing the City Engineer to make estimates
of the expense thereof and plats, diagrams and plans of work and of the locality to be improved, and to
file such estimates, plats, diagrams and plans with the City Clerk for public examination, and

WHEREAS, on the 18th day of October, 1950, said estimates, plats diagrams and plans were so filed.

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark and State of
Nevada, does hereby declare its determination to make certain public improvements by installing a complete
street lighting system, on and along certain streets and parts of streets therein, by paving, curbing and
guttering said streets and parts of streets, and by the installation of concrete sidewalks along both sides
of said streets and parts of streets, to create a special assessment district therefor, and to defray the
entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments made according to frontage against the owners and the
assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements and included within said
district.

Section 2. That the Board proposes to improve said streets and parts of streets by installing thereon
a complete street lighting system including concrete pole bases, light standards, luminaires, and necessary
wiring and attachments, and to pave said streets and parts of streets by grading and constructing thereon
asphaltic concrete paving and by constructing on both sides of said streets and parts of streets concrete
curbs, gutters and sidewalks, wherever said improvements are missing, including alley approaches, together
with such appurtenances as may be required, as more particularly shown by the plats, diagrams and plans
of the work and locality to be improved now on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the streets and parts of streets which the Board proposes so to have improved, wherever
such improvements are missing, are the following:
All of South 17th Street from Charleston Boulevard to
Carson Avenue; all of Spencer Street from Charleston
Boulevard to Carson Avenue, and all of Carson Avenue
from Spencer Street to a point 83 feet east of the
center line of 17th Street.

Section A. That the special assessment district which it is proposed to create shall be designated Street
Improvement Assessment District No. 100-3, and it shall include all the lots, premises and property, to the full
depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said streets and parts of streets.

Section 5.	That the	City Clerk shall	keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be

improved, together	with the	estimates of the	expense thereof,	on file in	her office for public inspection and

 examination.

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of	said	City will meet	at the City Hall in said	City of Wed-
nesday the 15th day of November, 1950, at the hour of	3:30	o'clock, P.M.,	to hear and consider any	suggestions

and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters relating
thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be filed in writing
in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, diagrams, and
plans with the City Clerk for examination, of the proposed	improvement or	work, of the location of	the improve-
ment, of the district to be assessed, and of the time	when	the Board will	meet and consider any suggestions

and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements. Said notice shall be given
by publication for	at least	two weeks in the	Las Vegas Review	Journal, a	daily newspaper published in said City

of Las Vegas every	day each	week except Saturday, by fourteen	insertions	therein and at least fifteen days prior

to said meeting by posting said notices in at least three public places in each ward and also by posting said
notice in, or near said post office of said City and by posting notices in three public places near the site of
 said proposed work. Said notice shall be in substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF DETERMINATION AND INTENTION TO PAVE, CURB AND GUTTER CERTAIN STREETS AND PARTS THEREOF, AND
 INSTALLATION OF CONCRETE SIDEWALKS AND COMPLETE STREET LIGHTING SYSTEM, TO CREATE STREET IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT
 DISTRICT NO. 100-3, AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE COST BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS, AND OF THE HEARING THEREON.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 25th, 1950, the Board of Commissioners and Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved an ordinance declaring the Board's determination to make certain public
improvements by installing thereon a complete street lighting system including concrete pole bases,, light stan-
dards, luminaires, and necessary wiring and attachments, and to pave said streets and parts of streets by grading
and constructing thereon asphaltic concrete paving and by constructing on both sides of said streets and parts
of streets concrete curbs, gutters, and sidewalks, wherever said improvements are missing, including alley ap-
proaches, together with such appurtenances as may be required, to create a special assessment district designated
Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-3 therefor, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof
j by special assessments made according to frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and
property specially benefited by such improvements and included within said district.

The streets and parts of streets so proposed to be improved are:

All of South 17th Street from Charleston Boulevard to
Carson Avenue; all of Spencer Street from Charleston
Boulevard to Carson Avenue, and all of Carson Avenue
from Spencer Street to a point 83 feet east of the
center line of 17th Street.

Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-3 shall include all the lots, premises and property
to the full depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said street.

Said ordinance adopted and approved October 25th, 1950, and the plats, diagrams and plans of the work
and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, are on file for public inspec-
tion and examination in the of ice of the City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada, and all persons interested are hereby
referred to the same for further information.

Said Board of Commissioners will meet at the City Hall at the corner of Stewart and Fifth Streets in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 15th day of November, 1950 at 3:30 o'clock, P.M., to hear and consider
any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any
matters relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be
filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting. Unless the owners of more
than one-half of the frontage to be assessed shall file written objections thereto, such work shall be ordered.

DATED this 25th day of October , 1950.

Shirley Ballinger,

City Clerk

s/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

Section 8. That all ordinances or parts of ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall, for
any	reason, be questioned, or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remain-

ing provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences,
clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity
 of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances, shall not affect or
prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instance.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to meet
the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds
to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance
is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final read-
ing and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance
shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.
PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 25th day of October, 1950

s/ E. W. Cragin____________________________________

Mayor

 ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger_________________________

City Clerk

s/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

Commissioner Peccole then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance, The question being
upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting	"Aye":

Commissioner___________Bunker_______________,

Commissioner___________Moore________________,

Commissioner	Peccole	,

Commissioner	Whipple	,	and

Mayor	Cragin	.

Those voting	"Nay":	None_________________

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Moore and seconded by Commissioner Peccole that all rules of this Board
which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be and
the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said emergency
ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll was called
with the following	result:

Those voting	"Aye":

Commissioner	Bunker_______________,

Commissioner	Moore________________,

Commissioner	Peccole______________,

Commissioner	Whipple	,	and

Mayor	__________Cragin_______________

Those voting "Nay"	None	.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Moore then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full at this meeting
be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Peccole seconded the motion, and the question being upon the plac-
ing of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting	"Aye":

Commissioner	Bunker_______________,

Commissioner	Moore	.

Commissioner	Peccole______________,

Commissioner___________Whipple________________,	and

Mayor	__________Cragin_______________.

Those voting "Nay":	None_________________

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final passage.

Commissioner Moore then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and as an emergency ordin-
ance. Commissioner Peccole seconded the motion. The question being upon the passage and adoption of said or-
dinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting	"Aye":

Commissioner	Bunker	,

Commissioner	Moore________________,

Commissioner	Peccole______________,

Commissioner	Whipple________________,	and

Mayor	__________Cragin_______________

Those voting	"Nay":	__________None
The presiding officer thereupon declared that four Commissioners having voted in favor thereof, said motion
was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

On motion duly adopted, it was ordered that said emergency ordinance be numbered 432, and after approval by
the Mayor shall be published as in said ordinance designated, and shall be recorded according to law.

There being no further business to come before the Board of Commissioners, the meeting was, on motion duly
made, seconded and carried, adjourned.

Mayor

________________________________________

City Clerk

Emergency Ordinance No. 432 copied into City of Las Vegas Commissioners' Minute Book.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss.

Carl Woodbury________________, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Auditor__________

of the LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed, and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said
newspaper for a period of 14 insertions from October 29, 1950 to November 13, 1950 inclusive, being the issues
of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: October 29, 30, 31; & November 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10,

12, 13. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

s/	Carl R. Woodbury______________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th day of November, 1950.



s/	Neola Gierhart	

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada.

My Commission Expires April 14, 1954

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO.

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

NEVADA, TO MAKE CERTAIN PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS IN SAID CITY BY PAVING, CURBING AND GUTTERING CERTAIN STREETS AND
PARTS OF STREETS THEREIN, TO CREATE STREET IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-2 FOR THE PURPOSE OF MAKING
SAID IMPROVEMENTS; AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS MADE ACCORDING TO
BENEFITS; FIXING A TIME IN WHICH PROTESTS AGAINST THE PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS OR THE CREATION OF SUCH DISTRICT
MAY RE HEARD AND CONSIDERED BY SAID BOARD; DIRECTING NOTICE THEREOF TO BE GIVEN; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS
RELATING THERETO.

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Nevada deems
it expedient and for the best interests of said City to improve certain streets and parts of streets hereinafter
particularly described by the laying of pavement thereon and by constructing on both sides thereof concrete
curbs and gutters wherever necessary; and

WHEREAS, said Board deems it expedient and desirable to create Street Improvement Assessment District No.

100-2 for the purpose of making said improvements, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special
assessments made according to benefits against the owners and the assessable lots, premises, and property spe-
cially benefited by such improvements and included within said district; and

WHEREAS, there is not included within said district any public or other property against which a valid spe-
cial assessment cannot be levied by said City; and

WHEREAS, in no case does the estimated amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premises for said
improvements exceed fifty percent of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or
assessment roll for state and county taxation; and

WHEREAS, in the judgment of the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas, it is fair and equitable
that no portion of said cost and expense be borne by the City from its general funds; and

WHEREAS, said Board has heretofore taken certain proceedings to create said district, to make said improve-
ments, and to levy said assessments; and

WHEREAS, said proceedings are of questionable validity; and

WHEREAS, said Board has determined, and hereby determines, that said proceedings be abandoned and no further
action taken in connection therewith; and

WHEREAS, said Board considers it necessary, desirable, and for the best interests of the City, to take the
steps provided by law for the organization of an assessment district and the construction therein of said improve-
ments; and

WHEREAS, said Board, by a resolution duly adopted and approved on the 11th day of October, 1950, ordered
the City Engineer to make estimates of the expense thereof, and plats, diagrams and plans of the work and of
the locality to be improved, and to file such estimates, plats, diagrams and plans with the City Clerk for
public examination; and

WHEREAS, said estimates, plats, diagrams and plans were so filed on the 18th day of October, 1950;

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark and State of Nevada,

does hereby declare its determination to make certain public improvements by paving, curbing and guttering cer-
tain streets and parts of streets therein, to create a special assessment district therefor, and to defray the
entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments made according to benefits against the owners and the
assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements and included within said dis-
trict.

Section 2. That the Board proposes to pave said streets and parts of streets by grading and constructing
thereon an oil bound gravel pavement and by constructing on both sides of said streets and parts of streets
concrete curbs and gutters, wherever said improvements are missing, including alley approaches, together with
such appurtenances as may be required, as more particularly shown by the plats, diagrams and plans of the work
and locality to be improved now on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the streets and parts of streets which the Board proposes so to have improved are the
following:

All of Stewart Avenue from the center line of the alley
between 9th and 10th Streets to the west curb line of
25th Street; all of Ogden Avenue from the center line
of the alley between 9th and 10th Streets to the east
property line of 14th Street; all of Carson Avenue from
the center line of the alley between 9th and 10th Streets
to the east property line of 14th Street; excepting the
south half of Carson Avenue from the center line of 12th
Street to a point 190 feet east; all of Bridger Avenue
from the center line of the alley between 9th and 10th
Streets to the east property line of 14th Street, except-
ing the north half of Bridger Avenue from the east gutter
line of 12th Street to a point 20 feet west of the center
line of the alley between 13th and 14th Streets; all of
Lewis Avenue from the center line of the alley between
9th and 10th Streets to the east property line of 14th
Street; all of Clark Avenue from the center line of the
alley between 9th and 10th Streets to the east property
line of 14th Street, excepting the south half of Clark
Avenue from the center line of 11th Street to the west
property line of 12th Street; all of Bonneville Avenue
from the center line of the alley between 9th and 10th
Streets to the east property line of 13th Street, except-
ing all of Bonneville Avenue from the east property line
of 10th Street to the west property line of 12th Street;
all of Garces Avenue from the center line of the alley
between 9th and 10th Streets to the west property line
of 11th Street; all of 10th Street from the north pro-
perty line of Charleston Blvd. to the south property line
of Stewart Avenue, all of 11th Street from the north pro-
perty line of Charleston Blvd. to the south property line
of Stewart Avenue, excepting all of 11th Street from the
north property line of Bonneville Avenue to the center
line of Clark Avenue and from the south property line of
Fremont Avenue to the south property line of Ogden Avenue;
all of 12th Street from the north property line of Charles-
ton Blvd. to the south property line of Stewart Avenue,
excepting the east half of 12th Street from the center line
of Bridger Avenue to the center line of Clark Avenue; all
of 13th Street from the north property line of Charleston
Blvd. to the south property line of Stewart Avenue, except-
ing the east half of 13th Street from the center line of
Bridger to a point 100 feet north of the north property line
of Bridger and the west half of 13th Street from the
center line of Bridger to a point 200 feet north of
the north property line of Bridger; all of 14th Street
from the south property line of Clark Avenue to the
south property line of Stewart Avenue.

Section 4. That the special assessment district which it is proposed to create shall be designated Street
Improvement Assessment District No. 100-2, and it shall include all the lots, premises and property that shall
 receive benefits from the said street improvements.

The boundaries of said proposed assessment district are as follows:

Beginning at a point in the center line of the alley
between 9th and 10th Streets lying 60 feet north of the
north property line of Stewart Avenue; continuing east-
ward on this line and parallel to the north line of
Stewart to the west line of 16th Street; thence easterly
on a line 100 feet north of the north line of Stewart
Avenue to the east line of Bruce Street; thence easterly
along a line parallel to and 150 feet north of Stewart
to its intersection with the west line of 25th Street;
thence westerly on a line parallel to and 50 feet south
of Stewart Avenue to the west line of 23rd Street; thence
westerly along a line parallel to and 143 feet south of
Stewart Avenue to the west line of 21st Street; thence
westerly along a line parallel to and 50 feet south of
Stewart Avenue to the west line of 19th Street; thence
on a line 150 feet south of an parallel to Stewart Avenue
to the west line of Bruce Street; thence on a line parallel
to and 60 feet south of Stewart Avenue to a point 100 feet
east of the east property line of 14th Street; thence south
on a line parallel to and 50 feet east of 14th Street to
the south line of Clark Avenue; thence westerly along the
south line of Clark Avenue to the west line of 14th Street;
thence on a line parallel to and 50 feet south of the south
line of Clark Avenue to the east property line of the alley
between 13th Street and 14th Street; thence south along the
east alley line to the north line of Charleston Blvd; thence
west along the north line of Charleston Blvd. to its inter-
section with the east line of the alley between 9th Street
and 10th Street extended; thence north along this alley
line the point of beginning.

Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be
improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, on file in her office for public inspection and

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the City Hall in said City on Wed-
nesday, the 15th day of November, 1950, at the hour of 3:30 o'clock, P.M., to hear and consider any suggestions

and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters relating
thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be filed in writing
in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, diagrams, and
plans with the City Clerk for examination, of the	proposed improvement or work, of	the location	of the improve-
ment, of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the	Board will meet and	consider any	suggestions

and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements. Said notice shall be given
bypublication for at least two weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in
said City of Las Vegas every day each week except	Saturday, by	fourteen insertions	therein, and	at least fifteen

days prior to said meeting by posting said notices	in at least	three public places	in each ward	and by posting

said notice in the post office of said City. Said notice shall be in substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF DETERMINATION AND INTENTION TO PAVE, CURB AND GUTTER CERTAIN STREETS AND PARTS THERE-
OF, TO CREATE STREET IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-2, AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE COST BY SPECIAL ASSESS-
MENTS, AND OF THE HEARING THEREON.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 25th, 1950, the Board of Commissioners and Mayor of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved an ordinance declaring the Board's determination to make cer-
tain improvements by grading and paving certain streets and parts of streets therein with an oil bound gravel
pavement, and by constructing curbs and gutters on both sides thereof, wherever said improvements are missing,
including alley approaches, together with such appurtenances as may be required, to create a special assessment
district designated Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-2 therefor, and to defray the entire cost and
expense thereof by special assessments made according to benefits against the owners and the assessable lots,
premises and property specially benefited by such improvements and included within said district.

The streets and parts of streets so proposed to be improved are:

All of Stewart Avenue from the center line of the alley
between 9th and 10th Streets to the west curb line of
25th Street; all of Ogden Avenue from the center line
of the alley between 9th and 10th Streets to the east
property line of 14th Street; all of Carson Avenue from
the center line of the alley between 9th and 10th Streets
to the east property line of 14th Street; excepting the
south half of Carson Avenue from the center line of 12th
Street to a point 190 feet east; all of Bridger Avenue
from the center line of the alley between 9th and 10th
Streets to the east property line of 14th Street, except-
ing the north half of Bridger Avenue from the east gutter
line of 12th Street to a point 20 feet west of the center
line of the alley between 13th and 14th Streets; all of
Lewis Avenue from the center line of the alley between
9th and 10th Streets to the east property line of 14th
Street; all of Clark Avenue from the center line of the
alley between 9th and 10th Streets to the east property
line of 14th Street, excepting the south half of Clark
Avenue from the center line of 11th Street to the west
property line of 12th Street; all of Bonneville Avenue
from the center line of the alley between 9th and 10th
Streets to the east property line of 13th Street, except-
ing all of Bonneville Avenue from the east property line
of 10th Street to the west property line of 12th Street;
all of Garces Avenue from the center line of the alley
between 9th and 10th Streets to the West property line
of 11th Street; all of 10th Street from the north pro-
perty line of Charleston Blvd. to the south property line
of Stewart Avenue; all of 11th Street from the north pro-
perty line of Charleston Blvd. to the South property line
of Stewart Avenue, excepting all of 11th Street from the

north property line of Bonneville Avenue to the center
line of Clark Avenue and from the south property line of
Fremont Avenue to the south property line of Ogden Avenue;
all of 12th Street from the north property line of Charles-
ton Blvd to the south property line of Stewart Avenue;
excepting the east half of 12th Street from the center line
of Bridger Avenue to the center line of Clark Avenue; all
of 13th Street from the north property line of Charleston
Blvd. to the south property line of Stewart Avenue, except-
ing the east half of 13th Street from the center line of
Bridger to a point 100 feet north of the north property line
of Bridger and the west half of 13th Street from the center
line of Bridger to a point 200 feet north of the north pro-
perty line of Bridger; all of 14th Street from the south
property line of Clark Avenue to the south property line of
Stewart Avenue.

Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-2 shall include all the lots, premises and
property that shall receive benefits from the said street improvements and which are included within the fol-
lowing described boundaries, to-wit:

Beginning at a point in the center line of the alley
between 9th and 10th Streets lying 60 feet north of the
north property line of Stewart Avenue; continuing east-
ward on this line and parallel to the north line of
Stewart to the west line of 16th Street; thence easterly
on a line 100 feet north of the north line of Stewart
Avenue to the east line of Bruce Street; thence easterly
along a line parallel to and 150 feet north of Stewart
to its intersection with the west line of 25th Street;
thence westerly on a line parallel to and 50 feet south
of Stewart Avenue to the west line of 23rd Street; thence
westerly along a line parallel to and 143 feet south of
Stewart Avenue to the west line of 21st Street; thence
westerly along a line parallel to and 50 feet south of
Stewart Avenue to the west line of 19th Street; thence
on a line 150 feet south of and parallel to Stewart Avenue
to the west line of Bruce Street; thence on a lino para-
llel to and 60 feet south of Stewart Avenue to a point 100
feet east of the east property line of 14th Street; thence
south on a lino parallel to and 50 feet east of 14th Street
to the south line of Clark Avenue; thence westerly along
the south line of Clark Avenue to the west line of 14th
Street; thence on a line parallel to and 50 feet south of
the south line of Clark Avenue to the east property line
of the alley between 13th Street and 14th Street; thence
south along the east alley line to the north line of
Charleston Blvd; thence west along the north line of
Charleston Blvd to its intersection with the east line of
the alley between 9th Street and 10th Street extended;
thence north along this alley line to the point of begin-
ning.

Said ordinance adopted and approved October 25, 1950, and the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and
locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, are on file for public inspec-
tion and examination in the office of the City Clerk of Lao Vegas, Nevada, and all persons interested are here-
by referred to the same for further information.

Said Board of Commissioners will meet at the City Hall at the comer of Stewart and Fifth Streets in tie
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the day of November, 1950, at 3:30 o'clock, P.M., to hear and consider cry
suggestions end objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters
relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be filed in
writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting. Unless the owners of more than one-
half of the frontage to be assessed shall file written objections thereto, such improvement or work shall be
ordered.

Dated this 25th day of October, 1950.

Shirley Ballinger____________________________________ 

City Clerk

s/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

Section 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolution and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders, resolutions
and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall, for
any reason, be questioned or be held invalid such judgement shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remain-
ing provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences,
clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity
of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or
prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to meet
the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds
to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance
is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final read-
ing and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance
shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 25th day of October, 1950.

s/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

s/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

Commissioner Moore then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question being
upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":

Commissioner	Bunker__________________,

Commissioner	Moore___________________,

Commissioner_______Peccole_________________,

Commissioner	Whipple_____________________,	and

Mayor	Cragin
Those voting "Nay":

None_______________________

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Moore, that all rules of this Board
which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be and
the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said emergency
ordinance at this meeting.

The question being the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll was called with
the following result:

Those voting "Aye":

Commissioner	Bunker	,

Commissioner	Moore_______________________,

Commissioner	Peccole	,

Commissioner	Whipple	,	and

Mayor	_______Cragin______________________.

Those voting "Nay":

None

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full at this meeting
be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Moore seconded the motion, and the question being upon the placing
of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":

Commissioner	Bunker

Commissioner	Moore

Commissioner	Peccole_____________________,

Commissioner	Whipple______________________,	end

Mayor	Cragin	.

Those voting "Nay":

None_______________________.

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final passage.

Commissioner Whipple then moved said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and as an emergency ordinance.
Commissioner Moore seconded the motion. The question being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance,
the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":

Commissioner	Bunker

Commissioner	Moore	,

Commissioner________Peccole_____________________,

Commissioner	Whipple	,	and

Mayor	_______Cragin______________________.

Those voting "Nay":

_______None

The presiding officer thereupon declared that four commissioners having voted in favor thereof, said
motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

On motion duly adopted, it was ordered that said emergency ordinance be numbered 433, and after approval
by the Mayor shall be published as in said ordinance designated, and shall be recorded according to law.

There being no further business to come before the Board of Commissioners, the meeting was, on motion
duly made, seconded and carried, adjourned.

Mayor

(SEAL)

Shirley Ballinger_______________________

City Clerk

s/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

Emergency Ordinance No. 433 copied into City of Las Vegas Commissioner's Minute Book No. 7 .

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

State of Nevada,) ss.
_____Carl Woodbury, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Auditor of the

LAS VEGAS REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for
a period of 14 insertions from October 29, 1950 to November 13, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said news-

paper for the following dates, to-wit: October 29, 30, 31 & November 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13____________________________

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated or. each of the dates above named.

s/______Carl R. Woodbury

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th day of November, 1950.

s/	Neola Gierhart_________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

Commissions Expires April 14, 1954.	

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 424	Proof Read July 25th



EMERGENCY ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,
TO MAKE CERTAIN PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS IN SAID CITY BY PAVING, CURBING AND GUTTERING CERTAIN STREETS AND PARTS OF
STREETS THEREIN, TO CREATE STREET IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-4 FOR THE PURPOSE OF MAKING SAID IM-
PROVEMENTS; AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS MADE ACCORDING TO FRONTAGE;
FIXING A TIME IN WHICH PROTESTS AGAINST THE PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS OR THE CREATION OF SUCH DISTRICT MAY BE HEARD

AND CONSIDERED BY SAID BOARD; DIRECTING NOTICE THEREOF TO BE GIVEN; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Nevada
deems it expedient and for the best interests of said City to improve certain streets and parts of streets here-
inafter particularly described by the laying of pavement thereon and by constructing on both sides thereof
concrete curbs and gutters wherever necessary; and

WHEREAS, said Board deems it expedient and desirable to create Street Improvement Assessment District No.
100-4 for the purpose of making said improvements, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special
assessments made according to frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises, and property spe-
cially benefited by such improvements and included within said district; and

WHEREAS, there is not included within said district aNy public or other property against which a valid
special assessment cannot be levied by said City; and

WHEREAS, in no case does the estimated amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premises for
said improvements exceed fifty percent of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list
or assessment roll for state and county taxation; and

WHEREAS, in the judgment of the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas, it is fair and equitable
that no portion of said cost and expense be borne by the City from its general funds; and

WHEREAS, said Board has heretofore taken certain proceedings to create said district, to make said improve-
ments, and to levy said assessments; and

WHEREAS, said proceedings are of questionable validity; and

WHEREAS, said Board has determined, and hereby determines, that said proceedings be abandoned and
further action taken in connection therewith; and

WHEREAS, said Board considers it necessary, desirable, and for the best interests of the City, to take
the steps provided by law for the organization of an assessment district and the construction therein of said
improvements; and

WHEREAS, said Board, by a resolution duly adopted and approved or the 11th day of October, 1950, ordered
the City Engineer to make estimates of the expense thereof, and plats, diagrams, and plans of the work and of the
locality to be improved, end to file such estimates, plats, diagrams and plans with the City Clerk for public
examination; and

WHEREAS, said estimates, plats, diagrams, and plans were so filed on the 13th day of October, 1950;



NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AD FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That the Board of Commissioners Of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark and State of Nevada,
does hereby declare its determination to make certain public improvements by paving, curbing and guttering
certain streets and parts of streets therein, to create a special assessment district therefor, and to defray
the cost and expense thereof by special assessments made according to frontage against the owners and the assess-
able lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements and included within said district.

Section 2. That the Board proposes to pave said streets and parts of streets by grading and constructing
thereon an oil bound gravel pavement and by constructing on both sides of said streets and parts of streets con-
crete curbs and gutters, whenever said improvements are missing, including alley approaches, together with such
appurtenances as may be required, as more particularly shown by the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and
locality to be improved now on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the streets and parts of streets which the Board proposes so to have improved, wher-
ever said improvements are missing, are the following:

All of South 7th Street from a point 103.33 feet south
of the center line of Park Paseo to the north property
line of Franklin Avenue; all of South 8th Street from a
point 157 feet south of the center line of Park Paseo
to the north property line of Franklin Avenue; all of
Franklin Avenue from the east tract line of Vega Verde
Addition to its intersection with South 7th Street;
all of South 9th Street from a point 108 feet north of
the center line of Franklin Avenue to its intersection
with Franklin Avenue.

Section 4. That the special assessment district which it is proposed to create shall be designated
Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-4 and it shall include all the lots, premises and property
to the full depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said streets and parts of streets.

Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be
improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, on file in her office for public inspection and
examination.

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the City Hall in said City on Wednesday
the 15th day of November, 1950, at the hour of 3:30 o'clock, P.M. to hear and consider any suggestions and ob-
jections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto.
Objections to said proposed improvements, or matters relating thereto, may be filed in writing in the office of
the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, diagrams, and
plans with the City Clerk for examination, of the proposed improvement or work, of the location of the improve-
ment, of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any suggestions and
objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements. Said notice shall be given by
publication for at least two weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City of
Las Vegas, every day each week except Saturday, by fourteen insertions therein, and at least fifteen days prior
to said meeting by posting said notices in at least three public places in each ward and also by posting said
notice in or near said post office of said City and by posting notices in three public places near the site of
said proposed work. Said notice shall be in substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF DETERMINATION AND INTENTION TO PAVE, CURB AND GUTTER CERTAIN STREETS AND PARTS THEREOF, TO CREATE
STREET IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-4, AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE COST BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS. AND OF
THE HEARING THEREON

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 25th, 1950, the Board of Commissioners and Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved an ordinance declaring the Board's determination to make certain public
improvements by grading and paving certain and parts of streets therein with an oil bound gravel pavement, and
by constructing curbs and gutters on both sides thereof, wherever said improvements are missing, including
alley approaches, together with such appurtenances as may be required, to create a special assessment district
designated Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-4 therefor, and to defray the entire cost and expense
thereof by special assessments made according to frontage against the owners and the assessable lots. premises
and property specially benefited by such improvements and included within said district.

The streets and parts of streets so proposed to be improved are:

All of South 7th Street from a point 103.33 feet south
of the center line of Park Paseo to the north property
line of Franklin Avenue; all of South 8th Street from a ;
point 157 feet south of the center line of Park Paseo
to the north property line of Franklin Avenue; all of
Franklin Avenue from the east tract line of Vega Verde
Addition to its intersection with South 7th Street;
all of South 9th Street from a point 108 feet north of
the center line of Franklin Avenue to its intersection
with Franklin Avenue.

Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-4 shall include all the lots, premises and property to
the full depth of such fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said street and parts of streets.

Said ordinance adopted and approved October 25, 1950, and the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and
licality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, are on file for public inspection
and examination in the office of the City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada, and all persons interested are hereby
referred to the same for further information.

Said Board of Commissioners will meet at the City Hall at the comer of Stewart and Fifth Streets in the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 15th day of November. 1950, at 3:30 o'clock, P.M., to hear and consider any
suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters
relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto may be filed in
writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting. Unless the owners of more than one-
half of the frontage to be assessed shall file written objections thereto, such work shall be ordered.

DATED this 25th day of October, 1950

Shirley Ballinger______________________________

City Clerk

s/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

Section 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolution and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders, resolution
and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall, for
any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgement shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remain-
ing provisions of this ordinance but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences,
clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity
of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or
prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to meet
the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise
funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that his ordin-
ance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordin-
ance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 25th day of October, 1950.

s/ E. W. Cragin__________________________

Mayor

(SEAL)
Shirley Ballinger__________________

City Clerk

s/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

Commissioner Peccole then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question
being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":

Commissioner______Bunker___________,

Commissioner______Moore____________,

Commissioner______Peccole__________,

Commissioner______Whipple__________, and

Mayor	________Cragin_________.

Those voting "Nay":

None

—

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Moore, and seconded by Commissioner Peccole, that all rules of
this Board which night prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at this
meeting be and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption
of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll was
called with the following result;

Those voting "Aye":

Commissioner	Bunker__________,

Commissioner_________Moore__________,

Commissioner	Peccole_________,

Commissioner________Whipple_________, and

Mayor	Cragin__________.

Those voting "Nay":

None

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Moore then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full at this meet-
ing be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Peccole seconded the motion, and the question being upon the
placing of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":

Commissioner________Bunker__________,

Commissioner	Moore

Commissioner________Peccole_________,

Commissioner________Whipple_____________,	and

Mayor ______________Cragin___________

Those voting "Nay":

None

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final passage.

Commissioner Moore then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and as an emergency
ordinance. Commissioner Peccole seconded the motion. The question being upon the passage and adoption of
said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":

Commissioner	Bunker	,

Commissioner_______Moore

Commissioner	Peccole________,

Commissioner_______Whipple________, and

Mayor	________Cragin_________.

Those voting "Nay":

_________None___________.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that four commissioners having voted in favor thereof, said
motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

On motion duly adopted, it was ordered that said emergency ordinance be numbered 434, and after approval
by the Mayor shall be published as in said ordinance designated, and shall be recorded according to law.

There being no further business to come before the Board of Commissioners, the meeting was, on motion duly
made, seconded and carried, adjourned.

s/ E. W. Cragin___________________________

Mayor

(SEAL)



Shirley Ballinger_____________________________

City Clerk

s/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

Emergency Ordinance ho. 434 copied into City of Las Vegas Commissioner's Minute Book No. 7

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss.

_____Carl Woodbury	, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Auditor

of the LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said
newspaper for a period of 14 insertions, from October 29, 1950 to November 13, 1950 inclusive, being the issues
of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: October 29, 30, 31; November 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 3, 9, 10,

2. 13. 1950. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named

s/ Carl R. Woodbury______________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th day of November, 1950.

s/ Neola Gierhart________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires April 14, 1954.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO.

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEV-
ADA, TO MAKE CERTAIN PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS IN SAID CITY BY INSTALLING A COMPLETE STREET LIGHTING SYSTEM ALONG A
CERTAIN STREET, TO CREATE STREET IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HO. 100-7 FOR THE PURPOSE OF MAKING SAID IM-
PROVEMENTS; AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE COST AND EXPOSE THEREOF BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS MADE ACCORDING TO FRONT-
AGE: FIXNG A TIME IN WHICH PROTESTS AGAINST THE PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS OR THE CREATION OF SUCH DISTRICT MAY
BE HEARD AND CONSIDERED BY SAID BOARD; DIRECTING NOTICE THEREOF TO BE GIVEN; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS RE-
LATING THERETO.

WHEREAS, a certain street in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is without adequate street lighting, and

WHEREAS, certain proceedings were heretofore taken by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
to make the said improvements and to levy an assessment to defray the cost of making the same, and

WHEREAS, the bonds for said improvements are not saleable due to the lack of a favorable opinion by bond-
ing attorneys, and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has determined that it is for the best in-
terests of the City that the proceedings heretofore taken be abandoned and that the steps for the creation of the
assessment district and the construction therein of improvements be started anew, and

WHEREAS, the said Board of Commissioners deems it expedient and for the best interests of said City to
improve that certain street hereinafter particularly described by installing thereon a complete street
lighting system, and

WHEREAS, said Board deems it expedient and desirable to create Street Improvement Assessment District
No. 100-7 for the purpose of making said improvements, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof
by special assessments made according to the frontage against the owners and the assessable lots premises, and
property specially benefited by such improvements, and included within said district; and

WHEREAS, there is not included within said district any lands belonging to the City of public grounds
rot taxable, and in no case does the estimated amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premise
for said improvements exceed 50% of the value of such lot or premise as shown upon the latest tax list or
assessment roll for State and County tax, and

WHEREAS, in the judgment of the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas, it is fair and equit-
able that no portion of said cost and expense be borne by the City from its general funds; and

WHEREAS, at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the 11th
lay of October, 1950, upon motion of Commissioners Moore and duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and un-
animously carried, a resolution was adopted and approved, directing the City Engineer to made estimates of
the expense thereof and plats, diagrams and plans of work and of the locality to be improved, and to file
such estimates, plats, diagrams and plans with the City Clerk for public examination, and

WHEREAS, on the 18th day of October, 1950, said estimates, plats, diagrams and plans were so filed.

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:
Section 1. That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, and State of Nev-
ada, does hereby declare its determination to make certain public improvements by installing along that
certain street hereinafter described a complete street lighting system, to create a special assessment dis-
trict therefor, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments made according to
frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such
improvements and included within said district.

Section 2. That the Board proposes to improve said street by constructing thereon street lighting
facilities which include concrete bases, steel standards, mercury vapor luminaires and single overhead wire
and series lighting system, together with such appurtenances as may be required, as more particularly shown
by the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved now on file in the office of the. City
Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the certain street which the Board proposes so to have improved, is the following.

All of South Main Street from its intersection with
South Fifth Street to its junction with the south
property line of Carson Avenue.

Section That the special assessment district which it is proposed to create shall be designated
Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-7, and it shall include all the lots, premises and property,
to the full depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said street.

Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality
to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof on file in her office for public inspection
and examination.

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the City Hall in said City on
Wednesday the 15th day of November, 1950, at the hour of 3:30 o'clock, P.M., to hear and consider any sugges-
tions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters
relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be filed
in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, diagrams,
and plans with the City Clerk for examination, of the proposed improvement or work, of the location of the
improvement, of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any sug-
gestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements. Said notice
shall be given by publication for at least two weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published
 in said City of Las Vegas, every day each week except Saturday , by fourteen insertions therein, and
at least fifteen days prior to said meeting by posting said notices in at least three public places in each
ward and also by posting said notice in or near said post office of said City and by posting notices in three
public places near the site of said proposed work. Said notice shall be in substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF DETERMINATION AND INTENTION TO INSTALL A COMPLETE STREET LIGHTING SYSTEM, TO CREATE STREET
IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-7, AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE COST BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS, AND OF THE
HEARING THEREON.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 25th, 1950, the Board of Commissioners and Mayor of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved an ordinance declaring the Board's determination to make certain
public improvements by installing along that certain street hereinafter described a complete street lighting
system composed of concrete bases, streel standards, mercury vapor luminaires, single overhead wire, and ser-
ies lighting system together with such appurtenances as may be required, to create a special assessment dis-
trict designated Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-7 therefor, and to defray the entire cost
and expense thereof by special assessments made according to frontage against the owners and the assessable
lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements and included within said district.

The street so proposed to be improved is:

All of South Main Street from its intersection with
South Fifth Street to its junction with the south
property line of Carson Avenue.

Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-7 shall include all the lots, premises and property to
the full depth of such fronting adjoining and abutting upon said street.

Said ordinance adopted and approved October 25th, 1950, and the plats, diagrams and plans of the work
and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, are on file for public in-
spection and examination in the office of the City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada, and all persons interested
are hereby referred to the same for further information.

Said Board of Commissioners will meet at the City Hall at the corner of Stewart and Fifth Streets In
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 15th day of November, 1950 at 3:30 o'clock, P.M., to hear and consider
any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or
ary matters relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto,
may be filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting. Unless the owners
of more than one-half of the frontage to be assessed shall file written objections thereto, such work shall
be ordered.

DATED this 25th day of October, 1950 .

Shirley Ballinger__________________________

City Clerk

s/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

Section 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders, resolu-
tions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall,
for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the
remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sen-
tences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and
invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall
not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instance.
Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to meet
the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds
to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance
is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final read-
ing and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance
shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 25th day of October, 1950.

s/	E. W. Cragin

Mayor

Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

s/ Petty Funston	

Deputy City Clerk

Commissioner Bunker then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question being
upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those	voting	"Aye":

Commissioner	Bunker________________________,

Commissioner______Moore	,

Commissioner______Peccole	,

Commissioner______Whipple____________________________,	and

Mayor	_____Cragin	.

Absent ___________None

Those	voting	"Nay":	None__________________________

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Bunker that all rules of this
Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting
be and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said emergency
ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll was called
with the following	result:

Those voting	"Aye":

Commissioner	Bunker________________________,

Commissioner	Moore_________________________,

Commissioner_______Peccole_______________________,

Commissioner_______Whipple	,	and

Mayor	____________Cragin	.

Absent	None _________________________.

Those voting	"Nay":	None	.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full at this meeting
be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Bunker seconded the motion, and the question being upon the placing
of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting	"Aye":

Commissioner	Bunker________________________,

Commissioner______Moore_________________________,

Commissioner	Peccole	,

Commissioner______Whipple	and

Mayor	Cragin________________________

Absent:	None

Those voting	"Kay":	None

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final passage.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and as an emergency
ordinance. Commissioner Bunker seconded the motion. The question being upon the passage and adoption of said
ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting	"Aye":

Commissioner	Bunker

Commissioner________Moore	,

Commissioner	Peccole

Commissioner	Whipple__________________, and

Mayor	Cragin	.

Absent:	None_____________________.

Those voting	"Nay":	None________________________.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that four Commissioners having voted in favor thereof, said
motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

On motion duly adopted, it was ordered that said emergency ordinance be numbered 435, and after approval
by the Mayor shall be published as in said ordinance designated, and shall be recorded according to law.

There being no further business to come before the Board of Commissioners, the meeting was, on motion
duly made, seconded and carried, adjourned.

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk

Emergency Ordinance No. 435 copied into City of Las Vegas Commissioners' Minute Book No. 7

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK )ss.

__________Carl Woodbury_______________________, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: That he is Auditor

of the LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada , and that the. attached was continuously published
in said newspaper for a period of 2 insertions from October 29, 1950 to November 5, 1950 inclusive, being the
issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: October 29 and November 5, 1950. That said news-
paper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

s/_______Carl R. Woodbury______________________________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day of November, 1950.

s/	Neola Gierhart

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires April 14, 1954.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO 436

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

NEVADA, TO MAKE CERTAIN PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING A SANITARY SEWER ALONG

CERTAIN STREETS, EASEMENTS, ALLEYS AND PORTIONS THEREOF: TO CREATE SANITARY SEWER IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT

DISTRICT NO 200-1 FOR THE PURPOSE OF MAKING SAID IMPROVEMENTS, AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE COSTA AND EXPENSE



THEREOF BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT MADE ACCORDING TO FRONTAGE, FIXING A TIME IN WHICH PROTESTS AGAINST THE PROPOSED

IMPROVEMENTS OF THE CREATION OF SUCH DISTRICT MAY BE HEARD AND CONSIDERED BY SAID BOARD, DIRECTING NOTICE THERE-

OF TO BE GIVEN AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

WHEREAS, certain areas in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, are without adequate sewer improvements, and

WHEREAS, certain proceedings were heretofore taken BY the Board of Commissioners of the City of Das Vegas
to make the said improvements and to levy an assessment to defray the cost of making the same, and

WHEREAS, the bonds for said improvement are not saleable due to the lack of a favorable opinion by hord-
ing attorneys, and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has determined that it is for the best
interests of the City that the proceedings heretofore taken be abandoned and that the steps for the creation
of the assessment district and the construction therein of improvements be started anew, and

WHEREAS, the said Board of Commissioners deems it expedient and desirable to create Sanitary fewer
Assessment District No. 200-1 for the purpose of installing along certain streets, easements, alleys and
portions thereof, hereinafter particularly described, a sanitary sewer composed of vitrified clay pipe, and
to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments made according to frontage against the
owners and assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements and included
within said district, and

WHEREAS, there is not included within said district any lands belonging to the City or public rounds
not taxable, and in no case does the estimated amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premise for
said improvements exceed 50% of the value of such lot or premise as shown up on the latest tax list or assess-
ment roll for State and County tax, and

WHEREAS, in the judgement of the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas, it is fair and equit-
able that no portion of said cost and expense be borne by the City from its general funds; and

WHEREAS, at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the 11th
day of October, 1950, upon motion of Commissioner Moore and duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and unan-
imously carried, a resolution was adopted and approved directing the City Engineer to make estimates of the
expense thereof and plats, diagrams and plans of work and of the locality to be improved, and to file such
estimates, plats, diagrams and plans with the City Clerk for public examination, and

WHEREAS, on the 18th day of October, 1950, said estimates, plats, diagrams and plans were so filed.

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, does hereby declare its
determination to make certain public improvements by installing a sanitary sewer along certain streets,
easements, alleys and portions thereof, to create a special assessment district therefor, and to defray the
entire cost and expense by special assessments made according to frontage against the owners and upon the
assessable lots and premises specially benefited by such improvements and included within said district.

Section 2. That the Board proposes to make said improvements by installing a sanitary sewer in and along
certain streets, easements, alleys and portions thereof, said sewer to be composed of eight inch vitrified
clay pipe, together with such appurtenances as may be required, as is more particularly shown by the plats,
diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved, now on file in the office of the City Clerk of
the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the streets, easements, alleys and portions thereof, in and along which the Board pro-
poses to install eight inch vitrified clay pipe, are the following:

In alley between Walnut Avenue and Mesquite Avenue
from a point 70 feet east of the east property line
of Bruce Avenue to 19th Street; in alley between
Mesquite Avenue and Cedar Avenue from a point 70 feet
east of the east property line of Bruce Avenue to 21st
Street; in alley between Poplar Avenue and Elm Avenue
from a point 70 feet east of the east property line of
Bruce Avenue to 21st Street; in alley between Elm Avenue
and Marlin Avenue from a point 70 feet east of the east
property line of Bruce Avenue to 21st Street; in alley
between Stewart Avenue and Marlin Avenue from Bruce
Avenue to existing line 80.5 feet west of center line
of 23rd Street; On Ash Avenue from a point 87 feet east
of the center line from 21st Street to 23rd Street; on
Marlin Avenue from Bruce Street 195 feet west; in alley
between 14th Street and 15th Street from Ogden Avenue
207 feet north; in easement between 14th Street and 15th
Street from a point 125 feet south of the center line of
Marlin Avenue to a point 125 feet north of the center
line of Stewart Avenue, then easterly to 15th Street;
in alley between 12th Street and 13th Streets from
Stewart Street 145 feet north.

Section 4. That the special assessment district which it is proposed to create shall be designated
Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District Ho. 200-1 and it shall include all the lots, premises and pro-
perty to the full depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said streets, easements, alleys and
portions thereof.

Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to
be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, on file in her office for public inspection
and examination.

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the City Hall in said City on
Wednesday the 15th day of November, 1950, at the hour of 3:30 o'clock, P.M., to hear and consider any sugges-
tions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters
relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements or any matters relating thereto, may be filed
in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, diagrams,
and plans with the City Clerk for examination, of the proposed improvement or work, of the location of the
improvement, of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any sug-
gestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements. Said notice
shall be given by publication for at least two weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper
published in said City of Las Vegas every day each week except Saturday, by fourteen insertions therein, and
at least fifteen days prior to said meeting by posting said notices in at least three public places in each
ward and also by posting said notice in or near said post office of said City and by posting notices in three
public places near the site of said proposed work. Said notice shall be in substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF DETERMINATION AND INTENTION TO INSTALL A SANITARY SEWER SYSTEM ALONG CERTAIN STREETS, EASE-
MENTS, ALLEYS AND PORTIONS THEREOF; TO CREATE SANITARY SEWER ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 200-1, AND TO DEFRAY
THE ENTIRE COST BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS, AND OF THE HEARING THEREFOR.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 25th, 1950, the Board of Commissioners and Mayor of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved an ordinance declaring the Board's determination to make certain
public improvements by installing a sewer system along certain streets, easements, alleys and portions thereof,
composed of eight inch vitrified clay pipe, together with such appurtenances as may be required, to create a
special assessment district designated Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-1 therefor,
and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments made according to frontage against
the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements and included
within said district.

The streets, easements, alleys and portions thereof along which an eight inch vitrified clay pipe in-
stallation is so proposed, are:

In alley between Walnut Avenue and Mesquite Avenue
from a point 70 feet east of the east property line
of Bruce Avenue to 19th Street; in alley between
Street; in alley between Poplar Avenue and Elm Avenue
from a point 70 feet east of the east property line of
Bruce Avenue to 21st Street; in alley between Elm Avenue
end Marlin Avenue from a point 70 feet east of the east
property line of Bruce Avenue to 21st Street; in alley
between Stewart Avenue and Marlin Avenue from Bruce
Avenue to existing line 80.5 feet west of center line
of 23rd Street; on Ash Avenue from a point 87 feet east
of the center line from 21st Street to 23rd Street; on
Marlin Avenue from Bruce Street 195 feet west; in alley
between 14th Street and 15th Street from Ogden Avenue
207 feet north; in easement between 14th Street and 15th
Street from a point 125 feet south of the center line of
Marlin Avenue to a point 125 feet north of the center
line of Stewart Avenue, then easterly to 15th Street;
in alley between 12th Street and 13th Street from
Stewart Street 145 feet north.

Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-1 shall include all the lots, premises and property to
the full depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said streets, easements, allays and portions
thereof.

Said ordinance adopted and approved October 25th. 1950, and the plats diagrams and plans of the work
and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, are on file for public
inspection and examination in the office of the City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada, and all persons interested
are hereby referred to the same for further information.

Said Board of Commissioners will meet at the City Hall at the comer of Stewart and Fifth Streets in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 15th day of November, 1950, at 3:30 o'clock, P.7., to hear and consider
any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or
any matters relating thereto, may be filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to
said meeting. Unless the owners of more than ore-half of the frontage to be assessed shall file written
objections thereto such improvement or work shall be ordered.

DATED this 25th day of October, 1950.

Shirley Ballinger_____________________________________

City Clerk

s/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

Section 7. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders, resolutions
and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 8. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall,
for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate
the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall confined in its operation to the specific sections,
sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability
and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall
not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instance.

Section 9. That by reason of the fact that the sewer system of the City of Las Vegas is inadequate to
meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to
raise funds to extend said sewer system, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and
that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 10. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
shall cause this ordinance to be published one a week for two successive weeks immediately following
final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and
this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication thereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 25th day of October, 1950.

s/ E. W. Cragin___________________________________________

Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

s/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

Commissioner Moore then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question being
upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting

Commissioner	Bunker

Commissioner	Moore

Commissioner	Peccole

Commissioner 	Whipple

Mayor	Cragin	

Absent:	None

Those voting "Nay":			None



Thereupon, the presidinh officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and adopted
It was then moved by Commissioner Bunker and seconded by Commissioner Moore that all rules of this Board

which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be
and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said emergency

ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll was called
with the following result:

Those voting	"Aye":

Commissioner	Bunker

Commissioner	Moore

Commissioner	Peccole

Commissioner	Whipple, and

Mayor	Cragin

Absent:	None

Those voting	"Nay":	None

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Bunker then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full at this meeting
be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Moore seconded the motion, and the question being upon the placing
of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting	"Aye":

Commissioner	Bunker

Commissioner	Moore

Commissioner	Peccole

Commissioner	Whipple

Mayor	Cragin

Absent:	None

Those voting	"Nay":	None

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final passage.

Commissioner Bunker then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and as an emergency
ordinance. Commissioner Moore seconded the motion. The question being upon the passage and adoption of said
ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting	"Aye":

Commissioner	Bunker

Commissioner	Moore

Commissioner	Peccole

Commissioner__________Whipple_______________________,	and

Mayor	Cragin

Absent:	None	.

Those voting	"Nay":	None

The presiding officer thereupon declared that four Commissioners having voted in favor thereof, said
motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

On motion duly adopted, it was ordered that said emergency ordinance be numbered 436, and after approval
by the Mayor shall be published as in said ordinance designated, and shall be recorded according to law. 

There being no further business to come before the Board of Commissioner, the meeting was, on motion duly
made, seconded and carried, adjourned.	

Mayor

Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

s/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

Emergency Ordinance No. 436 copied into City of Las Vegas Commissioners' Minute Book.

AFFADAVIT OF PUBLICATION



Carl Woodbury, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Auditor of

the LAS VEGAS REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las



