feet from the front lot line nor less than twenty-five (25) feet from any other lot line, Accessory living
quarters, guesthouse, or a recreation room may be erected above a private garage in accordance with the
provisions of this ordinance.

(b)	Private horse stables, provided not more than one horse is stabled or kept for each one quarter
(¼) acre of land area included in the building site and provided further that no stable or corral shall be
closer than fifty (50) feet to any dwelling, school, park, side street or road.

6.	The following uses, upon the securing of a use permit in each case, as provided in Section XXII
of this ordinance:

(a)	Public and quasi-public uses, churches, public utilities and services, radio broadcasting fac-
ilities .

(b)	Real Estate offices, temporary only.

7.	Name Plates and Signs: One name plate for each dwelling unit, not exceeding three (3) square feet
in area, indicating the name of the occupant or permitted occupation; one unlighted single or double-faced
sign not exceeding twelve (12) square feet in area and located not nearer than ten (10) feet to any street or
highway, and pertaining only to the prospective rental or sale or the identification of the property on which
it is located or to the products produced on the premises; and one or more signs, not exceeding three (3)
square feet in area, warning against trespassing.

B.	Building Height Limit:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	Building Site Area Required:

The minimum building site area shall be one recorded lot or a parcel of land not less than one-
half (½) acre in area for each one-family dwelling.

D.	Front Yard Required:

No building shall be erected closer than fifty (50) feet to either the front property line of the
building site or the line of any future street as provided in Section XX or as shown upon any official street
plan, or Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas.

E.	Side Yard Required:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten (10) percent of the
width of the lot, but such a side yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet and shall not be less than five
(5) feet in width.

F.	Rear Yard Required:

There shall be a rear yard of not less than twenty-five (25%) percent of then depth of the lot.
SECTION X: R-1 (SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENCE) DISTRICT REGULATIONS.

A.	Uses permitted:

1.	One-family dwellings of a permanent character, placed in apartment location.

2.	The following agricultural uses: Field crops, truck gardening, berry or bush crops, tree crops,
flower gardening, orchards, greenhouses, for purposes of propagation and culture when incidental
to the residential use of the property and not for commercial purposes, but excluding small
livestock farming.

3.	Uses customarily incidental to any of the above uses, including home occupations or the office of
a physician, dentist, minister of religion or other similar profession, provided (a) that such
office is situated in the same dwelling unit as the home of the occupant; (b) that such office
shall not be used for the general practice of medicine, surgery, dentistry, but may be used for
consultation and emergency treatment as an adjunct to a principle office; and (c) that there shall
be no assistants employed.

4.	Accessory buildings and uses incidental to each single-family dwelling when placed upon the same
lot or parcel of land and not used or operated commercially, but not including guest houses,
accessory living quarters or accessory dwellings.

5.	The following additional uses, subject to the issuance of a use permit in each case as provided
in Section XXII of this ordinance:

(a)	Public and quasi- public uses, churches.

(b)	Real Estate offices, temporary only.

B.	Building Height Limit:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	Building Site Area Required:

The minimum building site area for each one-family dwelling shall be seven thousand (7,000)
square feet; the minimum frontage shall be sixty (60) feet and the minimum depth shall be one hundred (100)
feet, except in the case of recorded lots which can be used as provided in Section VI of this Ordinance.

D.	Front Yard Required:

No building shall be erected closer than twenty-five (25) feet to either the front property line
of the building site or the line of any future street as provided in Section XX or as shown upon any official
street plan, or Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas.