(a)	No aboveground tank shall be filled with or used for the storage of flammable
liquids, if the distance between the shell thereof and the nearest adjoining pro-
perty line that may built upon is less than one half the diameter of the tank and
in no event, if the distance is less than ten (10) feet; provided, however, that
tanks erected and in use for the storage of flammable liquids at the date of
passage of this ordinance shall be deemed to comply with this section.

(b)	The minimum distance between shells of any two all-steel, gas-tight tanks
shall be not less than one—half the diameter of the smaller tank, except that
for tanks of 50,000 gallons or less, such distance shall be not less than three

(3)	feet regardless of diameter.

(d)	Section 954 is amended by adding to the first sentence thereof the first sentence thereof
the words "or vacuum and pressure relief valves."

(e)	Section 960 (e) is amended by deleting sub-section in its entirety and substituting
the following:

Installation of Tanks for Class III liquids Inside Buildings.

(a)	Oil supply tanks larger than 60 gallons capacity shall not be located in
buildings above the lowest story, cellar or basement.

(b)	Unenclosed inside storage tanks and auxiliary tanks shall not be located
within seven (7) feet, horizontally, of any fire or flame.

(c)	Oil supply tanks located inside buildings shall not exceed 275 gallons in-
dividual capacity or 550 gallons aggregate capacity in an individual building,
or in sections of a building separated by fire walls, unless installed in an
enclosure or casing constructed as follows:

The walls of the enclosure shall be constructed of reinforced concrete at
least six (6) inches thick or of brick at least eight (8) inches thick. Such
enclosures shall be installed only on concrete or other fire resistive floors
and shall be bonded to the floors, Enclosures shall have tops of reinforced
concrete at least five (5) inches thick or equivalent fire-resistive construc-
tion, except that where floor or roof construction above the enclosure is
concrete or other fire resistive construction the walls may be extended to and
bonded to the underside of the construction above in lieu of the provision
of a separate top. Any openings to such enclosures shall be provided with fire
doors or other approved closures. Provision shall be made for adequate venti-
lation of such enclosures prior to entering for inspection or repairs on tanks.

Instead of an enclosure as above described the tank may be encased in rein-
forced concrete not less than six (6) inches in thickness, applied directly
to the tank so as to completely eliminate any air space.

(d)	In buildings of ordinary construction the nominal gross capacity of
tanks shall not exceed 5,000 gallons.

(e)	In fire-resistive buildings the nominal gross capacity of the tanks shall
not exceed 15,000 gallons.

(f)	In any building, if in a fire-resistive or detached room cut off verti-
cally and horizontally in an approved manner, from other floors of the main
building, the nominal gross capacity of tanks shall not exceed 50,000 gallons,
with an individual tank capacity not exceeding 25,000 gallons.

(f)	Section 972 is amended by deleting the first sentence of the second paragraph
and substituting the following:

Vent openings for aboveground tanks containing Class I or Class II liquids
shall be provided with approved flame arresters or vacuum and pressure
relief valves.

(g)	Section 986 is amended by deleting paragraph 8 and substituting the following:

Every tank having a total capacity in excess of 1,500 gallons and used for the
distribution of Class I flammable liquids to any premises to which the public
is invited shall be divided into compartments, no one of which shall exceed
1,200 gallons. A tolerance of ten (10%) per cent shall be allowed for capa-
cities of individual compartments or tanks

Bulkheads or compartments shall not be required in any tank used for trans-
portation service, regardless of total capacity, which, when loaded and transporting
its cargo over streets and highways will contain not less than 80 per cent of
the total tank capacity and will discharge its entire contents at one unloading
point, provided such tank is not used for the delivery of flammable liquids
to premises to which the public is invited.

Every tank, and every compartment over 90 inches in length, shall be provided
with baffles, the number of which shall be such that the linear distance
between any two adjacent baffles, or between any tank head or bulkhead and
the baffles nearest it, shall in no case exceed 60 inches.