(Ordinance No. 244 Continued)

types of business which fall within the classification mentioned in this section and pay his
license thereon according to the rates provided therefor in this section, and may treat
those types of business which fall within Section Eight of this ordinance as a separate
business or businesses and pay his license upon each such type of business according to
the provisions of Section Eight of this ordinance, without regard to the volume of business
done under such types of business upon which license shall be so paid according to the
rates mentioned in Section Eight of this ordinance.

Section 7. Each person, firm or corporation engaged in the telephone business, or
in the business of furnishing and supplying heating or illuminating gas to others through
gas mains, or electrical current for power, lighting, heating or domestic purposes, or
supplies water for domestic purposes to others through water mains, or operates any other
public utility shall pay a quarterly license tax therefor according to the following
schedule per annum: Each telephone company, $500.00: each gas company, $200.00; each
water company $400.00; each electric light company, $1500.00. This provision shall apply
to all persons, firms and corporations conducting the above mentioned businesses or any of
them, whether under permission and regulation of the Public Service Commission of the
State of Nevada, or otherwise.

This section shall not apply to water companies having monthly gross sales of less
than $3,000.00, which companies shall pay tax under Section 6 of this ordinance.

Section 8. The rates of license tax for businesses, trades, occupations and employ-
ments hereinafter named are hereby fixed in and for the City of Las Vegas and the same
shall be paid by any person engaged in or carrying on the same in said City, as follows:

(1) For each hand laundry employing one or more persons, $2.50 per quarter.

(2)	For each insurance agent, or real estate broker, or both, $10.00 per quarter.

(3)	For each shooting gallery, $25.00 per quarter.

(4)	For each brokerage establishment, $30.00 per quarter.

(5)	For every banker and bank with a capital of $100,000 or over (except National
banks), $30.00 per quarter.

For every banker or bank with a capital of less than $100,000 (except National
banks), $15.00 per quarter.

(6)	For each skating rink, $20.00 per quarter.

(7)	For each pawn shop, $50.00 per quarter.

(8)	For each employment or intelligence office, $25.00 per quarter.

(9)	Every person who operates a wrecking yard, junk yard, or out-of-door yard or

lot where used furniture, plumbing or other second-hand materials or merchandise are stored
for sale, shall pay a license fee of $25.00 per quarter. This section shall include all
out-of-door lots or yards upon which two or more used cars not in condition to operate
under their own power are permitted to remain for a period of thirty days or longer.

(10)	Every person who operates a used car lot, containing only cars capable of being
moved under their own power, shall pay a license fee of $10.00 per quarter, provided,
that without paying such license fee, one such lot may be maintained by each person or
firm who holds a State license as a new or used car dealer. The word "car" as used in
this section shall mean any automobile or gasoline propelled vehicle.

(11)	For each astrologer, palmist, seer, phrenologist, fortune teller, clairvoyant,
or spiritualist, who demands and receives a fee for his or her services, $100.00 per day.

(12)	For each merry-go-round or carrousel, $5.00 per day.

(13)	Any proprietor, lessee or manager of any traveling show, traveling skating rink,
circus, hippodrome, menagerie, or carnival intending to exhibit in the open air or under

a tent or in any public hall, club room, assembly hall or theatre, where movable scenery
and theatrical appliances are used, any performance or exhibition in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, shall pay to the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas, the sum of $100.00
as a license fee for the privilege of showing and exhibiting such traveling show, travel-
ing skating rink, circus, hippodrome, menagerie or carnival for each day; and upon payment
therefor said City Clerk shall issue license for the day or number of days so paid for.

Provided that nothing in this section contained shall be deemed or construed to re-
quire the holder of a theatre license to procure any additional license to conduct, main-
tain or carry on any theatrical or vaudeville performance when such performance is conduc-
ted at any such theatre so licensed.

(14)	For each patent medicine agency, $25.00 per quarter.

(15)	For each boot black stand permitted by Ordinance of the City, $3.00 per quarter.

(16)	For each lawyer, whether connected with or as a member of a firm, or practicing
by himself, $10.00 per quarter.

(17)	For each physician and/or surgeon, whether connected with a firm or hospital,
or practicing by himself, $10.00 per quarter.

(18)	For each dentist whether connected with or as a member of a firm, or practicing
by himself, $10.00 per quarter.

(19)	For each hotel, lodging house, rooming house, auto court or tourist camp as
defined hereunder, $5.00 per quarter for from four to eight guest rooms; from eight to
eighteen guest rooms, $10.00 per quarter; from eighteen to thirty guest rooms, $20.00 per
quarter; from thirty to fifty guest rooms, $30.00 per quarter; from fifty to eighty
guest rooms, $40.00 per quarter; above eighty guest rooms, $50.00 per quarter.

Every person, firm or association or corporation engaged in the business of keeping
or conducting an apartment house in the City of Las Vegas, shall pay for and obtain a
quarterly license to carry on such business as per schedule hereinafter recited in this
subdivision, namely: Those who have four (4) apartments and not exceeding eight (8)
apartments shall pay for such license the sum of $5.00 per quarter. And those who have
nine apartments and not exceeding eighteen apartments, shall pay for such license the sum