ORDINANCE NO. 233

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE ERECTION AND MAINTENANCE OF BILLBOARDS, ELECTRIC
SIGNS AND ALL OTHER KINDS OF OUTDOOR SIGNS, PROVIDING BOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS
THEREFOR AND INSPECTION THEREOF, FIXING THE FEES FOR ALL SUCH PERMITS AND INSPECTIONS
AND PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

BILLBOARDS AND OUTDOOR SIGNS

Sec. 1. Any billboard, placard notice or other form of outdoor advertisement erected,
placed, planted, posted or maintained otherwise than is provided in this ordinance
shall be deemed a public nuisance and shall be removed, effaced or destroyed by the
Police Department and other peace officers having authority wherever said nuisance may be
located.

Sec. 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to paste, print or in
any manner whatsoever place or attach to any building, fence, gate, bridge, rock, tree,
board structure or anything whatsoever within the limits of any street or alley; nor on
private property within the setback distance herein set forth, any written, printed, painted
or other outdoor advertisement, bill, notice, sign, picture, card or poster, without first
obtaining permit therefor from the building Inspector of the City of Las Vegas. Nothing
herein shall be construed as to prevent the posting or maintaining of any notices required
by law to be posted or maintained, the placing or maintaining of street or highway signs
or signs used to advertise business conducted on the property where sign is erected, pro-
vided the structural details are approved by the Building Inspector.

Sec. 3. Permits for the erection and maintenance of signs of the nature as set forth in
this ordinance shall be secured by application to the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
on forms provided which shall show thereon:

Name of owner of lot or premises and his written consent, location on said lot with re-
spect to property lines and nearby signs, name of person or firm who proposes to erect
and maintain sign, and statement to the effect that said permit is revokable should the
sign be abandoned or allowed to become unsafe or dangerous, or otherwise condemned, and
that owner will at all times maintain sign in safe condition and will remove same if
abandoned. Fees for permits shall be $2.00 for each separate structure, and	shall

be issued for the balance of the current year, and shall be renewable upon the payment
of an inspection fee of $1.00 for each year thereafter. For signs already erected, a
number shall be assigned upon payment of the $1.00 inspection fee if in proper location,
and if not, shall be considered as a new sign to be rebuilt in accordance with this
ordinance.

Sec. 4. Signs shall be classified according to their relations to street or alley as
parallel or angle. Parallel signs are those who face is parallel to the direction of
travel and if not supported by being attached to building or not used to advertise a
business being conducted on the same lot, must be at least ten (10) feet from the property
line adjacent to said street or alley. Angle signs, except double face or V-type signs
shall be treated the same as parallel signs, so far as a minimum distance is concerned:
V-type signs shall be considered double angle signs facing two directions connected or
joined structurally, and must be at least ten (10) feet from the property line adjacent
to street or alley, for regular billboard signs, and at an increased distance in propor-
tion to added height. For signs up to twelve (12) feet length 4 X 4 supports supports
spaced not more than five (5) feet must be used; for signs longer than twelve (12)
feet 4 X 6 supports spaced not more than eight (8) feet must be used; provided, metal
supports of size approved by Building Inspector may be used, and additional bracing on
all signs must be approved. All signs must be close to the ground, if on vacant or
unused property and more than six (6) square feet in area, and V-type signs shall be
closed both front and rear. Single-face signs and the back of all signs visible from street
or alley must be painted in a sightly manner. All signs must have metal face of at least
28 g. thickness, and must have proper	moulding	and framing around	sign in proportion	to

size of	sign. Ground space within ten	feet in	all direction from	the base of sign

structure must be kept free and clear of all weeds, rubbish and other inflammable waste
or material.

Sec. 5. The money collected for permits to erect and maintain signs as herein provided
shall be apportioned to the General Fund of the City.

Sec. 6.	All signs which do not comply	with the	provisions of this	ordinance shall be

made to	comply within sixty (60) days	from the	passage of this ordinance and if located

on public property, may be forthwith removed at owners' expense.

ELECTRIC AND BUILDING SIGNS

Sec. 7. (a) All signs extending out from the face of a building shall be installed in
the following manner and according to the Safety Orders and Ordinances of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. All signs shall be supported by appropriate
construction not on City property.

(b) All signs on the exterior of any building, whether electric or otherwise shall be
installed so as to be held rigidly in position, vertically and horizontally.

Sec. 8 GUYS AND SUPPORTING CABLES. Signs weighing 250 pounds or less shall be supported
by one or more galvanized steel cables not less than 1/4" in diameter. Signs weighing
more than 250 pounds shall be supported by two or more galvanized steel cables not less
than 3/8 inch in diameter each.

Sec. 9. SIDE GUYS. All signs shall be guyed by one or more right and by one or more
left side guys or galvanized steel cables not less than 1/4 inch in diameter.

The guys shall be figured for a wind pressure of not less than 20 pounds per square foot,
and shall make an angle of not less than 30° with the sign.