(Ordinance No. 238 Continued)

SECTION 8. It shall be unlawful for any person to permit any bicycle to remain
lying upon any sidewalk, or in any street or alley, or public grounds within the City
of Las Vegas. Any bicycle left lying or remaining upon any sidewalk, or in any
street or alley of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby declared to be a public nuisance,
and any police officer of said City is hereby authorized to remove such bicycle from
such sidewalk, street or alley.

SECTION 9. Every person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this
ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction shall be pun-
ishable by a fine of not more than three hundred dollars ($300.00), or by imprison-
ment in the City Jail for a period of not more than three (3) months or by both such
fine and imprisonment. In addition to the penalty hereinabove set forth, the Police
Department of the City of Las Vegas or any of the members thereof, may impound and
retain possession of any bicycle operated in violation of any of the provisions of
this ordinance.

SECTION 10. The City Clerk shall furnish the Police Department with a record of the
date of issue of each bicycle license, the name of the person to whom it was issued
and the number thereof, within twenty-four (24) hours of the time of issuance thereof.

SECTION 11. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of two
weeks.

ATTEST:			H. P. MARBLE

VIOLA BURNS	Mayor

City Clerk
(City Seal)

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted
this 17th day of June, A.D., 1938, by the following vote: Commissioners Krause,

Luce and Ronnow and his honor the Mayor, H.P. Marble, voting Aye. Voting no, none.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a recessed regular
meeting held on the 17th day of June, 1938, at which time it was proposed, con-
sidered and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas for a period
of once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading.

And, it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time at a regular meet-
ing of the Board held on the 4th day of August, 1938.

Voting aye; Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor,
the Mayor H. P. Marble.

Noes: none.

Absent: Non.	Approved:

H.	P. MARBLE

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

ATTEST:

Viola Burns	

City Clerk

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

ss

COUNTY OF CLARK )

James W. Squires being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Managing Editor
of LAS VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
City Ordinance #228 was published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks
from July 1 to July 8, 1938 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to wit: July 1 and 8, 1938.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named. That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $60.60.

Signed J. W. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of August, 1938.

C. D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires June 7, 1939.

(NOTARIAL SEAL)