(36)	For each drugless practitioner, provided, however, that this subdivision shall
not apply to persons who treat the sick through prayer or spiritual means, $10,00 per quarter.

(37)	For each chiropractor, $10.00 per quarter.

(38)	For each osteopath, $10.00 per quarter.

(39)	For each advertising business or advertising counsel, $10.00 per quarter.

(40)	For each collection agency or mercantile agency, $10.00 per quarter.

(41)	For each designer or decorator, $10.00 per quarter.

(42)	For each building contractor, $60.00 per annum, paid annually.

(43)	For each person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on the
business of paving or macadamizing contractor, $50.00 per quarter.

(44) For each cabinet shop, carpenter shop or upholstery shop, $5.00 per quarter.

(45) Any other contractor not specifically licensed by this or any other ordinance of
the City of Las Vegas, $60.00 per annum, paid annually.

(46)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of cold storage or
refrigeration plant for the purpose of storing fruits, vegetables, meats, fish, eggs or dairy
products, or any other merchandise, shall pay a quarterly license fee of $1.00 for each 1,000
square feet of floor area, or fraction thereof, with a minimum quarterly tax of $10.00.

(47)	The business of leasing or selling outdoor advertising space, whether billboard
or electrical signs, shall pay a license fee of $100.00 per annum.

(48)	The business of furnishing, distributing, or placing in use electrical advertising
signs, whether by lease, sale, or conditional sales contract, shall pay a license fee of
$100.00 per annum.

(49) Each locksmith shall pay a license fee of $10.00 per quarter, which shall be in
addition to the license tax upon any other business operated by him. The application for a
locksmith license, or any renewal thereof, shall first be presented to the Chief of Police
of the City of Las Vegas who shall fingerprint the applicant and require such other informa-
tion as to the identity of the applicant as will enable the Chief of Police to properly
investigate the applicant's character and reputation. Upon the completion of such investiga-
tion, the Chief of Police shall report his findings to the Board of Commissioners, together
with his endorsement upon the application of his approval or disapproval thereof. If it
shall appear to the Board of Commissioners that the applicant is of such character and repu-
tation that his exercise of the privileges of the license will not prejudice or be detrimental
to the public safety or welfare, said Board shall grant the application, and the City Clerk
shall thereupon issue the license upon the payment of the fee herein provided. No such
license shall be issued to any person, firm association or corporation other than the real
and actual proprietor of the business for which it is issued, and the application for such
license in case of a firm, copartnership or association shall state the names of the
copartners or associates, and in case of a corporation the name of the officers, directors,
stockholders and manager thereof, and all the requirements of this provision pertaining to

the fingerprinting, investigation and fitness of the applicant shall apply to all such persons.

(50) For each person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of house moving
a quarterly license fee of $25.00 shall be paid, and in addition thereto, he shall maintain
on deposit with the City Clerk a bond in the penal sum of $1,000	executed	by	a surety

company authorized to do business in the State of Nevada for	the	then current year, indemni-

fying the City against injury or damage to pavements or other public property, and all other
persons, firms or corporations, against injury or damage to person or property occurring
while any house is being moved into, along or off any public street. In the event of a
recovery by said City or any private person, firm or corporation on said bond, the said bond
or a similar substitute shall be restored immediately to said penal sum of $1,000.

(51)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of house wrecking
or salvaging, shall pay a quarterly license fee of $12.50 per quarter.

(52)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on	the	business	of	a natatorium	or

swimming pool or tank, where a fee or charge is made for the	use	thereof,	or	where rooms,

lockers or bathing suits are rented in connection therewith, shall pay an annual license fee
of $25.00.

(53)	Every automobile ticket agency or transportation agency, except when conducted
by the owner of the transportation agency line, shall pay a quarterly license fee of $7.50
per quarter. And such license fee shall be paid for such business even though the person
conducting such business or paying such license fee may at the same time and in the same
place, operate another business.

(54)	For every public stenographer, $5.00 per quarter. For the purpose of this
subdivision, a public stenographer is defined to be a person who makes a business of typing
for the general public or for persons other than himself or his immediate permanent employer.

(55)	For each insurance adjuster or insurance adjusting agency, $10.00 per quarter,
except that this subdivision shall not apply to regular insurance agents adjusting losses
for their own companies.

(56)	For each automobile reclaiming agency, $5.00 per quarter.

(57)	For each bail bond broker or bail bond brokerage business, $25.00 per quarter.

(58)	For each painting or decorating contractor, $50.00 per annum.

(59)	For each amusement park charging admission to the grounds, $5.00 per quarter.