Trailer Camp: A place equipped as in this ordinance providing for the parking
and accommodation of trailers.

Stall: A space set apart in a trailer camp, and equipped as in this ordinance
provided for the parking or accommodation of one trailer.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person to occupy or utilize for liv-
ing or sleeping quarters or business purposes, any trailer parked in the City of Las Vegas
other than in a stall at a trailer camp as herein defined unless hereinafter otherwise pro-
vided for, in this ordinance.

Section 3. It shall be unlawful for any person to park any trailer in any
street, alley or other public place within the City of Las Vegas, while occupying and
utilizing such trailer for living purposes, for more than twelve hours continuously or in
any one day.

Section 4. It shall be unlawful for the owner, occupant or other person
having charge or control of any lot or tract of land in the City of Las Vegas, other than
a trailer camp as herein defined to permit any person to occupy for living or sleeping
quarters or business purposes any trailer parked thereon; and it shall be unlawful for the
owner, proprietor or person in charge of a trailer camp to permit any trailer to be occu-
pied for living or sleeping quarters or business purposes at such camp, except when parked
in a stall as herein defined, provided nothing in this section shall be construed to pro-
hibit an owner of a lot or tract of land from parking his own trailer thereon and living
therein while constructing a house.

Section 5. Trailer camps may be maintained in the City of Las Vegas upon com-
pliance with the provisions of this ordinance and with all other applicable ordinances of
the city and not otherwise, providing that no trailer camps may be maintained within Las
Vegas Fire Zone #2, or any residential zone in the city of Las Vegas.

Section 6. Every trailer camp shall be graded and drained to prevent standing
water or muddy conditions. Every trailer camp shall provide at least Six hundred twenty-
five (625) square feet of ground per stall. Stalls shall be laid out in an orderly fashion
so that entrance and egress may be had to any stall at any time. Grounds shall be kept
clean of trash and garbage. All garbage shall be placed in water-tight metal containers
covered with fly-tight lids. Garbage cans shall be emptied and cleaned at least once a
week.

Every trailer camp shall have a cast-iron main sewer, which shall comply with
the rules and ordinances governing sewers connected with the public sewer system of the
city, and which shall be not less than four inches in diameter. The diameter of such main
sewer shall be increased one inch for each additional eight stalls, or fraction thereof, in
excess of sixteen. Each stall shall have an adequate drain intake, and a 2-inch grease
trap shall be installed between the intake of the drain and the main sewer of the camp;
provided that where there are stalls on both sides of an intake, two connections therewith
will be submitted and but one grease trap required for both. Standpipes shall be not less
than 2-inch galvanized pipe, which shall be threaded and shall be capped when not in use.

Each trap shall be vented with not less than 1 ½ inch galvanized pipe, not less than ten
feet high. 2-inch branch sewer lines shall not have more than four trailer connections
each and must be either cast or galvanized pipe. There shall be not less than one 4-inch
vent at the end of sewer line. There shall not be less than one toilet, one shower-bath;
and one lavatory for men and one toilet, one shower-bath and one lavatory for women, provided
for each eight stalls or fraction thereof. Toilet rooms, shower-baths, toilets and lava-
tories must be of sanitary construction, and must be kept clean and sanitary. All clean-
outs, vents, toilets and other plumbing shall conform strictly to the requirements of the
plumbing ordinance.

Where water taps are at each stall, the faucet shall be not less than eight-
een (18) inches above the drain connection. Water service shall be conveniently provided
from outdoor taps and shall be of safe quality and properly protected from contamination.

Trailer camps that furnish electric service must comply with the following re-
quirements: Electrical connections shall be governed by the National Electrical Code.

Each individual service to any trailer, truck, or automobile shall be considered as a ser-
vice entrance, but need not necessarily be equipped with meter trim. Each service entrance
shall be protected by a circuit breaker only, set at not over 35 amperes and may have a
branch circuit of not over 15 amperes protected by a circuit breaker of 15 amperes rating.
Circuit breakers, convenience outlets, or plug-in receptacles shall be of rain-tight con-
struction. Each service shall be grounded to a water-pipe with approved ground fitting.

The person in charge of any trailer camp shall reside upon the premises occu-
pied thereby or adjacent thereto, and a responsible adult person in authority shall be at
every trailer camp at all times when any trailer is parked thereat.	

	Section 7. It shall be unlawful for any person to operate or maintain any

trailer camp in the City of Las Vegas without first securing a license therefor from the
City of Las Vegas, the fee for which shall be a sum equal to fifty (50¢) cents per quarter
per stall, and which shall be in addition to all licenses and license fees required by the
ordinance of the City of Las Vegas. Such license shall be issued quarterly under the re-
ulations applicable to miscellaneous licenses in said city.

	Section 8. Any person violating any provision of this Ordinance shall be

punished by a fine in any sum less than Three Hundred ($300.00) Dollars, or by imprison-
ment not to exceed six (6) months in the city jail, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 9. Every trailer or trailer camp used, occupied or maintained in
the City of Las Vegas contrary to the provisions of this Ordinance is hereby declared to be