ORDINANCE NO. 219

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION THREE OF ORDINANCE NO. 201 ENTITLED "AND ORDINANCE REGULATING
THE SLAUGHTERING OF ANIMALS AND SANITARY CONDITIONS OF ALL PLACES DISPENSING FOOD AND REFRESHMENT
 TO THE PUBLIC; PROVIDING FOR THE INSPECTION OF MEATS AND MEAT PRODUCTS TO BE
POSSESSED AND SOLD IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS: PROHIBITING THE SALE AND POSSESSION OF UN-
INSPECTED MEATS FOR HUMAN FOOD; AUTHORIZING THE APPOINTMENT OF NEAT INSPECTORS: PROHIBITING
THE SALE OF MEAT AND MEST PRODUCTS BY UNLICENSED ESTABLISHMENTS AND PROVIDING A PENALTY
FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF" approved the fourth day of October, 1933, AS AMENDED.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1. Section Three of the above entitled Ordinance as amended is hereby amended
to read as follows:

Section 3. (a) No carcass of any animal mentioned in Section 1 hereof, which has not
been inspected and passed as herein provided and which has not been slaughtered in a licensed
establishment, where ante and post mortem inspection is possible shall be possessed in the
City of Las Vegas, offered for sale or possessed for human food, by any person, firm, corpor-
ation or association. All animals may be received for slaughter and inspection to be stamped
as herein provided licensed establishments within the City of Las Vegas where there is
on duty a veterinary inspector appointed under the department of Agriculture of the United
-States or a regular veterinarian inspector appointed under the provisions of this Act; pro-
vided, that all persons presenting said animals for inspection as herein provided, shall
also comply with all the laws of the State of Nevada providing for the inspection of hides
or the slaughtering of bovine animals, as provided in Chapter 58 of the Statutes of Nevada
1931.

(b)	The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered to license
one or more establishments within or adjacent to the City of Las Vegas where such carcasses
maybe slaughtered and inspected, provided such establishments comply with the sanitary
requirements established from time to time by the City Board of Health.

(c)	It shall be unlawful for any person to conduct, maintain or operate an establishment
for the slaughtering of animals or for the preparation of meat products to be offered for
sale in the City of Las Vegas without a permit from the Board of City Commissioners.

or

(d)	Any person desiring to operate and establish for the slaughtering of animals or for
the preparation of meat products shall make application to the Live Stock Inspector. The
Live Stock Inspector shall make an investigation to determine whether of not the location
is satisfactory and the rules and regulations mentioned in Section 14 of this Ordinance
and the laws rules, and regulations of the Federal and State governments affecting the
construction, equipment and sanitary maintenance of buildings and equipment of such estab-
lishments will be complied with and he shall recommend to the Board of City Commissioners
whether of not the applicant should be granted a permit.

(e)	The Board of City Commissioners will issue such permit only if it shall find that
the laws or ordinances of the United States, the State of Nevada, and the City of Las Vegas
affecting the location, construction, equipment and sanitary maintenance of buildings and
equipment of establishments for the slaughtering of animals or the preparation of meat
products are being or can be complied with and that the operation of the establishment will
comport with the public peace, health and safety.

(f)	The Live Stock Inspector shall, from time to time, by and with the approval of the
Board of City Commissioners, promulgate rules and regulations to control the location,
construction, and maintenance in a sanitary manner of establishments for the slaughtering
of animals or for the production of meat products.

(g)	The Live Stock Inspector shall provide for both ante-mortem and postmortem vet-
erinary inspection of all animals slaughtered in establishments for which permits have been
issued and for the inspection of carcasses or parts of carcasses and of food products
during the time of preparation, transportation and storage, He shall also provide for inspect-
ion and supervision of the sanitary form of construction and equipment, and sanitary main-
tenance of buildings and equipments, of the water supply, drainage, sewage, disposal of
refuse, and of the sanitary conduct of employees and sanitation of their clothing. All
slaughtering shall be conducted on weeks days between the hours of 7:00 A.M. and 6:00 P.M.
except in case of emergency and then only on permission obtained from the Live Stock Inspector,
and all preparation of meat food products shall be conducted within hours to be designated

by the Live Stock Inspector. Both slaughtering and preparation of meat food products shall
be conducted only upon such days as are designated by the Live Stock Inspector and in the
presence of himself or his duly authorized representative.

(h)	It shall be unlawful for any person to sell or offer for sale, transport or other-
wise dispose of, for human consumption in the City of Las Vegas, any carcass or animal herein
mentioned, or parts of carcasses of same, unless the same shall be identified by an "Inspect-
ion and Passed," or its equivalent, stamp or mark of the City of Las Vegas, Government of

the United States, State of Nevada, or city, county, or city and county of Nevada, maintain-
ing a regular meat inspection service under competent veterinary supervision for the proper
post mortem inspection of all animals slaughtered for the production of human food.

(i)	Any meat or meat products found by the Live Stock Inspector in the inspection pro-
vided for in this ordinance to be unfit for human food ar any carcass or parts of carcasses
sold or offered for sale contrary to the provisions hereof, shall be subject to confiscation
by the Live Stock Inspector or to treatment which shall satisfy him as to whether or not
the articles can be used for human food.