ORDINANCE NO. 240 Continued:

Section 15. Nothing in this ordinance shall be construed as prev-
enting the payment by the City Treasurer of the bonded indebtedness of the City
and the interest coupons thereof, or payment on account of street improvement
bonds and coupons in accordance with the laws authorizing the issuance of bonds.

Section 16. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 17. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this
ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once
each week for a period of two weeks.

ATTEST:	H. P. MARBLE

Mayor

VIOLA BURNS
City Clerk.

City Seal.

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in
full, and adopted this 4th day of August, A.D., 1938, by the following vote:

Commissioners Corradetti, Luce, Krause, Ronnow and His Honor,
the Mayor, H. P. Marble, voting Aye. Voting No, None. Absent None.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at
a regular meeting held on the 4th day of August, 1938, at which time it was pro-
posed, considered and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published
in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas for
a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first
reading. And, it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time at a
regular meeting of the Board held on the 7th day of September, 1938.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Krause, Luce, Ronnow and His Honor the
Mayor, H.P. Marble. Noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

Approved:

H. P. MARBLE

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

City Seal.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

( SS

COUNTY OF CLARK )

	 C. P. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is

Publisher of LAS VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the attached Ordinance No. 240, of the City of Las Vegas, was published in said
newspaper for a period of two weeks, from August 12, 1938 to August 19, 1938
inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

August 12 and 19, 1938.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named. That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $89.70.

Signed C. P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th day of Aug. 1938

C. D. BREEZE

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada.

My Commission Expires June 7, 1939.

(Notary Seal)