(h)	The words "Parking Meter Space" shall mean any space within a parking meter zone,
adjacent to a parking meter and which is duly designated for the parking of a single vehicle
by lines painted or otherwise durably marked on the curb or on the surface of the street
adjacent to or adjoining the parking meters.

Section 2. PARKING METER ZONE. The following named and described areas, streets, or
portions of streets and such other areas, streets, or portions of streets as may hereafter
be included in this section by amendment hereto, lying within the corporate limits of the
City of Las Vegas, shall constitute a Parking Meter Zone, namely: On Fremont Street from
Main to 8th Street; on Carson Street from Main to 5th; on Ogden Street from Main to 5th
Street; on Main Street between Carson and Ogden Streets; on 1st Street, 2nd Street, 4th
Street and 5th Streets, between Carson Street and Ogden Street; on 3rd Street between
Bridger Street and Stewart Street. All frontages in said squares, streets, or avenues
defining said zones to be included therein.

Section 3. DESIGNATION OF PARKING SPACES. The City Engineering Department in coop-
eration with the Chief of Police is hereby directed and authorized to mark off individual
parking spaces in the parking zones designated and described in Section 2 of this ordinance
and in such other zones as may hereafter be established, said parking spaces to be designated
by lines painted or durably marked on the curbing or surface of the street. At each space
so marked off it shall be unlawful to park any vehicle in such a way that said vehicle shall
not be entirely within the limits of the space so designated.

Section 4. INSTALLATION OF PARKING METERS. In said parking meter zones the City
Engineering Department in cooperation with the Chief of Police shall cause parking meters
to be installed upon the curb or sidewalk immediately adjacent to the parking spaces pro-
vided in Section 3 of this ordinance, said installation to be placed not more than two (2)
feet from the curb nor more than four (4) feet from the front line of the parking space as
indicated, and the Chief of Police shall be responsible for the regulation, control, operation
maintenance, and use of such parking meters. Each device shall be so set as to display a
signal showing legal parking upon the deposit of the appropriate coin or coins, lawful
money of the United States of America, for the period of time prescribed by this ordinance.

Each device shall be so arranged that upon the expiration of the lawful time limit it will
indicate by a proper visible signal that the lawful parking period has expired and in such cases
the right of such vehicle to occupy such space shall cease and the operator, owner, possessor
or manager thereof shall be subject to the penalties hereinafter provided.

Section 5. OPERATION OF PARKING METERS. Except in a period of emergency determined
by an officer of the Fire or Police Department, or in compliance with the directions of a
police officer or traffic control sign or signal, when any vehicle shall be parked in any
parking space alongside or next to which a parking meter is located, the operator of such
vehicle shall, upon entering the said parking meter space, immediately deposit or cause to
be deposited in said meter such proper coin of the United States as is required for such
parking meter and as is designated by proper directions on the meter, and when required
by the directions on the meter, the operator of such vehicle, after the deposit of the
proper coin or coins, shall also set in operation the timing mechanism on such meter in
accordance with directions properly appearing thereon, and failure to deposit such proper
coin, and to set the timing mechanism in operation when so required, shall constitute a
violation of this ordinance. Upon the deposit of such coin (and the setting of the
timing mechanism in operation when so required) the parking space may be lawfully occupied
by such vehicle during the period of time which has been prescribed for the part of the
street in which said parking space is located, provided that any person placing a vehicle
in a parking meter space adjacent to a meter which indicates that unused time has been left
in the meter by the previous occupant of the space shall not be required to deposit a coin
so long as his occupancy of said space does not exceed the indicated unused parking time.

If said vehicle shall remain parked in any such parking space beyond the parking time
limit set for such parking space, and if the meter shall indicate such illegal parking,
then, and in that event, such vehicle shall be considered as parking overtime and beyond
the period of legal parking time, and such parking shall be deemed a violation of this
ordinance.

Section 6. PARKING TIME LIMITS.

(a)	Said parking meter shall be operated in said parking meter zone every day between
the hours of 9:00 A.M. and 6:00 o'clock P.M., except Sundays and legal holidays; provided,
however, that within the meaning of this ordinance the term "holiday" shall include the
following days only: the first day of January, the 12th day of February, the 22nd day of
February, the 30th day of May, the 4th day of July, the first Monday in September, the
12th day of October, the 31st day of October, the 11th day of November, the 25th day of
December, and the day designated and set aside by the President of the United States, and/or
the Governor of the State of Nevada as a day of Thanksgiving (Thanksgiving Day).

(b)	Parking or standing a vehicle in a designated space in a parking meter zone shall
be lawful for twelve (12) minutes or more with a maximum of sixty (60) minutes, and upon
deposit of a one (1) one-cent coin of the United States of America for twelve (12) minutes,
or of a one (1) five-cent coin of the United States of America for sixty (60) minutes in
all parking meter zones.

(c)	The Chief of Police is hereby directed and authorized to mark off a loading and
unloading zone in the parking meter areas wherein commercial trucks nay park in the parking
zones to load or unload merchandise without depositing coins for a period up to and including
the hour of 10:00 A.M. Should any truck or delivery car be parked in said zone to load or
unload merchandise after the hour of 10:00 A.M. without depositing a coin, then, and in that
event, said violator will be given a ticket and classed as a violation and the legal penalty
imposed.

Section 7. VIOLATIONS. It shall be unlawful and a violation of the provisions of this
ordinance for any person.

(a)	TO cause, allow, permit or suffer any vehicle registered in the name of, or operated
by such person to be parked overtime, or beyond the period of legal parking time established
for any parking meter zone as herein described, or to deposit in any parking meter any coin for
the purposes of parking beyond the maximum legal parking time for the particular parking
meter zone.

(b)	To permit any vehicle to remain or be placed in any parking space adjacent to any