(Ordinance No. 244 Continued)

(68)	For each welding and/or iron works, $10.00 per quarter.

(69)	For each hair dressing or beauty parlor, or both, whether operated in con-
nection with a barber shop or separately, $10.00 per quarter.

(70)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of distributing
advertising samples, hand bills, dodgers or printed matter of any kind, shall pay a
quarterly license fee of $3.00 per quarter.

(71)	For each finance company, the sum of $40.00 per annum. For the purpose of
this subdivision, a finance company is defined to be any person, firm or corporation
other than banks, who makes a business of loaning to others for profit and who holds
himself out to the general public as such.

(71½) Every person, firm or corporation selling or distributing gasoline, motor
fuel oil of any kind, or lubricating oil of any kind, within the City of Las Vegas, not
for use as motor fuel for motor vehicles upon the highways of this State, or not to be
exported from this State or sold to the government of the United States for official use
of such government, shall pay a license fee of $30.00 per quarter. And no such person,
firm, corporation or dealer in such gasoline, motor fuel oil or lubricating oil shall be
required to include in his volume of business, the amount of any such gasoline, motor
fuel oil or lubricating oil sales under any license fee paid under the provisions of
Section Six of this ordinance.

(72)	Every person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on any
business not specifically licensed by this ordinance or any other ordinance of the City
of Las Vegas, shall pay a quarterly license fee of $25.00 per quarter.

For the purpose of this ordinance, an auto court or tourist camp is defined as a
place, other than a regular hotel or apartment house, where sleeping accommodations
in small buildings are rented to the general public, and whenever more than three cabins
or small buildings are situated in close proximity to each other and are owned or oper-
ated by the same person and are rented to the general public, either by the day, week,
month or year, and whether to transients or permanent residents of the City of Las Vegas,
the same shall be considered to be a tourist camp or auto court.

Nothing in this ordinance contained shall be deemed or construed as applying to
any person engaged in any of the professions or occupations hereinbefore enumerated
solely as an employee of any other person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or
carrying on any such business in the City of Las Vegas, unless specifically so provided
herein.

Section 9. The license tax imposed by this ordinance shall be deemed a debt due
to said City of Las Vegas from and against any person who commences, carried on, engages
in or conducts, in said City, any business, occupation, trade or employment upon which
a license tax is herein imposed, or for the commending, engaging in, carrying on or
conducting, any business, occupation, trade or employment, for which a license is hereby
required to be produced, without first having paid said license tax and procured said
license according to the terms and provisions of this ordinance, and such person shall be
liable in a civil action in the name of said City of Las Vegas, Plaintiff, in any Court
of competent jurisdiction, for the recovery of the amount of license tax imposed by this
ordinance, and for the costs of suit.

Section 10. The license tax imposed by this ordinance shall become due and payable,
and be paid without demand therefor, in lawful money of the United States of America
to the City Clerk.

Section 11. Every license fee required hereunder which is not paid within a period
of fifteen days from the time the same becomes due and payable is hereby declared to be
delinquent and the City Clerk shall thereupon add to said license fee and collect, before
issuing such license, a penalty of ten per cent of such license fee so delinquent (but
not in any case less than fifty cents) and such penalty may also be recovered in any
civil action brought in the name of the City of Las Vegas for the recovery of the amount
of license tax imposed by this ordinance. Provided, however, that the City Clerk during
each current quarter, at least ten days before the next succeeding quarter, shall deposit
in the United States Post Office at Las Vegas, Nevada, postage prepaid thereon, a written
or printed notice directed to each person appearing upon the license tax roll for the
current quarter calling attention to the fact that the license fee for the next succeeding
quarter will be due at the time provided in this ordinance and of the amount thereof, if
readily ascertainable, and that the penalty herein provided will be exacted unless paid
within the time required by this ordinance. Said City Clerk shall also within ten days
after the first day of such succeeding quarter mail a written or printed notice to each
person appearing upon the license tax roll for said preceding quarter, who has not paid
such license fee, notifying them that unless said license fee is paid within fifteen days
after the first day of such quarter, such penalty will be collected in addition to the
license fee. Proof of actual receipt of any such notice shall be in no case required.

Section 12. Every person, having a license under the provisions of this ordinance
and carrying on a business at a fixed place of business, shall keep such license posted
and exhibited while in force, in some conspicuous place in said place of business. Every
person having such license and not having a fixed place of business shall carry such
license with him at all times while carrying on the business for which the same is granted.

Section 13. All licenses granted under this ordinance, or any section thereof, are
granted and accepted by all parties receiving said license with the express understanding
that the Board of City Commissioners may revoke the same at any time if any of the condit-
ions of the license or terms of this ordinance have been violated, or if the license was
obtained by fraudulent representations, or the holder of such license is an unfit person
to be trusted with the privileges granted by said license, provided, however, that no
license shall be revoked without giving the holder thereof an opportunity to appear before
the Board in his own behalf. On revocation of the license no part of the money paid there-
for shall be returned, but such license fee shall be forfeited to the City.

Any person, firm or corporation who has paid or shall hereafter pay any license fee
or fees under Ordinance No. 243 of the City of Las Vegas for the last quarter of the