The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Section 1, Section 7 of Ordinance No 264 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended to read
as follows:

Section 7. That the commercial districts are hereby created and established within
the said City as described as follows:

All frontage on Fremont Street from Main Street to the east City Limits of a
depth not exceeding 150 feet; all frontage on Fifth Street from the South City
Limits to the north property line of Stewart Street to a depth not exceeding
150 feet; all frontage on the east side of Fifty Street from the north property
line of Stewart Street to the north City Limits to a depth not exceeding 150 feet;
all lots fronting on First Street from Bridger Street to Stewart Street; all lots
fronting on Third Street from Stewart Street to Bridger Street; all lots fronting
oh Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Streets from Stewart
Street to Carson Street; all lots on Second Street from Clark to Stewart, all lots
on 4th Street from Bridger to Stewart; all lots on Clark Avenue and Wilson Avenue
in the original townsite; all frontage on the east side of Main Street from Carson
Street to Stewart Street to a depth not exceeding 150 feet; Lot 6, Block 6, Lot 7,

Block 5; Lot 7, Block 11; Lot 6, Block 10; all in the Valley View Addition to the
City of Las Vegas; also Lot 6, Block 22; Lot 7, Block 21; Lots 1 to 6 Inclusive in
Block 11 and 6; lots 7 to 12 inclusive in Blocks 12 & 5; all in the H.F.M.& M.

Addition to the City of Las Vegas;

Section 2. This Ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as ah emergency ordinance
and it shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 3. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, published in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say once each week for a period of two weeks.

The foregoing ordinance was read aloud for the first time and voted upon at a regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners on the 4th day of August, 1942, and was passed as an
emergency ordinance upon the second reading on said last mentioned date, on the following
vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor Howell C. Garrison.
Voting No : None
Absent : None

Approved

Howell C. Garrison
Mayor

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS
COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from August 6, 1942 to August 13, 1942
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: August 6th to
13, 1942.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed: Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th
day of August, 1942.

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

(SEAL)

My commission expires January 12,	1943.