ORDINANCE NO. 200.

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE SALE OF MILK, CREAM AND OTHER DAIRY PRODUCTS IN THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS; DEFINING STANDARDS FOR MILK AND CREAM; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS FOR
THE SALE OF MILK AND CREAM, AND THE REVOCATION OF SUCH PERMITS; AUTHORIZING THE CITY COM-
MISSIONERS TO PROMULGATE RULES AND REGULATIONS FOR THE ENFORCEMENT OF THIS ORDINANCE: PRO-
VIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF OR
DINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. DEFINITION OF TERMS: That for the purpose of this Ordinance the standard
of milk, cream, buttermilk, skimmed milk and pasteurized milk, sold or offered for sale
in the City of Las Vegas, whether in retail or wholesale quantities, is hereby defined as

follows:			 	

(a) Milk in its natural state is the fresh, clean lacteal secretion obtained by the

complete milking of one or more cows, or other recognized milk producing animals properly
fed and kept in a healthy condition and free from clinical symptoms of any infectious or
communicable disease as determined by physical examination at least once each year; and
free from tuberculosis, mastitis and Bang's disease; excluding such secretion for a period
of fifteen (15) days before calving and for a period of five days after calving; containing
not less than 3.50 percent milk fat, and a total of milk solids of not less than 12 per-
cent; and produced under conditions that comply with the sanitary requirements established
by the Las Vegas City Milk Ordinance Committee. Freedom from tuberculosis shall be de-
termined by annual tuberculin tests, except in herds where reactors are found when retests
every 60 days until all reactors have been removed shall be required. For the control of
Bang's disease all dairies must submit their herds to the supervision of the State Board
of Stock Commissioners within thirty days from the this ordinance becomes effective; follow-
ing its plan for the establishment of Bang's disease free accredited herds, and following
blood tests, immediately remove all reactors found. All physical examinations required
under this ordinance and all tests for tuberculosis, Bang's and Lastitis diseases must be
made by a qualified veterinarian, licensed tp practice veterinary medicince and surgery
in the State of Nevada and approved by the State Board of Stock Commissioners.

(b)	GUARANTEED RAW MILK is the milk produced in accordance with the requirements of
Section 1, (a) of this Ordinance, provided that the cows of the dairy herd producing such
milk must pass a health examination once every three months; the average bacterial count
at the time of delivery to consumer must not exceed 25,000 per cubic centimeter as deter-
mined by methods of counting approved by the American Association of Agricultural Chemists,
of the average reduction time of which is not less than 9¾ hours; and from dairies scoring
not less than 90 on the dairy score card in current use by the State Department of Foods
and Drugs, and such milk be cooled immediately after milking to 50 degrees F. or less

and so maintained until delivery to customer.

(c) GARDE A RAW MILK, is milk the average bacterial count of which at time of delivery
to consumer does not exceed 100,000 bacteria per cubic centimeter, as determined by any
standard method of counting approved by the American Association of Agricultural Chemists,
or the average reduction time of which is not less than seven and one half hours (7½ hrs),
and which is produced from healthy animals as hereon provided, and from dairies that score
not less than eighty (80) on the dairy score card in current use by the State Department

of Food and Drugs and is cooled to 50 degrees F. or less and so maintained until delivered

to the consumer.

(d)	GRADE A PASTEURIZED MILK is a raw milk which has been pasteurized by heating to a
temperature of 142 degrees F. for a period of thirty minutes and then cooled to a temper-
ature of 50 degrees F. or lower, and the average bacterial count of which at the time of
delivery to the pasteurizing plant does not exceed 250,000 bacteria per cubic centimeter,
or the average reducing time of which is not less than five and three fourths (5¾) hours,
and the average bacteria count of which at no time after pasteurizing until delivery to the
consumer does not exceed 50,000 bacteria per cubic centimeter or the average reduction
time of which is not less than eight (8) hours.

(e)	CREAM is that portion of milk, rich in milk fat, which rises to the surface when
standing, or is removed by centrifugal force by mechanical means. It shall contain not less
than twenty-two (22) percent butterfat and not more than seven and eight tenths (7.8) per
cent of solids not fat. GRADE A raw cream or GRADE A Pasteurised cream shall conform to
all standards of Grade A raw milk or Grade A Pasteurized milk, except that the bacterial
count may be three times the maximum set for Grade A pasteurized milk.

(f)	BUTTERMILK is the product which remains when butter is removed from milk or cream
in the process of churning, or it may be a cultured skim milk, and shall contain by weight
not less than eight (8) percent of milk solids.

(g)	SKIMMED MILK is milk from which all or a portion of the milk fat has been removed
and which by weight is the non fatty portion thereof contains not less than eight and
eight-tenths (8.8) percent of milk solids.

(h)	The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas may from time to time
set up standards for milk products not otherwise defined in this Ordinance.

SECTION 2. The term person imports both the singular and the plural as the case de-
mands, and shall include Corporations, Partnerships, Societies and Associations.

SECTION 3. (a) CREAM FOR MANUFACTURING PURPOSES shall be bought from the producers on a
butterfat basis as determined by the Babcock test.

(b)	Checks on butterfat tests in accordance with foregoing paragraph and where called
for in this Ordinance shall be made by such person designated by the Las Vegas City Milk
Ordinance Committee, at any time required.

(c) It shall be unlawful to serve milk in any Hotel, Boarding House, Restaurant, Lunch
Counter, or other place of public entertainment, except in the original bottle, the cap of