Section 10.	It	shall be unlawful for any	person, firm or	corporation	to bury or

cause to be buried	the	body of a deceased person	anywhere within	the corporate limits of the

City of Las Vegas, except in the municipal cemetery or such other place as is duly set aside,
constituted, and designated by law as burial grounds, without the written consent of the City
Manager given with the approval of the majority vote of the Board of Commissioners.

Section 11. All headstones, tombstones, markers or monuments, other than those re-
quired by Section 3 of this Ordinance, to be placed on graves shall be of the flat type and
not more than four and one half (4½) feet along the width of the grave nor more than two and
one-half (2½) feet along the length thereof, and shall not extend more than three (3) inches
above the surface of the ground. No marker, headstone, tombstone or monument shall be placed
on any unoccupied grave or part thereof in that section of the municipal cemeteries known as
the Woodlawn Cemetery Annex No. 1.

Section 12.	It	shall be unlawful for any	person, firm or	corporation	to injure or

deface, or cause to	be	injured or defaced, any headstone, tombstone, marker,	monument, tree,

shrub, or any other property in the municipal cemeteries.

Section 13. No flowers, shrubs, or trees shall be planted in the municipal cemeteries,
except in concrete depressions constructed and provided therefor in accordance with the
instructions and under the supervision of the Superintendent of Cemeteries, and such planting
shall be done in accordance with the instructions and under the supervision of the Super-
intendent of Cemeteries and shall be cared for by the owner or such other person, firm, or
corporation as may have done the planting or caused the same to be done. No grave shall
have more than three (3) such depressions for planting, and no flower, shrub, or three shall
be allowed to grow higher than three (3) feet or gain a girth of more than two (2) feet, and
if such flower, shrub, or tree shall at any time exceed these dimensions it shall be removed
by the Superintendent of Cemeteries.

Section 14. It shall be unlawful for any person to ride or drive any vehicle within
the limits of the municipal cemeteries at a rate of speed in excess of five (5) miles per
hour.

Section 15. It shall be unlawful for any person to bring into or upon the grounds of
the municipal cemeteries any dog, cat, or other animal, or for the owner of any such dog,
cat, or other animal, which may have entered the cemetery grounds in any way whatever, to
allow the same to remain if its presence therein is known to the owner, provided, however,
that if such dog, cat, or other animal enters upon the cemetery grounds with its owner or any
other person in a motor vehicle or other enclosed means of transportation and is securely
leashed in such vehicle or other means of transportation so as not to permit of its escape
therefrom, it shall be allowed to remain upon the cemetery grounds while so leashed in such
vehicle or other means of transportation while its owner or other person whom it accompanied
remains at such cemetery.

Section 16. All funds received under a contract for the perpetual care of lots in
the municipal cemeteries shall not be used for any other purpose than to provide the
perpetual care mentioned in the contract, and such funds shall be invested in or reinvested
in Bonds of the United States, the State of Nevada, or other States of the Union, or the
Bonds of Counties or Municipalities of the Union, providing that pending such investment
as herein provided such funds may be deposited in any savings bank in this state.