In order to make such sales the licensee must first secure the appropriate license or
licenses applicable to the class or classes of business in which he is engaged.

3. For a wholesale beverage license the sum of $37.50 per quarter.

4. For a tavern liquor license the sum of $250.00 per quarter.

5.	For a club liquor license, the sum of $25.00 per quarter.

6.	For a restaurant beverage license, the sum of $180.00 per quarter.

7.	For a cabaret license, selling beverages only the sum of $125.00
per quarter.

8.	For	a cabaret liquor license, the	sum	of $300.00 per quarter.

9.	For	a Retail Liquor Establishment	to be maintained only in the

zone designated in Section 4 of Ordinance No. 203, as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance
No. 246, or a drug store, for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in the original
containers, as received	from the distiller	or wholesaler, not to	be consumed on	the

premises, in quantities	not exceeding four	and nine-tenths (4.9) gallons to the	same

persons and for the same person's use at any one time, and in quantities not less than
one	pint or	sixteen	fluid	ounces to the same person and	for	the same person's use at

any	one time,	the	sum	of $162.50 per quarter. Nor shall	any	liquors, except as above

authorized, be sold, offered for sale, displayed or carried in stock; provided, however,
that under this license, and without additional payment therefor, the licensee shall be
permitted to serve alcoholic beverages containing not more than five and one-half per
cent (5½%) of alcohol by weight, to be consumed upon the premises.

10.	For a retail liquor establishment to be maintained only in the

zone designated in Section 4 of Ordinance No. 203, as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance
No. 246, or a drug store, far the distribution of alcoholic liquors in the original
containers, as received	from the distiller	or wholesaler, not to	be consumed on	the

premises, in quantities	not exceeding four	and nine tenths (4.9)	gallons to the	same

person and for the same person's use at any one time, the sum of $243.75 per quarter;

provided, however, that under this license, and without additional payment therefor,
the licensee shall be permitted to serve alcoholic beverages containing not more than
five and one-half per cent (5½%) of alcohol by weight, to be consumed upon the premises.

11.	For a retail beverage license for the sale of beverages contain-
ing nor more than five and one-half per cent (5½%) of alcohol by weight, the sum of

$37.50 per quarter.

12.	For a cocktail room, or a room adjacent to or in close proximity
to a tavern, where alcoholic liquors containing more than five and one-half per cent
(5½%) of alcohol by weight are served to the general public from such tavern and where
music or other entertainment is furnished for the pleasure of its guests, the sum of
$25.00 per quarter.

Section 3. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with
the provisions of this ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 4. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say,
once each week for a period of two weeks.

JOHN L. RUSSELL

ATTEST:	MAYOR

VIOLA BURNS
CITY CLERK
(SEAL)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full
and adopted this 16th day of February, A.D., 1940, by the following vote: Commission-
ers Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor, the Mayor, J.L. Russell,
voting aye. Voting No, none.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board on the 16th day of February, 1940, at which time
it was proposed, considered and voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter pub-
lished in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, for a period of once a week for two
consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And it was thereafter read
aloud to the Board for a second time at a recessed meeting of the Board held on the 29th
day of March, 1940.

Voting Aye; Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti,
and His Honor, the Mayor, John L. Russell. Voting No, None. Absent. None.

JOHN L. RUSSELL

ATTEST:	Mayor of the City of Las Vegas,

VIOLA BURNS	Nevada

CITY CLERK
(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss

DICK LOCHRIE being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the at-
tached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks, from
Feb 19th 1940 to Feb 26th 1940 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: Feb 19th-26th That said newspaper was regularly issued and
circulated on each of the dates above mentioned.

Signed Dock Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th day of February 1940.

A. E. Cahlan

(SEAL)	Notary Public in and for Clark

My Commission Expires Jan 12 1943.	County, Nevada