shall deposite with the City Clerk an amount of money equal to at least one-half year, and
not more than one year's charge for the license applied for, which said same of money
shall be refunded to the applicant upon demand in case the license petitioned for shall
not be granted by the City Board of Commissioners. The applicant shall also file with
the petition a Bond running to the City of Las Vegas for a period of one year, conditioned
for the faithful observance during the continuance of such license, and any renewal thereof,
for not more than one year inclusive; which said bond shall be in the sum of ten thousand
dollars, with two or more individual sureties, Said bond to be approved by the Mayor
before such license shall be issued; provided, however, that in lieu of the aforementioned
bond there may be attached a justification to the effective that the sureties are re-
sidents within the County of Clark, Nevada and each are worth the amount specified in
said bond, over and above all just debts and liabilities, and exclusive of property ex-
empt from execution; Provided, however, that the license provided for in this ordinance
shall not permit the licensee to conduct the business of a merchant, or any other busi-
ness except the sale of pawned or pledged articles or things after forfeiture according
to law.

Section 11. No such license shall be issued to any person, copartnership, corpor-
ation association other than the real and actual proprietor of the business and place of
business for which is issued, and the petition for such license in case of a copart-
nership or association shall state the names in full of each and all the copartners or
associates, and in case of a corporation the name of the officers, and manager thereof.

Such license shall be non-transferable to any other person, or place of business, except
by a majority vote of the City Commissioners, and the filing of a new bond by the person
to whom such license is or may be transferred to assigned; and it shall be unlawful for
any person, copartnership, association or corporation to do business, or attempt to do
business under a license transferred to him, her, them, or it, without such consent of the
City Council; and no pawn brocker's license now issued, or hereafter issued, shall be re-
newed or extended for a total period of more than one year without complying with all the
provisions of this ordinance, and the provisions of this ordinance as to issuance of
licenses shall apply to all persons now holding pawnbroker's licenses, when the same shall
expire by their terms.

Section 12. All applications for said licenses or renewals thereof, shall be made
by petition to the City Council at a regular meeting thereof, and shall be immediately
referred to the Chief of Police, or acting Chief, for his approval, and in no case shall
a license be issued or renewed When his disapproval is indorsed upon petition, except
by a majority vote of the City Commissioners. The Chief or acting Chief of Police shall
return all such petitions with his approval or rejection indorsed thereon to the City
Council for final action at the next regular meeting thereof after the receipt of such
petition by him.

Section 13. Every person, firm, association, or corporation engaged in, or propos-
ing to engage in, the business of a pawnbroker in the City of Las Vegas shall pay a quarter-
ly license therefor in the sum of Two Hundred Dollars ($200.00).

Section 14. The Chief of Police shall immediately upon adoption and publication of
this ordinance cause such a number of blanks to be printed as may be necessary for the
purpose of making the reports required by this ordinance, and shall thereafter from time
to time cause such additional blands to be printed as may be required, which said blanks
shall be so printed and subdivided an that they shall have space for writing in all the ma-
tters required by this ordinance to be registered and reported, and said report shall
be written in the English language in a clear, legible manner. Said blanks shall
bear a caption, providing spaces in which shall be filled in the date of said report, the
name and residence of the person making the same and the hour of the day when made, and
all other matters required by this ordinance to be reported.

Section 15. The Chief of Police shall deliver said blanks to the person from Whom
said reports are required, from time to time, at the cost to the Police Department, and
shall upon receipt of such reports file the same in some secure place in his office, and
the same shall be open to inspection only to the Chief of Police or any officer directed
by the Chief, or upon the order of some Court duly made for that purpose.

Section 16. Any pawnbroker or keeper of a pawnshop shall furnish to the pledger
what is know as a pawn ticket, plainly numbered, containing the name of the pledger, a
description of the article or thing pawned or received, date of receipt thereof, the amount
loaned thereon, time for redemption, and name of the pledgee, and shall affix to each
article, or thing a tag, upon which tag shall be inscribed a number on the pawn ticket,
and be entered in the book required to be kept as hereinbefore provided.

Section 17. Any person violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a
fine of not less than Fifty Dollars ($50.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail not
less than Twenty Five Days (25), or by both such fine and imprisonment, and the license
of such person may be ordered forfeited, and cancelled and revoked by the City Commiss-
ioners.

Section 18. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.

Section 19. This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its
adoption, and approval the the publication the eof in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal
a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two
consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading.

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted this
7th day of June 19 45 by the following vote:

Voting Aye:	Commissioners	Baskin, Bates, Clark,	Corradetti,	and His	Honor, Mayor Cragin

Voting No :	none

ABsent :	None