SECTION XV: C-2 (GENERAL: COMMERCIAL) DISTRICT REGULATIONS.

A.	Uses Permitted:

1.	Any use permitted in the R-1, R-2, R-3, and R-4 districts.

2.	Any use permitted in the C-1 District, and in addition thereto, auditorium, automobile court,
automobile laundry, automobile sales room, blue printing, business schools, clinics and medical or dental
laboratories, department stores, lithographing or publishing, photostating, pawnshop, printing, printing office,
sign painting shop if conducted wholly within a completely enclosed building, studios, trade and vocation school,
upholstery shop if conducted wholly within a completely enclosed building, wedding chapels.

3.	Any business or establishment of a general retail or service type including wholesale merchandise
brokers bur excluding wholesale storage and warehouses.

4.	Billiard or Pool Hall, Bowling Alley, Theatres, if conducted wholly within a completely en-
closed building.

5.	Advertising signs or structures applying to the premises whereon displayed, billboards, but not
advertising as generally defined in this ordinance.

6.	Automobile and trailer sales area, provided (a) that such area is located and developed as
required; in Section VI and (b) that any area used for the incidental repair of automobiles or trailers is
located not less than seventy (70) feet from the front lot line nor less than Twenty-five (25) feet from any
other street line, unless such incidental repair is conducted and confined wholly within a building.

7.	Drive-in business where persons are served in automobiles, such as refreshment stands, rest-
aurants or similar uses.

8.	Nursery, flower or plant, provided that all incidental equipment and supplies, including fert-
ilizers and empty cans are kept within a building.

9.	Public garage, including automobile repairing, painting or upholstering, if all operations are
conducted wholly within a completely enclosed building, but not including as a general or primary use auto-
mobile body and fender repairing unless the same is of a minor nature and incidental to the above. Provided,
however, that where a public garage is located on a lot which does not abut an alley and is within fifty (50)
feet of a lot in an "R" District, the garbage wall which parallels the nearest line of such district, shall
have no openings other than stationary windows.

10.	Public parking area when located and developed as required in Section VI.

11.	Uses customarily incidental to any of the above uses and necessary buildings when located on
the same premises.

12.	Other similar enterprises or businesses of the same class, which in the opinion of the Planning
Commission as evidenced by resolution of record, are not more obnoxious or detrimental to the welfare of the
particular community than the enterprises or businesses herein in this subsection enumerated. In District C-2
all selling, dealing in or displaying of used or second-hand goods by permitted shops, stores and businesses
shall be entirely conducted and located within permanent buildings.

Provided that:

(a)	No retail stores or business shall involve any kind of manufacture, compounding, processing
or treatment of products other than that which is clearly incidental and essential to such retail store or
business and where all such products are sold at retail on the premises;

(b)	There shall not be more than five (5) persons engaged in the manufacture, compounding, pro-
cessing or treatment of products;

(c)	That not more than twenty (20) per cent of the ground floor area of any building shall be
used for such purposes;

(d) Such operations or products are not objectionable due to odor, dust, smoke, noise, vibration,
or other similar causes; and provided further that all exterior walls of a building hereafter erected, extended,
or structurally altered, which face a street or property in an "R" District, shall be designed, treated and
finished in a uniform and satisfactory manner approved by the Planning Commission.

13.	The following uses, upon the securing of a special use permit in each case, as provided in
Section XXII of this ordinance.

(a) Restaurants, cabaret, tavern or cocktail lounge, wherein the sale, serving or dispensing of
beverages and alcoholic liquors, (all as defined and regulated by Ordinances of the City of Las Vegas) and/or
gaming (as defined and regulated by Ordinances of the City of Las Vegas) may be permitted in a hotel of one
hundred (100) or more guest rooms, provided all other requirements of law regulating and permitting such uses
are first complied with.

(b)	Mortuaries.

(c)	An "outdoor business" or commercial use when the nature of such use may require an outdoor

location.

14.	Uses customarily incidental to any of the above uses and accessory buildings, when located on
the same lot, including storage garage for the exclusive use of the patrons of the stores or businesses, when
located not less than seventy (70) feet from the front lotline not less than five (5) feet from any other
street line or a storage garage constructed as a part of the main building.

15. Automobile storage space is required for dwellings, and parking space for buildings other than
dwellings, as provided for in Section VI.

16.	Public parking area for the exclusive use of the patrons of the stores, shops, or businesses
in the immediate commercial district, when located and developed as required in Section VI.

17.	Loading space as required in Section VI.