ORDINANCE NO. 251

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 2, AS AMENDED, AND SECTION 16, AS AMENDED,

OF ORDINANCE NO. 203 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE REGULATING
THE DISTRIBUTION AND CONTROL OF INTOXICATING AND ALCOHOLIC LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES:
REGULATING PLACES WHERE AND UNDER WHAT CONDITIONS SAID INTOXICATING AND ALCOHOLIC
LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES MAY BE KEPT, SOLD, GIVEN AWAY OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED; PRO-
VIDING FOR PERMITS AND LICENSES; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS
ORDINANCE; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THERE-
WITH," AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT WITH THIS
ORDINANCE.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 2 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas (as
amended) is hereby amended to read as follows:

DEFINITIONS: For the interpretation of this Ordinance unless context
indicates a different meaning:

1.	The word "alcohol" means a product of distillation of any fermented
liquor, rectified either once or oftener, whatever may be the origin thereof, and
includes synthetic ethyl alcohol.

2.	The word "spirits" means any liquor which contains alcohol obtained
by distillation, mixed with drinkable water and other substances in solution, includ-
ing brandy, rum, whiskey and gin.

3.	The word "wine" means any alcoholic liquor obtained by the ferment-
ation of natural sugar contents of fruits or other agricultural products containing
sugar, including fortified wines such as port, sherry and champagne.

4. The word "beer" means any liquor obtained by the alcoholic ferment-
ation of an infusion or decoction of malt, barley and hops in drinking water.

5.	The word "beverage" means any beer or wine containing not more than
30 per centum of alcohol by weight.

6.	The words "alcoholic liquor" include the four varieties of liquor de-
fined (alcohol, spirits, wine and beer), and wine or beer, spirits and every liquid
or solid patented or not, containing alcohol and capable of being consumed by human
beings.

7.	The word "Hotel" means every building or other structure kept, used,
maintained, advertised, or held out to the public to be a place where food is served
and sleeping accommodations are offered for pay to transient guests, in which thirty
or more rooms are used for the sleeping accommodations of such transient guests

and having one or more dining rooms where meals are served to such transient guests,
such sleeping accommodations and dining rooms being conducted in the same building
or buildings in connection therewith.

(8) The word "restaurant" means space in a suitable building kept,
used, maintained, advertised or held out to the public to be a place where meals are
served without sleeping accommodations, and where twenty-five persons or more may be
served with meals at any one time at tables.

9.	The word "club" means an association of persons, whether incorpor-
ated or unincorporated, for the promotion of some common object (but not including
associations organized for any commercial or business purpose the object of which is
money profit) owning, hiring or leasing a building or space in a building of such
extent and character as may be suitable and adequate for the reasonable and comfort-
able use and accommodation of its members and other guests.

10.	The word "Tavern" means a place where alcoholic liquors are sold at
retail to the general public, and a place where no other kind of business or business-
es is or are being maintained or conducted, except that in such taverns, cigars, cigar-
ettes, tobaccos, nuts, jerkey, popcorn and pretzels may be sold or given away. Other-
wise, however, no lunches, food-stuffs, or so-called "free lunches" are to be either
sold or given away in such taverns.

11.	The word "cabaret" means a place for the entertainment of guests,
and where meals and beverages or alcoholic liquors are served or sold at retail,
at tables only, and not at or over a bar.

12.	A "drugstore" means a place where medicines are sold and prescrip-
tions compounded.

13.	A "wholesale liquor establishment" is defined to be a place where
alcoholic spirituous, vinous, malt or mixed alcoholic and intoxicating liquors and
beverages are kept, sold, given away or distributed, contained in sealed or corked
packages or kegs, and not to be consumed on the premises where so kept, sold, given
away or distributed, and to be sold, given away or distributed to retailers only, and
only in the original packages or kegs. And every wholesale liquor establishment shall
keep a record of the retail city license number of each and every person, firm or cor-
poration to whom any sale or gift of liquor is made and shall keep an invoice, of each
and every such sale or gift of liquor, and shall insert on such invoice, such retail
license number, and such invoices shall at all times, during business hours, be open

to inspection by the City of Las Vegas.

14.	A "retail liquor establishment" is defined to be a place where alco-
holic liquors and beverages are sold, served, or otherwise distributed in quantities
not exceeding four and nine-tenths (4.9) gallons to the same person or for the same
person's use at any one time.

SECTION 2. Section 16 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas,

(as amended) is hereby further amended to read as follows:

The rates for licenses provided for in this Ordinance shall be, and the
same are fixed and established, and the same shall be paid in advance by all persons
receiving such licenses respectively, as follows:

1. For a wholesale liquor license, which shall include the right to
wholesale alcoholic liquors and beverages of all kinds, the sum of $75.00 per

quarter.	

2.	For an importer's license the sum of $50.00 per quarter. An im-
porter's license shall authorize the holder thereof to be the first person in
possession of wines, beers or other alcoholic liquors within the City of Las Vegas
after completion of the act of the importation of such wines, beers or other
alcoholic liquors from without the State and which have been brewed, fermented

or produced outside the state. It shall not authorize the sale of any type of
wines, beers or other alcoholic liquors.