Section 3. Any illumination contrary to the provisions of this ordinance, or to any rule
or regulation adopted and promulgated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, constitutes a
public nuisance, and the same may be summarily abated by any peace officer, fireman or other
duly deputized person. Any structure may be entered by any peace officer or fireman or any
other duly deputized person, using reasonable force if necessary, for the purpose of abating
such a nuisance by extinguishing such illumination during such period of black-out.

Section 4. Upon the sounding of any such black-out signal all operators of automobiles,
motor vehicles, bicycles, or other vehicles shall immediately pull such vehicle over to the
curb of the street or side of the road and park their said vehicle at that point and imme-
diately extinguish all lights, and such vehicle shall remain standing at that point until
the all-clear signal herein provided shall be given; provided, however, that all motor and
other vehicles operated by U. S. Armed Forces, Doctors, Nurses, Persons necessary to oper-
ate and maintain public utilities, peace officers, fireman, black-out wardens, and other
duly authorized persons, and necessary ambulances, may be operated with approved identifica-
tion and approved lights only, which lights and identification shall be in the manner set
forth in the rules and regulations provided for in Section 7.

Section 5. The Chief of Police or such other officer or person as may be designated by him,
is hereby authorized and directed to notify any authorized recipient of a black-out signal
and of all-clear signal in his city at once and forthwith to cause the sounding of a black-
out signal and of an all-clear signal whenever he shall receive such order from the U. S.
Armed Forces in charge.

Section 6. No person shall operate a siren or other audible device in such a manner that it
cannot be easily distinguished from a black-out or an all-clear signal .

Section 7. The Chief of Police is hereby authorized and directed to promulgate, publish and
enforce such orders, rules, and regulations, approved by the Board of City Commissioners
and not inconsistent with the provisions of this ordinance as may be necessary to maintain
adequate black-outs and other air raid protection measures, and to protect people and pro-
perty within the city, during black-outs. Such orders, rules and regulations may also supple-
ment this ordinance to the extent necessary to properly and adequately extinguish and ob-
scure lights, regulate the movement of emergency and other vehicles within the city, prevent
the congregation of persons on the street or in public places or buildings within the city,
notwithstanding any ordinance or provision of law to the contrary, and provide such other
measures as may be necessary or proper in order to accomplish the above mentioned purposes.
Such orders, rules and regulations, so approved by the Board of City Commissioners, shall
have the force and effect of law, and a violation of any such orders, rules and regulations
shall subject the violator thereof to the penalty provisions hereof.

Section 8. The Chief of Police may appoint for a specified time as many special police,
without pay, as may be deemed advisable for service in connection with any black-out or
other air-raid protection measures. During the term of service of such special police, they
shall possess all the powers and privileges and perform all the duties of police officers of
the City of Las Vegas. Said special police must wear such identifying emblem as may be pre-
scribed by the said Chief of Police and it shall be unlawful for any said special policeman
to attempt to carry out any order, rule or regulation promulgated under the authority con-
ferred by this ordinance when he is not wearing said identifying emblem.

Section 9. It shall be unlawful to disobey any lawful direction or order of a peace offi-
cer or fireman or other duly deputized person given during a period of black-out or air
raid alarm, which order is reasonably necessary to the maintenance of public order or safety
or to effect the extinguishment of light.

Section 10. The provisions of every ordinance of this city requiring any illumination to be
maintained in conflict with this ordinance, shall be deemed suspended during the period be-
tween any black-out signal and the all-clear signal next thereafter.

Section 11. Any person, firm, association or corporation who or which shall be found guilty
of a violation of any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be fined not more than
Three Hundred Dollars ($300.00) or be confined in the City Jail for a period of not to ex-
ceed 150 days or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 12. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to
have this ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published
in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that
is to say, once a week for a period of two weeks.

HOWELL C. GARRISON

Mayor

Attest: HELEN SCOTT
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted
this 4th day of February, 1942, A. D., by the following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux, Mayor Garrison.

Voting No:	None

Absent:	None

HELEN SCOTT

City Clerk

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed reg-
ular meeting of the Board on the 17th day of November, 1942, at which time it was proposed,
considered and voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas
Age, for a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its
first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board a second time at a regular