The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. DEFINITION OF TERMS: That for the purpose of this Ordinance
the standard of milk, cream, buttermilk, skimmed milk and pasteurized milk, and ice
cream, sold or offered for sale, in the City of Las Vegas, whether in retail or whole-
sale quantities, is hereby defined as follows:

(а)	Milk in its natural state is the fresh, clean, lacteal secretion ob-
tained by the complete milking of one or more cows, or other recognized milk produc-
ing animals, properly fed and kept in a healthy condition and free from clinical symptoms
 of any infectious or communicable disease as determined by physical examination
at least once each year; and free from tuberculosis, mastitis and Bang's disease;
excluding such secretion for a period of fifteen (15) days before calving and for

a period of five (5) days after calving; containing not less than 3.50 per cent milk
fat, and a total of milk solids of not less than 12 per cent; and produced under con-
ditions that comply with the sanitary requirements established by the Las Vegas City
Milk Ordinance Committee.

COWS. TUBERCULOSIS AND OTHER DISEASES. (1) A physical examination,
tuberculin and Bang's disease test of all cows shall be made before any milk there-
from is sold, and at least once every twelve months thereafter by a duly licensed
veterinarian approved by the Sanitary Inspector or by the state livestock sanitary
authority, and said tests shall be made in accordance with the rules now or here-
after in effect adopted by the Board of Health of the City of Las Vegas. Any and
all raw milk sold as such in the City of Las Vegas shall be produced from State
Accredited Bang's disease-free herds.

A. certificate signed by the veterinarian and filed with the Sanitary
Inspector shall be the only valid evidence of the above tests. Every diseased ani-
mal shall be removed from the herd at once and no milk from diseased cows shall
be offered for sale. All reacting animals shall be isolated at once and immediately
excluded from the premises. All animals failing to pass the T.B. or Bang's disease
tests shall be branded with the letters "T" or "TB" or "B" on the shoulder, hip
or jaw, and removed at once and slaughtered under the direction of the Sanitary
Inspector. Each letter in the brand shall be not less than two inches high and one
and one-half inches wide. Further; herds where reactors are found shall be re-
tested each thirty (30) days, until two (2) consecutive clean tests have been made.

DAIRY BARNS (2) Lighting. Such sections of all dairy barns where cows
are kept or milked shall have at least three square feet of window space for each
stanchion.

(3)	AIR SPACE. Such sections of all dairy bams where cows are kept or
milked shall have at least four hundred (400) cubic feet of air space per stanchion,
and shall be well ventilated.

(4)	FLOORS. The floors and gutters of such parts of all dairy barns in
which cows are kept or milked shall be constructed of concrete or other equally
impervious and easily cleaned material approved by the Sanitary Inspector and shall
be graced to drain properly, and shall be kept clean and in good repair. No horses,
pigs, fowls, etc., shall be permitted in parts of the barn used for dairy purposes.

(5) WALLS AND CEILINGS. The walls and ceilings of all dairy barns shall
be whitewashed once each year or painted once every two years, or finished in a
manner approved by the Sanitary Inspector, and shall be kept clean and in good re-
pair. In case there is a second story above that part of the barn in which cows are
kept or milked, the ceiling shall be tight.

(6)	COW YARD. All cow yards shall be graded and drained as well as prac-
ticable and kept Clean.

(7)	MANURE DISPOSAL. All manure shall be removed and stored or disposed
of in such manner as best to prevent the breeding of flies therein.

(8)	MILK HOUSE OR ROOM. CONSTRUCTION. There shall be provided a separ-
ate milk house or milk room for the handling and storage of milk and the washing
and sterilization of milk apparatus and utensils, provided with a tight floor
constructed of concrete or other impervious material and graded to provide proper
drainage. The walls and ceilings of the milk house or room shall be of such con-
struction as to permit easy cleaning and shall be painted at least once each year
or finished in a manner approved by the Sanitary Inspector. The milk house or room
shall be well lighted and ventilated and all openings effectively screened to prevent
the entrance of flies, and shall be used for no other purpose than the handling

and storage of milk or milk products and other operations incident thereto. The
cleaning and other operations shall be so located and conducted as to prevent any
contamination one to the other. The milk room shall not open directly into the
barn or into any room used for sleeping or domestic purposes.

(9) CLEANLINESS AND FLIES: The floors, walls, ceilings and equipment
of the milk house or room shall be kept clean at all times. All means necessary for
the elimination of flies shall be used.

(10)	TOILET. Every dairy farm shall be provided with one or more sanitary
toilets conveniently located and properly constructed, and operated and maintained

so that the waste is inaccessible to flies and does not polute the surface soil or
contaminate any water supply.

(11)	WATER SUPPLY. The water supply shall be easily accessible, adequate,
and of a safe sanitary quality.

(12)	UTENSILS. CONSTRUCTION. All containers or utensils used in the
handling of storage of milk or milk products must be made of non-absorbent material
and of such construction as to be easily cleaned, and must be in good repair. Joints
and seams shall be soldered flush. All milk pails shall be of a sanitary design
approved by the Milk Ordinance Committee and Milk Inspector.

(13)	CLEANING. All containers and other utensils used in the handling
storage, or transportation of milk and milk products must be thoroughly cleaned
after each usage.

(14)	STERILIZATION* All containers and other utensils used in the hand-
ling, storage, or transportation of milk or milk products shall, between each usage,
be sterilized with steam or chlorine or in a manner conforming to the rules now or
hereafter in effect adopted by the Board of Health of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

(15)	STORAGE. All containers and other utensils used in the handling,
storage or transportation of milk or milk products shall be stored so as not to become
contaminated before again being used.