5.	No building permit shall be issued by the Building Inspector unless it shall appear from the
application for such permit and coincident application for certificate of occupancy that the building for which
such permit is granted shall conform to all of the applicable regulations of this Ordinance and is to be
occupied for a use in conformity with the provisions of this Ordinance. Any permit issued in conflict with this
Ordinance shall be null and void.

SECTION XXV. ARCHITECTURAL SUPERVISION:

In case an application is made for a Building Permit for any building, structure or other improvement
in any C-1, C-2, or C-S District as established by this zoning ordinance, or for any building, structure or
other improvement in any M-1, M-2, or any other district established by this ordinance when such building,
structure or improvement is adjacent to any State Highway, Major Highway, or Parkway as designated on the
Master Plan of Streets and Highways of the City as adopted by the Governing Body, then such application shall
be accompanied by drawings or sketches showing the exterior elevations of the proposed buildings, structures
or other improvements, the tupes of materials and colors to be used and sign to be displayed, as the same will
appear after the work for which the permit is sought has been completed. Such drawings of sketches shall be
considered by the Planning Commission in an endeavor to provide that such buildings, structures and other im-
provements shall be so designed and constructed that they will not be of unsightly, undesirable or obnoxious
appearance to the extent that they will hinder the orderly and harmonious development of the City, limit the
opportunity to attain the optimum use and value of land and improvements, impair the desirability of living
conditions in the same area or adjacent agricultural or residential area, and/or otherwise adversely affect
the general prosperity and welfare. To this end, the Planning Commission shall suggest any changes in the
plans of such proposed building, structures and other improvements which it may deem to be necessary to ac-
complish the purpose of this section, and may refuse to approve any such plans until it is satisfied that such
purpose will be accomplished thereby.

The Planning Commission may by resolution duly recorded in its minutes adopt certain general rules
and specifications and such illustrative architectural drawings showing desirable standards and types or de-
design, materials, colors and styles of signs and lettering as will provide a basis and guide for the approval
of plans for proposed buildings in each district. The Planning Commission shall appoint and designate one of
its members as chairman of an architectural advisory Committee of three, to serve in behalf of the Planning
Commission in passing upon architectural filed as required herein.

The Planning Commission shall act upon all such plans upon the receipt of same and in any event
within thirty days after their receipt, and failure to notify the applicant of disapproval of said plans
within such period, unless the applicant consents to an extension of time, shall constitute approval of the
plans insofar as this section of this ordinance is concerned.

In case of disapproval or conditional approval by the Planning Commission of any plans submitted in
compliance with this section, copies of the plans with the findings of the Planning Commission and reasons
for their action attached shall be filed immediately with the Clerk of the Governing Body. If the applicant is
not satisfied with the action of the Planning Commission, he may within thirty (30) days after such action,
appeal in writing to the Governing Body. Said Board shall hold a hearing on said appeal and shall render its
decision thereon within thirty (30) days after the filing thereof. No permit, as provided therein, shall be
issued unless the plans filed with the application therefor as required in this section shall first have been
approved by the Planning Commission or by the Governing Body.

Upon such approval the Building Inspector of the city shall issue such permit, provided all other
provisions of the law have been complied with. Every drawing or sketch filed under the provisions of this
section shall become a part of the permanent records of the Planning Commission.

SECTION XXVI: CERTIFICATES OF OCCUPANCY:

A. Certificates of Occupancy shall be required for any of the following:

1. Occupancy and use of a building or structure hereafter erected, altered, or structurally
altered.

2.	Change in use of an existing building or structure to a use of a different classification.

3.	Occupancy and use of a vacant lot.

4.	Change in the use of land to a use of a different classification.

5.	Any change in the use of a non-conforming use.

No such occupancy, use, or change of use of any building, structure or land shall take place
until a certificate of occupancy therefor shall have been issued by the City Building Inspector.

B. Written application for a certificate of occupancy for a new building or structure or for an
existing building or structure which has been altered shall be made at the same time as the application for
the building permit for such building or structure. Said certificate shall be issued within ten (10) days
after written request for the same has been made to said City Building Inspector after the erection or
alteration of such building or structure or part thereof has been completed in conformity with the provisions
of this Ordinance.

C.	Written application for a certificate of Occupancy for the use of vacant land, or for a change in
the use of land, or of a building or structure, or for a change in a non-conforming use, as herein provided,
shall be made to said City Building Inspector; if the proposed use is in conformity with the provisions of
this Ordinance, the certificate of occupancy therefor shall be issued within ten (10) days after the appli-
cation for the same has been made.

D.	A certificate of Occupancy shall be oh a printed form furnished by the City of Las Vegas. Such
certificate when completed shall describe the lot or parcel of land, the present and proposed use of land or
existing building or structures, and the number, size, and location of any new building or structures proposed
to be constructed, and the alterations proposed to be made on any existing buildings or structures, as pro-
posed By the applicant. Every certificate of occupancy shall state that the Building or the proposed use of

a building or land complies with all provisions of law and of all City Ordinances and regulations. A record
of all certificates of occupancy shall be kept on file in the office of the Building Inspector and copies s all
be furnished, on request, to any person having proprietary or tenancy interest in the building or land affected.
No fee shall be charged for an initial certificate of occupancy issued concurrently with a building permit.

For all other such certificates, or copies of an original certificate there shall be a charge of one ($1.00)
Dollar each.