ORDINANCE NO. 240 Continued:

Section 5. No claim for damages for personal injuries suffered by any
person or persons, or for the wrongful death of any person or persons, due to the
alleged negligence, in any respect, of said City of Las Vegas, its agents or
employees, shall be considered or paid by said Board of Commissioners or said
City, unless a notice in writing, stating the name of the person injured or killed
or the names of the persons injured or killed, the time and place of the accident
or happening causing such injury or death, a brief statement of the facts surround-
ing and concerning such accident or happening and the names of the witnesses present
at such time, together with a statement of the amount claimed to be due from said
City, shall be filed with the City Clerk within thirty days after the said accident
or happening. And this provision, except the part concerning name of person injured
or killed, shall likewise apply to all claims for damages to property due to the
alleged negligence of Said City or its employees, and all other cases in which
money is claimed to be due from said City for a tort of any kind by any of the agents
or employees of said City. And no action shall be maintained in any Court upon any
cause of action in this section mentioned unless such written notice shall have
first been filed with said City Clerk.

Section 6. No demand shall be audited, passed upon or allowed by the
Board of Commissioners unless made out as prescribed in this ordinance and presented
to, and filed with the City Clerk three (3) days prior to the time of the meeting
of the Board of Commissioners at which it is asked to be allowed. This time limit
shall not apply to the presentation of payroll demands.

Section 7. All demands against the City of Las Vegas shall be presented
to and filed with the City Clerk who shall note thereon the date received. The City
Clerk shall forthwith attach to such demand a copy of the purchase order by which the
expenditure was authorized, together with such evidence as is available of the re-
ceipt of goods or services referred to on the demand upon which shall be shown the
written approval or disapproval of the head of the department as to the goods re-
ceived or services rendered.

Section 8. The City Clerk shall examine and verify all claims and demands
filed against the City of Las Vegas as to their validity, accuracy, certification,
and required previous approvals, and shall prepare for approval, without signing,
a warrant upon the City Treasurer representing such demand, which warrant shall
specify in whose favor it is drawn, the purpose for which it is drawn, and the amount
thereof, together with the name of the fund and of the bank out of which it is pay-
able when executed and approved. He shall note such demands and warrants upon a
register book of demands and warrants, setting forth the number of the demand and
warrant, in whose favor the warrant is drawn, and the amount thereof, together with
dates and the name of the fund and of the bank out of which the warrant is payable.

All demands and warrants so presented, filed and noted, and the register book of
demands and warrants, together with the supporting documents, shall then be for-
warded by the City Clerk to the City Auditor for his approval or disapproval.

Section 9. The City Auditor shall audit all such demands, and shall,
if the same are found authorized, correct and legal, approve them and endorse his
approval on the face of each demand, and also upon the register book of demands
and warrants. If the Auditor declines to approve any demand, he shall attach to
the demand a statement setting forth his reasons for disapproval thereof.

Section 10. All demands approved or disapproved shall thereupon be
presented by the City Clerk, together with the register book of demands and warrants,
to the Commissioner in charge of the respective department incurring the expenditure
and to the Finance Commissioner, who shall audit the same, and if found authorized,
correct and legal, shall signify by their signatures upon the register book of demands
and warrants, those demands which are approved or disapproved by such Commissioner.

The Finance Commissioner shall then cause all demands approved or disapproved, to-
gether with the register book of demands and warrants, and supporting- documents, to
be presented to the Mayor for inspection after which they shall be returned to the
City Clerk who shall present the same to the Board of Commissioners for audit and
allowance or disallowance.

Section 11. All demands so presented, shall be audited by the Board of
Commissioners, and, if found authorized, correct and legal, shall be allowed by
the Board of Commissioners and ordered paid. Such action of the Board of Commis-
sioners shall be evidenced by motion entered in its minutes, stating the serial
numbers of the demands allowed and the total amount thereof, and the serial numbers
and total amount of those disallowed.

Section 12. Upon the allowance of demands by the Board of Commissioners,
the Mayor shall draw and execute, and the City Clerk shall attest, the warrants upon
the Treasurer, so prepared as aforesaid, for all demands so allowed by the Board
of Commissioners, and which appear upon the register book of demands and warrants.

No warrant shall be drawn or evidence of indebtedness issued unless there
be sufficient money in the treasury legally applicable to the payment of the same,
except as provided by law. All warrants so drawn and executed, together with a
signed copy of the register book of demands and warrants, shall be forwarded to
the City Treasurer, and if found correct, shall be signed by the City Treasurer
and distributed by him to the claimants legally entitled thereto. All demands
shall be filed in numerical order by the City Clerk.

Section 13. The register book of demands and warrants herein referred
to shall be prepared and placed on file in the office of the City Clerk not later
than the fourth and sixteenth days of each month.

Section 14. All demands for services rendered or material supplied by
any City Department to op for another City Department, the expenses of which are
payable out of a separate fund, shall be presented in the name of, and the warrant
drawn payable to the City of Las Vegas, designating the Department to which the
demand is payable.