All applications for licenses, as in this ordinance provided, shall state the
applicants business and the location thereof, a complete description of the particular room
and premises in which the licensee desires to carry on, operate or conduct such slot machine,
device or game, together with the location of the building, its street number, if such there
be, and any other information by which it may be definitely and readily located and recognized,
the name in full of the applicant, and in case of a co-partnership or association shall state
the name in full of each and all of the co-partners or associates, and in case of a corporation,
the names of the officers and managers thereof. The person, firm, association or corporation
so applying for a license shall state definitely the particular type and class of slot
machine, any one of which the license desires to operate and conduct in said room and
premises, or other particular game or device which the licensee desires to operate and conduct
in said room and premises, and as so stated the same shall be specifically described in and
entered upon said license.

Section 2. Section 8, as amended, of Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby amended to read as follows:

Stud poker and draw poker, for money, shall be licenses at the rate of $50.00 per
quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

Panguingue, for money, shall be licensed at the rate of $30.00 per quarter, payable
quarterly in advance.

Bridge, whist and solo, for money, shall be licensed at the rate of $15.00 per quarter,
payable quarterly in advance.

Roulette, "21", Hazard, Craps, Faro Bank, Wheels of Fortune, Big Six Wheels and
Race Horse Books shall pay a license fee of $100.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

Each slot machine, except penny machines, shall pay a license fee of $20.00 per
quarter, payable quarterly in advance, for each handle on said slot machine. The license
for penny slot machines shall be $50.00 per quarter for each handle on said penny machine.

The game of Keno, Bingo, Tango or Bank Keno shall be licensed at the rate of $50.00
per quarter, payable quarterly in advance and in addition thereto shall pay a license fee
or charge of $1.50 per quarter per chair for each chair used in the conduct of said game.

Race Horse Keno shall be licensed at the rate of $250.00 per quarter, payable
quarterly in advance.

The licenses above mentioned shall entitle the holder or holders or his or their
employee or employees, to carry on, conduct and operate any one slot machine of only the
specific type and class, or only such other specific game or device, for which said license
is issued, and only in the particular room and premises described therein, for a period
ending with the quarter within which the license was issued; provided that no license shall
be granted for any portion of any quarter for a sum less than the full quarterly license fee,
and the end of each quarter shall be the last days of March, June, September and December of
each year; provided further that the licensee shall be entitled to carry on, conduct, and
operate two or more slot machines, games or devices mentioned in this section and in Section
1, of this Ordinance, in the same room, upon the payment of the license fees herein provided
for and the issuance of a license in the manner and upon the authority, and upon the
conditions and restrictions in this Ordinance provided as on an application for an original
license. Each license shall specify upon the fact thereof the name of the licensee, and a