(a) No building shall hereafter be erected, nor shall any use of land be conducted except for
agricultural purposes or any other open use not requiring a building or structure, so that the same will be
closer to the right of way line of any street than any Official Plan Line or any building line which has been
established for such a street by the Street and Highway Plan, or section thereof, of the Master Plan of the
City of Las Vegas, or than any future width line or building line which may be specified therefor by the pro-
visions of Section XX of this Ordinance.

(b)	No incidental dwelling shall be less than twenty (20) feet from the rear or side line of a
building site.

(c)	When a lot or a parcel	of land in the	M-2	District is located partly	in	or abuts	upon any "R"

or	"C"	District then such lot or parcel	of land shall have	a yard	or yards equivalent	to	the yard	requirement

of such "R" or "C" District.

SECTION XIX: SUPPLEMENTARY LAND USE CLASSIFICATION:

A.	Uses not specifically permitted in any Land Use District and not specifically excluded therefrom
by this Ordinance, may be permitted in that district, as hereinafter set forth, but the Planning Commission,
if such uses are similar to and not more obnoxious than the uses specifically permitted in such district by
this Ordinance, or if such uses are accessory to uses which are specifically permitted.

B.	Uses which in the opinion of the Planning	Commission	are similar to, and	as	noxious as those uses

listed	in	Section XVIII, paragraph "C",	as requiring a	use	permit	shall be prohibited	in	Land Use	District M-2

unless such permit is secured.

C.	The Planning Commission after having classified such uses in any Land Use District may reclassify
such uses when such reclassification does not violate the intent of this ordinance, provided, however, no
action shall be taken on the part of the Planning Commission, as contemplated in this section until said Plan-
ning Commission shall have published at least once, in a newspaper of general circulation in the City of Las
Vegas, a notice setting forth briefly the action contemplated and the time and place when it will hear ob-
jections to such action which shall not be less than fifteen (15) days after the publication of aforesaid
notice.

D.	Each use which is classified or reclassified according to the provisions of this Section as per-
mitted in any Land Use District shall be entered on a list to be known as "Supplementary Land Use Classifi-
cation," with the date upon which such opinion is reached by the Planning Commission, the Land Use District in
which it is classified and the conditions or limitations under which each such use may be permitted in such
Land Use District. The governing body shall be furnished a copy of such list, and notice of each Supplementary
Land Use Classification made by the Planning Commission shall be submitted to the Governing Body prior to the
next regular meeting of the Governing Body following the date of such opinion. Such classification of any use
in any Land Use District shall have the same force and effect as if such use were classified in this Ordinance

SECTION XX: MINIMUM BUILDING LINE SETBACKS AND FUTURE WIDTH LINES;

A. For the purpose of measuring yard dimensions and determining building locations with respect to
future width lines as provided in this Ordinance, the following minimum building line setbacks and future width
lines are hereby established for the following streets and highways, such establishment being made pending the
establishment of official plan lines based upon the Street and Highway Plan, or sections thereof, of the Master
Plan of the City of Las Vegas.

No building or structure nor portion thereof shall hereafter be erected, nor shall any portion of
a building extending into the building setback distance be altered, nor shall any use of land for agricultural
purposes or any other open use not requiring a building or structure, so that the same will be closer to the
right of way line of any street than any official plan line or any building line or setback which has been
established for such street by the Street and Highway Plan, or section thereof, of the Master Plan of the City
of Las Vegas, or than any future width line, building line or setback, which may be specified therefor by the
provisions of this ordinance, or as follows:

1.	MAIN STREET:

(a)	From the North city boundary to Stewart Street, ten (10) feet from the street line of fifty
(50) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

(b)	From Stewart Street to Carson Street, twenty (20) feet from the property line or sixty (60)
feet from the center-line on the Westerly side thereof.

(c)	Charleston Boulevard to South Fifth Street five (5) feet from the street line or forty-
five (45) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

2.	FIFTH STREET:

(a)	From the South city boundary to Charleston Boulevard - ten (10) feet from the street line
or fifty (50) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

(b)	From Charleston Boulevard to Garces Street - five (5) feet from the street line or forty-
five (45) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

(c)	From Garces Street to Stewart Street - three (3) feet from the street line or forty-three
(43) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

(d)	From Stewart Street to the North City boundary - five (5) feet from the street line or
forty-five (45) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

3.	FREMONT STREET:

(a)	From Ninth Street to Fourteenth Street - three (3) feet from the property line on each

side thereof.

(b)	From Seventeenth Street to the East City boundary - twelve (12) feet from the street line
or fifty-seven (57) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

4.	CHARLESTON BOULEVARD - RANCHO ROAD:

(a) From Fremont Street to Tenth Street - ninety (90) feet from the center line on each side

thereof.