Attest: Helen Scott	Howell C. Garrison

City Clerk	Mayor

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and approved
 this 17th day of November, A. D., 1941, by the following vote:

 Voting Aye: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux, and Mayor Garrison.

Voting No:	None.

 Absent:	None.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed regu-
lar meeting of the Board on the 17th day of November, 1941, at which time it was proposed,
considered and voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las
Vegas Age, for a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately following
its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board a second time at a regu-
lar meeting of the Board on the 4th day of December, 1941.

Voting Aye? Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor, Howell C. Garri-
son.

Voting No: None

Absent and

not voting: Smith

Howell C. Garrison
Mayor of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada

Attest: Helen Scott
City Clerk

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS

County of Clark )

DOROTHY D. BRIMACOMBE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says; that she is Gen-
eral Manager of Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and pub-
lished at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance
No. 261 was published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from November 21, 1941 to
November 28, 1941 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-
wit? November 21, and 28, 1941. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named. That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was
$58.20.

(SIGNED) DOROTHY D. BRIMACOMBE

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th day of December, 1941.

(SIGNED) JOE HUFFORD

(SEAL)	Notary Public in and for

Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires: May 8, 1943

ORDINANCE NO. 262

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS CONCERNING THE NUMBERING OF BUILDINGS, NUMBERING OF
STREETS, AND RE-NAMING OF STREETS: REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 44.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. The numbering of all buildings fronting upon the public streets, avenues,
and thoroughfares within the City of Las Vegas shall be in conformity with the decimal sy-
stem and the following rules:

First: The intersection of Main and Fremont streets in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite shall
be the initial point of numbering all blocks and buildings in the City of Las Vegas, as
follows: 1. All buildings fronting on east and west streets which intersect or start from
Main Street, beginning with numbers one (1) and nought (0), adjoining said Main Street, shall
be numbered progressively, therefrom through each block. Following the intersection of each
numbered street, the numbering shall again begin with numbers one (1) or (0), plus the num-
ber of hundreds which is indicated by the number of said intersecting street.

Section 2. All buildings fronting on north and south streets which intersect or
start from Fremont Avenue or division street; 1. Beginning with numbers one hundred and
one (101) and one hundred and nought (100) adjoining said division street, shall be num-
bered progressively therefrom through each block. Following the intersection with each con-
tinuous street, the numbering shall begin with one (1) and nought (0) plus the number of
hundreds, progressing continuously outward from the division street at one block centers.

All streets which are continuations of existing streets shall bear the name of the
existing streets so long as they continue in the same general direction and the names of