or carried on within said residence district at the time of the adoption of this ordinance,
or any of the works, establishments, factories, or plants enumerated in Section 10 hereof
being operated, maintained, or carried on within said commercial district or residential
district at the time of the adoption of this Ordinance shall be thereafter partially de-
stroyed by fire or otherwise, it shall be unlawful for any person, firm, or corporation to
erect, maintain, establish, carry on, rebuild or replace the same, when it will cost 60
percent or more of the value before destruction of said factory, plant, works, or estab-
lishment to replace the same.

Section 12.

It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation maintaining, operating, conduct-
ing, or carrying on any industrial business or commercial plant or establishment within
said residential district at the time of the adoption of this Ordinance, or maintaining,
operating, conducting, or carrying on any of the work, plants, factories, or establishments
enumerated in Section 10 hereof within said commercial districts at the time of the adop-
tion of this Ordinance, to enlarge such business, plant, works, factories, or establish-
ments by building any addition thereto or otherwise, except with the approval of the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and with the written consent of the
owners of more than 50 percent of the area of the land within a radius of 500 feet of said
addition, exclusive, however, of land used for public streets, highways, or alleys.

Section 13.

Any person, firm or corporation, violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine
of not less than Ten ($10.00) Dollars or more than Four Hundred. ($400.00) Dollars, or by
imprisonment in the City Jail of the City of Las Vegas for not less than five (5) or more
than two hundred (200) days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 14.

Each such person, firm, or corporation shall be deemed guilty of a separate offense for
every day during any portion of which any violation of any of the provisions of this
Ordinance is committed, continued or permitted by such persons, firm or corporation, and
shall be punished therefor as provided in this Ordinance.

Section 15.

All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are hereby re-
pealed.

Section 16.

This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, adoption and publication
for two successive issues in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published
in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 17.

The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this
City Ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say,
once each week for a period of two weeks.

(SIGNED) HOWELL C. GARRISON
Mayor

ATTEST: HELEN SCOTT
(SEAL) City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted
this 4th day of December, A. D., 1941 by the following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and Mayor Garrison
Voting No:	None

Absent:	Commissioner Smith

(SIGNED) HELEN SCOTT
City Clerk

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board on the 4th day of December, 1941, at which time it was proposed, considered
and voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Age
for a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first
reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time at a regular
meeting of the Board held on the 5th day of January, 1941.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux, and his Honor, the Mayor, Howell
C. Garrison.

Voting No:	None

Passed:	Smith

(SIGNED) HOWELL C. GARRISON

Mayor of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

ATTEST: HELEN SCOTT
City Clerk.

(SEAL)	AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dorothy D. Brimicombe being duly sworn, deposes and says: That she is General Manager of Las
Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No 263 was published in
said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Nov. 28, 1941 to December 5, 1941 inclusive,
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Nov 28, Dec 5, 1941. That
said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the
legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $58.20. Signed Dorothy D. Brimicombe.	

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day of Dec. 1941. Joe Hufford, Norary Public in and
for Clark County, Nevada. (SEAL) My Commission Expires May 8, 1943.