AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
County of Clark)

Dorothy D. Pearce, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That she is associate
editor of the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Ordinance #209 was published in the said newspaper for a period of two weeks from June
8, 1934 to June 15, 1934 being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to
wit: June 8 and 15, 1934.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the legal charge for publishing the same was $38.00

Signed Dorothy D. Pearce.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
18th day of June 1934.

C.D. Breeze,

Notary Public In and for Clark County,
Nevada.

My Commission expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 210.

AN ORDINANCE TO FIX, IMPOSE AND PROVIDE FOR THE COLLECTION OF A LICENSE TAX ON MOTOR
PROPELLED VEHICLES OPERATED FOR HIRE, AND TO REGELATE THE OPERATION AND RUNNING OF THE SAME,
WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS: FIXING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS
OF THIS ORDINANCE: AND REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 100 AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDIN-
ANCES IN CONFLICT HERE WITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas fo ordain as follows:

Section 1. Definition of Terms - Unless it appears from the context that a different
meaning is intended, the following words shall have the meaning attached to them by this
section:

(a)	A "vehicle" shall mean and include any taxicab, rent service car or self-propelled
motor vehicle employed in the business of carrying passengers for hire within the City of
Las Vegas and not operated over fixed over fixed routes or between certain definite points.

(b)	"Streets" shall mean and include all avenues open to public travel and traffic
within the City of Las Vegas.

(c)	"Person" shall mean and include both the singular and plural, and embrace each and
every person, firm, corporation or association of persons.

Section 2. Application for License - Any person desiring to engage in the business of
operating or running a vehicle, as herein defined, within the City of Las Vegas shall file
with the City Clerk a written application for license so to do, which application shall set
forth:	

(a)	The type of vehicle and the name under which the same is manufactured or sold, or
commonly known.

(b)	The horse-power thereof;

(c)	The factory number thereof;

(d)	The state, county, or city license number thereof;

(e)	The seating capacity thereof according to its trade rating, or the actual seating
capacity thereof in case the same has been altered, reconstructed, or privately built;

(f) The name of the owner, lessee, or the person having the control thereof and the name
and age of the person or persons to be in immediate charge thereof as operator or chauffeur;

(g)	The hours of operation, or the operating schedule to be maintained, and the tariff
of fares to be charged for such service;

(h)	That the operator or chauffeur is physically qualified to safely operate a vehicle
and has good sight and hearing and the holder of a State of Nevada operators license.

(i)	he signature of each applicant and of the person or persons to be in immediate
charge of such vehicle as operator or chauffeur, as provided in subdivision (f) supra, shall
be acknowledged before a Notary Public or some other officer or magistrate duly authorized
to administer oaths.

Section 3. Security to be Furnished - Every Person, firm association or corporation
engaged in operating taxicabs, rent car service or ary vehicle as herein defined, for hire
in the City of Las Vegas shall furnish automobile liability policy for payment of damages
by reason or personal injury or death to any person or persons of at least Five Thousand
($5,000.00) Dollars, and for damage to property of a least Five Thousand ($5,000.00) Dollars,
resulting from any one accident.

When any person, firm, association or Corporation is operating more than one (l) vehicle
as herein defined for hire at any one time in the City of Las Vegas, the said owner shall
furnish an additional automobile liability policy for each additional car operated.

Section 3b. Any person, firm, association or corporation operating any rent service
known as drive-ur-self service, wherein cars are rented to individuals to drive themselves,
or any individual person renting his or her privately owned car to any individual to
drive, shall post the same bond, insurance policy or security as herein provided for taxicabs
or rent service cars, and for failure to do so will be guilty of a violation of this
ordinance, and subject to the penalty thereof.

Automobile liability policy or policies furnished as herein provided shall be a motor
vehicle liability policy of an insurance company authorized to transact business in the