5.	Cooperate with every law enforcement agency, and give such aid and information as such agency shall
be entitled to receive;

6.	Furnish the Chief of Police with any and all reports when requested:

7.	Upon discharging his firearm or becoming engaged in physical combat or serious altercation,
telephone the headquarters of the police division in which the incident occurred at once, giving a report to
the officer in charge, and thereafter, as soon as possible, make a full, written, signed report at a police
station;

8.	Return his Special Police Officer's badge to the Chief of Police immediately after he has sev-
ered his employment with any private patrol, or immediately after he has ceased to perform the duties of a
Special Police Officer;

9.	At no time conduct himself by word or manner to lead others to believe that he is a regular
police officer of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 9. No Special Police Officer shall:

1.	Carry a blackjack, or other deadly weapon, unless authorized by the Chief of Police, provided,
however, that said Special Police Officer may carry a firearm;

2.	Perform the duties of a Special Police Officer while under the influence of intoxicants;

3.	Partake of intoxicants while on duty as a Special Police Officer or while in uniform though
not on duty;

4. Permit anyone to use the commission or badge issued to him;

5.	Wear any uniform of a pattern, design, or in the semblance of the uniform duly adopted by the
Board of City Commissioners for the use of regular members of the Las Vegas Police Department, or wear any
badge or insignia of a pattern or design that may be mistaken for or confounded with the badge or insignia
of a regular police officer;

6.	Interfere with, or attempt to influence, the lawful business of any person;

7.	Loiter around, enter for purposes of patronizing, or patronize any house of ill fame or other
place used for prostitution, unlawful use of narcotics or prohibited drugs, or other places where immoral
or illegal acts or practices are carried on.

Section 10. No person shall work as a Special Police Officer in the City of Las Vegas, without
first having secured a commission from the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas, as in this ordinance
provided.

Section 11. No person shall manufacture, make, sell, design or transfer any Official Police Officer's
Badge or Special Police Officer's Badge without the written authorization of the Chief of Police therefor;
such person may deliver such badges only to the Chief of Police, and may manufacture only the number of badges
authorized by the Chief of Police. Nothing in this section shall be construed as affecting the manner in
which contracts for the purchases of badges by the City shall be let.

Section 12. It shall be unlawful for any person to wilfully wear, exhibit, use or wilfully make,
sell, loan, give, or transfer to another any badge, insignia, emblem, device, or any label, certificate,
card or writing, which falsely purports to be authorized for the use of one who by law is given the author-
ity of a peace officer, or which so resembles the authorized badge, insignia, emblem, device, label, certi-
ficate, card or writing of a peace officer as would deceive an ordinary reasonable person into believing
that it is authorized for the use of one who by law is given the authority of a police officer.

Section 13. PENALTY. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall, upon
conviction thereof be punished by a fine not to exceed Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment
in the City Jail not to exceed six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.



Section 14. REPEAL OF CONFLICTING ORDINANCES. All ordinances or parts of ordinances inconsistent
with the provisions of this ordinance, be and the same are hereby repealed.

Section 15. The provisions of this ordinance shall be severable, and if any of said provisions, or
the application thereof to any person, body or circumstances, shall be held to be invalid or unconstitutional,
the remainder of this ordinance, or the application of such provisions to persons, bodies or circumstances
other than those as to which it shall have been held invalid or unconstitutional, shall not be affected
thereby. It is hereby declared as the intent of the Board of Commissioners that this ordinance would have
been adopted had such invalid or unconstitutional provision, or the application thereof to persons, bodies
or circumstances as to which it shall have been held invalid and unconstitutional, not been included therein.

Section 16. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next
section provided, and final passage.

Section 17. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

MAYOR

/s/ Shirley Ballinger______

City Clerk

*

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 5th day of November, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Clark and
Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said Committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 7th