ORDINANCE NUMBER 279

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 1 OF ORDINANCE NO. 266 OF THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS, AMENDING SECTION
7 OF ORDINANCE 210 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED "AN ORDINANCE TO FIX, IMPOSE, AND PROVIDE
FOR THE COLLECTION OF A LICENSE TAX ON MOTOR PROPELLED VEHICLES OPERATED FOR HIRE, AND TO
REGULATE THE OPERATION AND RUNNING OF THE SAME, WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS: FIXING A PENALTY
FOR THE VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDINANCE: AND REPEALING ORDINANCE NO.

100 AND ALL THE ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1 of said Ordinance No. 266, amending Section 7 of said Ordinance No. 210 is hereby
amended to read as follows:

CERTAIN ACTS UNLAWFUL— It shall be unlawful:

(a)	To operate a vehicle as herein defined, within the City of Las Vegas without having first
obtained a license, provided the security as herein provided, and paid the prescribed tax
therefor, as in this ordinance provided;

(b)	To fail to display the state, county or city license number of such vehicle;

(c) To permit passengers to ride on the running boards or sit upon the doors of such vehicle,
and to permit more than one person to ride with the operator or chauffeur;

(d)	To operate any vehicle at a rate of speed in excess of that fixed by the laws of the State
of Nevada and the ordinances of the City of Las Vegas;

(e)	To fail to come to a full stop within twenty-five (25) feet of the nearest rail of any
steam railroad when approaching the same, and to proceed across said Railroad track without
first determining that no engine, car or train is approaching in the direction of said
vehicle.

(f)	To alter the seating capacity of any vehicle so as to make the seating capacity thereof
greater than is provided for by the license under which it is operated, without the consent
of the Board of City Commissioners.

(g)	To fail, refuse or neglect to operate such vehicle in accordance with the designated
tariff of fares and during the hours set forth in the application made for such vehicle
license, except on Sundays and a reasonable time for going to and from meals, and in case
of accidents, break-downs or other casualties, or upon the surrender of said license.

(h)	To park a vehicle, as herein defined, on Fremont Street, Ogden Street, or Carson Street,
between Main Street and Seventh Street; or to park a vehicle on Main Street, First Street,

Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street, Fifth Street, Sixth Street or Seventh Street,
between Carson Street and Ogden Street; provided, however, that vehicles may park on these
Streets in those zones specified by the Police Department, as reserved for the vehicles;
provided, further that a vehicle, as herein defined, may park on any street or alley in the
city of Las Vegas, when parking for the purpose of discharging a passenger or passengers.

(i)	It shall be unlawful for any person to act as driver, operator, or chauffeur of any rent
service car or taxicab within the City of Las Vegas without first obtaining from the City
Clerk a badge authorizing him to act in such capacity, said badge to be numbered and to be
registered with the City Clerk and not to be transferable. Before obtaining said badge it will
be necessary for every operator, driver or chauffer desiring to obtain said badge to make
application to the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas, be fingerprinted first and furnish
said Chief of Police three (3) Photographs of himself, and to pass such examination as to his
qualifications before the Chief of Police. Said examination to consist of tests and the traffic
laws in the City of Las Vegas and State of Nevada and the driving and operation of a motor
vehicle, and applicant shall furnish credentials as to his sobriety and good character.

Said Chief of Police shall have the duty to either grant said applicant permission to obtain
an operators badge or to refuse the granting of same, after the completion of the examination.

If permission is granted to the applicant the Chief of Police shall furnish him with a
certificate entitling him to obtain a badge upon the presentation of the same to the City
Clerk. The applicant shall then present such certificate from the Chief of Police to the
City Clerk and upon the payment of the fee of $2.50 will obtain a badge the number of the
same being registered with the City Clerk together with the name, age and address of the op-
erator or chauffeur and said badge shall be at all times worn by said operator or chauffeur
in plain sight upon his cap or right breast.

In addition to the badge and identification card with the picture of the chauffeur, his name,
age and address and the number of the badge, must be in plain view in the car or taxicab
operated by said chauffeur.

(j)	All taxicab drivers in the City of Las Vegas must keep and maintain a record of each trip
made showing time and place and number of passengers and place where said passengers were picked
up and place of destination.

Section 2. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in the las
Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of two weeks.

Howell C. Garrison
Mayor

Attest: Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

SEAL

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this 4th.
day of September A.D. 194-2, by the following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and Mayor Garrison.

Voting No:	None.

Absent:	Commissioner Clark.		 

Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk