if residing within the City of Las Vegas, and if not, then the person having care, custody
and control thereof; or who has in his possession or harbors said dog, together with the
number and date of registration. For each dog so registered, as provided herein, there
shall be charged the following sums:

For each female dog	 $5.00

For each spayed female dog §2.50
For each male dog	§2.50

Provided, however, that for each dog kept in or belonging to a kennel, the regis-
tration fee shall be One Dollar ($1.00) for each and every dog in said dog kennel; and
provided, further, that the minimum fee for registering said Dog Kennel shall be the sum
of Ten Dollars ($10.00).

Section 5. The registration fee provided in this ordinance shall be due and
payable on the first day of January of each year, and the same shall be charged against and
be payable by the said owner or person having the care, custody and control, or who has
in his possession or harbors, said dog or dogs, as aforesaid. Upon the payment of the
registration fee, as provided in Section 4 hereof, there shall be delivered to the person
making such payment a metal tag, with the number and year, and the words "Dog Tag, City
of Las Vegas," stamped thereon, and such tag, while it is attached to the collar upon the
neck of such dog shall exempt same from being impounded during the calendar year designated
on said tag, except as hereinafter provided for vicious or dangerous dogs and female dogs
in heat.

Section 6. Every person, firm or corporation owning, operating or maintaining
a Dog Kennel within the City of Las Vegas must first apply for and obtain a permit from
the City of Las Vegas to so keep and maintain said dog kennel. Such permit when so issued
shall be numbered and the number thereof entered in the Dog Register Book, together with
other data required to sufficiently describe said dog kennel. A "Dog Kennel" within the
meaning of this ordinance shall be a pack or collection of dogs, exceeding three in number,
kept and bred for hunting or sale, and does not mean merely the house or place where same
are kept.

Section 7. Any animal found trespassing upon any private enclosure in the City
of Las Vegas may be taken up by the party owning such enclosure, or his agent, and com-
mitted to the poundmaster, who shall hold the same subject to reasonable demand for damages
in addition to the fees prescribed in this ordinance.

Section 8. The poundmaster shall keep a true, accurate and complete record of
the number and description of all animals taken into his custody, with the hour and date of
their impounding and the hour, date and manner of their disposition, and shall keep
conspicuously posted at the entrance of the pound, a list of animals detained therein. He
shall provide the necessary subsistence for animals while in his custody and shall not alter
nor suffer to be altered, any mark or brand thereon, and shall not suffer cruel treatment
thereof.

Section 9. All animals, excepting dogs, taken into the custody of the pound-
master, if not redeemed within twenty-four (24) hours thereafter, may be sold by the pound-
master, after giving at least three (3) days notice of such sale. If no purchaser can be
found upon such sale the poundmaster may dispose of the animal by gift, and in the case of
a cat or fowl, may destroy the same.

Section 10. The notice shall describe the animal and shall state the time and
place of sale, and shall be posted in three public places in the city, one of which notices
shall be posted at the entrance of the pound. At the time advertised, the poundmaster shall
sell all of the animals so advertised at public auction to the highest bidder for cash.

The proceeds of such sale shall be immediately paid by the poundmaster to the treasurer
of the City of Las Vegas, who shall, after first deducting the fees and charges, pay over
the surplus proceeds to the owner of such animal sold upon a warrant ordered by the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, if claimed within six months thereafter.

Section 11. The owner or person entitled to the possession and control of any
animal impounded, may at any time before the sale or other disposition thereof, redeem
same by paying the poundmaster all fees and charges thereon, and if a dog, by paying the
fee for registration thereof, in addition, if not already paid.

Section 12, The poundmaster shall charge and collect the following fees and
charges from persons redeeming animals taken up or impounded:

For taking up and impounding any animal, excepting
dogs, weighing up to One Hundred Pounds, the sum
of Two Dollars ($2.00), and for those weighing
over One Hundred Pounds, the sum of Five Dollars
($5.00).

For keeping dogs, cats, birds and fowl, Fifty
(50) Cents per day.

For keeping other animals weighing up to One
Hundred Pounds, One Dollar ($1.00) Per day,
and for those weighing over One Hundred Pounds,

Two Dollars ($2.00) per day.

Section 13. Any person rescuing, or attempting to rescue any animal from the
possession of the poundmaster while about to convey the same to the pound, or in any way,
directly or indirectly, removing or delivering the same from said pound, or from the
possession of said poundmaster, or causing or enabling same to escape therefrom, shall be