dates, to-wit: September 12 and 19, 1949	 That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each

of the dates above named.

Signed Carl Woodbury

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th day of September, 1949 .

S/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County,

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.	Nevada

ORDINANCE NO. 388.

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE RETAIL SALE OF CIGARETTE PAPERS, CIGARETTES, CIGARS, TOBACCO IN ANY FORM, AND
TOBACCO PRODUCTS; PROVIDING FOR THE LICENSING OF PERSONS SELLING AT RETAIL ANY CIGARETTE PAPERS, CIGARETTES,
CIGARS, TOBACCO IN ANY FORM OR TOBACCO PRODUCTS; PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF, AND OTHER
MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. LICENSE REQUIRED. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to sell,
offer for sale, expose for sale, or keep with the intention of selling or exchanging at retail in any es-
tablishment or upon any premises in the City, any cigarette papers, cigarettes, cigars, tobacco in any form,
or tobacco products, without first obtaining a license therefor from the City of Las Vegas. Such license shall
be designated as a "Retail Tobacco Dealer's License." Such license shall be in addition to any other license
or licenses that may be required by the City and shall authorize the licensee to engage in no other business
than that described herein.

SECTION 2. DECLARATION OF POLICY. It is hereby declared to be the policy of this ordinance that
all establishments where cigarette papers, cigarettes, cigars, tobacco in any form, or tobacco products, are
sold at retail in the City of Las Vegas, shall be licensed and controlled so as to protect the public health,
safety, morals, good order and general welfare of the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas, and to safeguard
the public, and to foster and encourage competition by prohibiting unfair and discriminatory trade practices
and predatory merchandising practices by which fair and honest competition is destroyed or prevented. It is
hereby made the duty of the Chief of Police to investigate into the qualifications of each applicant for license
before any such license is issued to the end that licenses shall not be issued to unqualified or disqualified
persons or for unsuitable locations and places.

To better define the policy of this ordinance the following persons are declared to be not qualified
to hold a license under the provisions of this ordinance:

1.	A	person	who	does not	possess a good moral	character.

2.	A	person	who	does not	have a reputation in	the City for possessing a good moral character.

3.	A	person	who	has been	convicted within the	past five years of any crime of which fraud or intent

to defraud was an element.

4. A person who has been convicted of unlawfully possessing or distributing drugs.

5.	A person who is under the age of twenty-one (21) years.

6.	A person who has been convicted of selling or giving tobacco in any form to a person under the age
of twenty-one (21) years of age.

7.	A person who has violated any provisions of this ordinance.

8.	A person who the City Commissioners shall determine is not a suitable person to receive a license
under the provisions of this ordinance, having due consideration for the proper protection of the public health,
safety, morals, good order and general welfare of the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 3. DUTIES OF CHIEF OF POLICE. It shall be the duty of the Chief of Police:

(a) To inspect or cause to be inspected any premises for which a retail tobacco dealer's license

is sought;

(b)	To investigate into the qualifications of all applicants for licenses as provided in this
ordinance and report the result of his investigation to the City Commissioners and to recommend the allowance
or disallowance of any application for a license under the provisions of this ordinance;

(c)	To recommend to the City Commissioners the revocation of any license issued under the provisions
of this ordinance when a licensee has refused to comply with, or has violated any of the provisions of this
ordinance, or who shall be deemed to be no longer a suitable person to hold a license under the provisions of
this ordinance having due regard and consideration for the proper protection of the public health, safety,
morals, good order and general welfare of the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas.

(d) From time to time to inspect and examine all places where cigarette papers, cigarettes, cigars,
tobacco in any form or tobacco products are licensed to be sold at retail within the City, with a view to as-
certaining whether the laws of the State and the provisions of this ordinance are being complied with at such
places, and it shall be his duty to cause all such laws and provisions to be rigorously enforced.

SECTION 4. ILLEGAL TO DELIVER TOBACCO TO MINORS. It shall be unlawful for any person or persons
within the City to sell or give to any person under the age of twenty-one (21) years, any cigarette paper or
cigarette dr cigar or tobacco in any form or tobacco product, except that upon the written order of the parent
or guardian of the minor, the holder of a retail tobacco dealer's license applied to may give or sell to the
minor, for the use of the guardian or parent, cigarette papers, cigarettes, cigars, tobacco in any form or
tobacco products; said written request to be kept on file by the seller or giver of the article so sold or
given away.