This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting held on the
19th day of October , 1943 at which time it was proposed, considered and voted
upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Age a weekly
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two con-
secutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And, it was thereafter read aloud
to the Board for a second time at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 2nd day of

November, 1943.

Voting aye: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith, Mayor Cragin.

Voting No: None________

APPROVED:

E. W. Cragin________

Mayor

ATTEST:

Helen Sco
City

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss.
COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dorothy D. Brimacombe being duly sworn , deposes and
says that she is general manager of the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 286
was published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Oct. 22,

1943 to Oct. 29. 1943 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: Oct. 22, 29, 1943. That said newspaper was re-
gularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named. That the
legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $148.50.

/s/ Dorothy D. Brimacombe_______

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of November 1943.

                              /s/ C. D. Breeze 

	Notary Public in and for Clark, County

Nevada.

My commission expires June 9, 1947 .

Each slot machine, except penny slot machines, shall pay a license fee of $20.00 per
quarter, payable quarterly in advance for each handle on said slot machine. The license for
penny slot machines shall be $50.00 per quarter for each handle bn said penny slot machine.

The game of Keno, Bingo, Tango or Bank Keno shall be licensed at the rate of $30.00
per quarter, payable quarterly in advance and in addition thereto shall pay a license fee or
charge of $1.50 per quarter per chair for each chair used in the conduct of said game.

Race Horse Keno shall be licensed at the rate of $250.00 per quarter, payable quarterly
in advance.

The licenses above mentioned shall entitle the holder or holders or his or their
employees or employee, to carry on, conduct and operate the specific slot machine game or
device for which said license is issued in the particular room and premises described therein,
but not for any other slot machine, game or device in any other place than the room and
premises so described, for a period of one quarter of a year next succeeding the date of
issuance of said license; provided that no license shall be granted for any portion of any
quarter for a less amount than the full quarterly license; and the end of said quarter
shall be the last days of March, June, September and December of each year; provided further
that the licensee shall be entitled to carry on, conduct and operate two or more slot
machines, games or devices mentioned in Section 1 of Ordinance No. 165 in the same room, by
paying the license fee herein provided for, for each slot machine, game or device and other-
wise complying with the terms of this section. Each license shall specify upon the face
thereof the name of the licensee, and a particular description of the particular room or
premises in which the licensee intends to carry on, conduct or operate any one slot machine,
game or device mentioned in Section 1 of Ordinance No. 165 and shall specify the particular
type of slot machine, or the particular device, by name; any license issued under the pro-
visions of the ordinance shall not be transferable by the licensee to any other person firm,
association or corporation and shall be valid only for the particular room and premises
described therein and the specified slot machine, game or device for which it is issued. No

license money paid under this ordinance shall be refunded whether the slot machine, game or
device for which any license was issued has voluntarily ceased or has been revoked under the
provisions of this ordinance herein provided, or for any other reason. The license fees
herein provided shall be in addition to those collected by the Sheriff of Clerk County or
any other authorized authority.

Section 2. This ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as an emergency