Act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada entitled: "AN ACT TO DEFINE, REGULATE AND LICENSE REAL
ESTATE BROKERS AND REAL ESTATE SALESMEN; TO CREATE A STATE REAL ESTATE BOARD, AND TO PROVIDE A PENALTY
FOR VIOLATION OF THE PROVISIONS THEREOF, AND TO REPEAL ALL ACTS AND PARTS OF ACTS IN CONFLICT THEREWITH,"
approved March 27, 1947.

(b)	Each real estate broker licensed hereunder shall erect and maintain a sign in a conspicuous
place upon the premises whereon or wherein his business is being conducted to indicate he is a licensed
real estate broker. The name of said broker or the name under which he conducts his business, if the same
be a fictitious name, set forth in his license, or the name of any copartnership, association or corpora-
tion licensed hereunder, shall be clearly shown on such sign. The size and place of said sign shall con-
form to whatever regulations governing the same may be adopted by the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, but in no case shall the minimum requirements therefor be less than those called for
by the Act, aforesaid, of the Legislature of the State of Nevada and the Rules and Regulations of the
Nevada State Real Estate Board. Similar signs shall also be erected and maintained in a conspicuous
place at any and all branch offices wherein or whereon such real estate broker shall conduct his business.

Section 6.

(a) The following license fees shall be charged by and paid to the City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas by all persons, copartnerships, associations, or corporations who are required to be licensed
under the provisions of this ordinance.

1.	For each Real Estate Broker, a license fee of Forty Dollars ($40.00) per annum, payable
Ten Dollars ($10.00) quarterly on the first day of January, April, July and October of each year, except
as hereinafter provided.

2. For each Real Estate Salesman, a license fee of Fifteen Dollars ($15.00) per annum, payable
Three and 75/100th Dollars ($3.75) quarterly on the first day of January, April, July and October of each
year.

3.	For each branch office broker license, One Dollar ($1.00) per year.

4. For each change of name or address, a fee of Fifty Cents (50¢).

5. For each transfer of real estate salesman's license or change of employer, a fee of Fifty
Cents (50¢).

(b) Where there shall be not to exceed two persons, members of a real estate firm or copartner-
ship, or officers of a corporation engaged or employed in the prosecution of the real estate business, the
annual license fee for each and every main office shall be Forty Dollars ($40.00), payable in quarterly
installments as provided for in this section. The annual license fee for each branch office shall be the
same as provided and fixed in this section.

Where there shall be more than two persons, members of a firm or copartnership, or officers of
a corporation engaged or employed in the prosecution of the business, the annual license fee shall be the
sum of Forty Dollars ($40.00) and in addition thereto the sum of Ten ($10.00) for each and every person,
member of a firm or copartnership, officer of a corporation, in excess of such two persons engaged or
employed in the prosecution of such business, provided, however, that the license fee for each branch
office shall be as fixed in paragraph 3 of this section. Where any person, who is required under the
provisions of this ordinance to be licensed hereunder, is the holder of a Real Estate Broker License
issued by the Nevada State Real Estate Board, and is not operating as an independent broker, but is
associated with and/or employed by another duly licensed real estate broker in the capacity of a real
estate salesman, such person shall be exempt from the provisions of Paragraph 1 of this section, pro-
vided as follows:

(1)	That there is filed with the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a statement in writing
signed by a real estate broker duly licensed by the Nevada State Real Estate Board and the City of Las
Vegas, setting forth that the applicant broker is in fact employed as a real estate salesman by the
broker signing such statement.

(2) That there be filed with the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a statement executed by
an officer of the Nevada State Real Estate Board addressed to the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
setting forth that said Board has on file a verified statement that the applicant for such real estate
salesman license is employed by another real estate broker in the capacity of a real estate salesman
and that said applicant is not engaged in the real estate business as an independent broker on his

own behalf, or as a partner or associate of such employing broker.

Section 7.

(a)	Renewal of real estate broker and real estate salesman licenses shall be automatically
effected by the City Clerk upon payment of the required fees therefor. Failure of a real estate broker
or real estate salesman to pay the fee required hereunder to keep such license in good standing, within
ten (10) days from payment date specified above, shall result in automatic cancellation of the license
of a real estate broker or salesman and such licensee shall be prohibited from engaging in the real
estate business in the City of Las Vegas until such license has been properly reinstated upon the
payment of a "re-instating fee" of One Dollar ($1.00) plus any other fees, in arrears and due as pro-
vided for in this ordinance.

(b)	Payment within the specified time limit of the fees required in this ordinance of a
real estate broker or salesman shall entitle such licensee to continue operating under the provisions of
this ordinance until notified in writing that renewal has been denied, provided, however, that the City
Clerk shall not renew the license of any real estate broker or real estate salesman unless such real
estate broker or real estate salesman is the holder of an unrevoked, unsuspended, and uncancelled lic-
ense issued by the Nevada State Real Estate Board.

(c)	In case a broker fails to obtain renewal of his license by paying the required fee within
the specified time limit, the licenses of all salesmen in his employ shall be automatically cancelled and
shall not be reinstated until the license of the broker has been properly reinstated, except that in such
cases the salesmen shall have the privilege, upon filing proper application therefor, to transfer to
another broker-employer without penalty.

(d)	The change or abandonment of a business location of a real estate broker or real estate
salesman without giving proper notification to the City Clerk and either obtaining a new license for the