1.	No building shall hereafter be erected, nor shall any use of land be conducted so that the
same will be closer to the right of way line of any street than any Official Plan Line or any building line
which has been established for such a street by the Street and Highway Plan, or section thereof, of the
Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas, or than any future width line or building line which may be specified
therefor by the provisions of Section XX of this ordinance.

2.	Every building or portion thereof which is designed, intended and/or used for any purpose
permitted in "R" Districts or for any other residential or dwelling purpose shall comply with the provisions
of this ordinance as to yards which are required in the "R-4" Districts provided, that when the ground floor
of any such building is used for any commercial or light industrial purpose, no side yard shall be required
for such ground floor, except as otherwise provided by this ordinance.

3.	There shall be a side yard along the side of every lot in an M-1 district which lot is not
bounded by an alley and which side is bordering on property in any "R" District, which side yard shall be of
width not less than the width of a side yard as required in the "R-4" Districts.

SECTION XVIII: M-2 (HEAVY INDUSTRY) DISTRICT REGULATIONS.

A.	Uses Permitted:

1. Heavy manufacturing and industry, and any other use of land not otherwise prohibited by law,

except:

(a)	Those uses excluded by paragraph B of this Section.

(b)	Those uses listed in paragraph C of this Section unless a permit therefor shall have first
been granted in accordance with the procedure therein set forth, and that no provisions of said Section are
violated thereby.

B.	Uses Excluded:

1. The following uses shall be prohibited in the M-2 District unless such uses are incidental to
and accessory to, and located on the same lot or parcel of land as the uses specifically permitted by para-
graph A of this Section:

(a)	Any dwelling;

(b) Hotels; automobile courts; civic or social clubs; lodging and boarding houses; churches;

(c) Hospitals, institutions or homes for the reception, care, treatment or convalescence of
children, the aged, the sick or wounded, or the mentally infirm.

C.	Uses Requiring a Permit:

1. The following uses shall be prohibited in the M-2 District unless a use permit as hereinafter
provided shall have first been obtained therefor:

(a)	The manufacture; processing; compounding; treatment; or storage of any chemical; acid; gas
or products thereof; gunpowder; fireworks; explosives; fertilizer; glue; potash; paint, oil, shellac, turpentine,
or varnish; soap; petroleum; tar distillation or products; coal tar products; wood distillation or products;
oil cloth or oiled products; plastics; rubber or gutta percha products.

(b)	The processing of organic or animal products, or animal by-products, including fish; or
any organic refuse or garbage; slaughter houses and packing houses (except poultry and rabbits); tanning,
curing or storage of rawhides or refining or grease or lard manufacture or refining or rendering from animal
fat; crematory.

(c)	Refuse dumps or rubbish dumps, including burning; livestock feed yards; stock yards; hog
farms; incineration or reduction of garbage, dead animals, offal or refuse; animal hospitals.

(d)	Commercial excavation or extraction of rock, gravel, sand, clay or any material from the
surface or below the surface of the earth: brick, tile or terra cotta manufacture ( except handcrafts products
only); rock crusher, stone mill or quarry; cement, lime, gypsum or plaster of paris manufacture; central mixing
plant for cement, mortar, plaster or paving materials including asphalt and bituminous materials or products.

(e)	Smelters; blast furnaces; ore reduction; boiler or tank works; forge plant or rolling mills;
foundry; metal fabrication plant.

(f)	Salvage or junk yard except when conducted in a building enclosed on all sides or where

enclosed	by	a	fence	in such a manner as may be specified by the Planning	Commission.

(g)	All	other uses which, in the opinion of the Planning	Commission, are of	such	a nature as

to be or become similarly objectionable, offensive or obnoxious to property owners or residents of adjacent
residential and commercial districts by reason of the emission of odors, fumes, gasses, dust, smoke, soot,
noise, vibration or other reason.

(h)	All	of the uses enumerated under this subsection (C)	or any other uses which	when in the

opinion of	the	Planning	Commission, will not endanger the public health,	safety, or general	welfare, or be

inconsistent with the general purposes of this ordinance may be permitted with or without conditions.

If the property intended for such proposed use is less than one thousand (1000) feet from any residential or
commercial boundary of the zone district in which it lies, or if the proposed use will tend, in the opinion of
the Planning Commission, to endanger in any way the public health, safety, or general welfare, or to produce
results inconsistent with the general purposes of this Ordinance, such use shall not be permitted.

D.	Building Height Limit:

The maximum building height shall be four (X) stories or fifty (50) feet. Additional height may
be permitted as provided in the Height Regulations for the "C-2" District.

E.	Yards Required:

None except: