BLOCK:	LOT:	OWNER:	ASSESSMENT:

Ferguson, Dr. F. M.

Shamburger, Hugh
Mikkelsen, Elmer and Effie
Mikkelsen, Elmer and Effie
Van Meter, J. N. and Ruth
Van Meter, J. N. and Ruth
Ferron, W. E. and Ruth
Ferron, W. E. and Ruth
Grant, A. C.

Park, Wm. S. and Jno. S. (W½ Lot 2
(Except W 180' of S. 242' of N. 951'
and Except E½NW¼NW¼NE¼ Less E.130'
of North 40') —-14.02 Acres, Section
3, Twp 21, Range 61

Taylor, Ryland G. and Myrtle B.

(W 180' of S. 242' of N 951' in
Lot 2, —1 Acre, Section 3,

Twp 21, Range 61)

Park, Williams S. and Mary Belle Park
(E½ NW¼ NW¼ NE¼ (Less E 130' of N 40'
4.98 Acres, Section 3, Twp 21, Range
61)

Section 7. The total approximate amount to be levied and collected as Special
Assessment against the several lots and premises hereinbefore designated and described for the
purpose aforesaid, is as follows, to-wit: Thirty-five Thousand Three Hundred and Sixty-two
Dollars and ninety-nine cents ($35,362.99)

Section 8. All assessments when due and payable, as aforesaid, shall be paid to the
County Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Receiver of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
Ex-Officio Treasurer and Tax Receiver of the City of Las Vegas, who shall place the same in what
shall be known as "Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3 Fund", and no portion thereof shall
be paid out of said Treasury, except upon claims duly allowed by the said Board of Commissioners,
for the purpose of defraying the cost and expense of making said improvements as aforesaid, and
for no other purpose until the same is fully paid, provided, however, that if it becomes necessary
to draw upon the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas, for the purpose of defraying any part
of the cost and expense of making any of the said improvements as in this Ordinance contained,
that the said General Fund of the City of Las Vegas, shall be reimbursed by funds transferred
from the said Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3 Fund to the extent of the amount drawn
from the General Fund as soon as said Improvement Fund shall be in condition to permit the
transfer.

Section 9. That if, after the expiration of fifty days from the date of the con-
firmation and recording of said Special Assessment Roll, as in this Ordinance contained, there
shall remain due and unpaid, any of the said special assessments as contained in said Roll,
the said Board of Commissioners within a reasonable time thereafter, shall by Ordinance provide
for the issuance of bonds for the amount of the unpaid assessments, in accordance with the terms
and provisions of "An Act to authorize municipalities to issue bonds for the purpose of paying
the cost of municipal improvements for which special assessments are levied," approved March
13, 1909, as amended, and also in conformity with the provisions of the Charter of the City
of Las Vegas.

Section 10. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication
and final passage.

The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to cause
this Ordinance to be published in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately
following its first reading.

This Ordinance was read aloud for the first time, proposed, considered and voted
upon this fourth day of December, 1936. Voting Ayes: Commissioners Down, Marble, Krause
and Perry, and His Honor, the Mayor, L. L. Arnett. Voting Nays: None. Absent: None.

L. L. Arnett, Mayor of
the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:

Viola Burns City Clerk
and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas.

( CITY SEAL )