(e)	Said permit, or any renewal thereof, may be revoked by the Board of Commissioners
at any time upon the failure or refusal of the holder of said permit to complete the constr-
uction of the driveway within thirty (30) days after the curb has been broken or any other
work has been commenced in the construction of said driveway.

(f)	Said permit, or any renewal thereof, may be revoked by the Board of Commissioners
at any time upon the abandonment or nonuse of said driveway for a reasonable time for the
purposes for which the permit was granted, or the abandonment or nonuse for a reasonable

time of the purposes of the property or business which said driveway was authorized to serve.

(g)	The City of Las Vegas shall not be estopped for any reason whatever to suspend,
revoke or cancel said permit or any renewal thereof as herein provided.

(h)	Upon the termination of said permit, or any renewal thereof, by revocation,
expiration, or otherwise, the rights, privileges and authority granted thereby shall thereupon
cease and determine, and the driveway shall be removed, and the sidewalk, curb and other
public property where said driveway shall have been located shall be restored to their original
condition and location in accordance with the specifications and under the direction of

the City Engineer, and according to the ordinances and regulations of the City of Las Vegas,
so that said sidewalk, curb and other public property shall be safe for public travel, and
said work shall be done at the sole expense of the holder of said permit and without cost
or expense of any kind whatever to the City of Las Vegas, provided, that in the event of the
failure, neglect or refusal on the part of the holder of said permit to remove the driveway
and affect the restoration of the sidewalk, curb and other public property when directed
in writing so to do by the City Engineer, the City of Las Vegas may proceed to remove the
driveway and restore the sidewalk, curb and other public property and charge the expense
thereof to the holder of said permit.

Section 6. In the event the City Engineer shall refuse to issue the permit herein
provided, the applicant therefor may, within thirty (30) days from the date of such refusal,
appeal to the Board of Commissioners for a review of the action of the City Engineer. If,
upon such review, the Board of Commissioners shall find that the construction and maintenance
of said driveway will find that the construction and maintenance of said driveway will not
substantially impair, endanger, or interfere with the public safety, it may direct the
issuance of a permit by the City Engineer for a driveway of such width, grade, type of
construction, design and dimensions, and at such location as the Board of Commissioners
shall consider proper in the furtherance of public safety, and said driveway, with curb and
gutter returns, shall be located and constructed according to the specifications of the
Board of Commissioners and under the direction of the City Engineer, and according to the
ordinances and regulations of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 7. All permits heretofore issued by the City of Las Vegas for the constr-
uction and maintenance of driveways are hereby cancelled, revoked and annulled to take
effect upon the expiration of ten (10) days from the date of the adoption of this ordinance.
Where any such driveways now exist, new applications for permits shall be made in accordance
with the provisions of this ordinance. Where no such application is made and no permit
issued as herein provided, said driveways shall be removed and the sidewalk, curb and other
public property where said driveways shall be located shall be restored to their original
condition and location as provided in Section 5 (h) hereof.

Section 8. Any person who violates any of the provisious of this ordinance shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine
of not more than Three Hundred Dollars ($300.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for
not more than one hundred fifty (150) days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 9. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions
hereof are hereby repealed.

Section 10. This ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as an emergency
ordinance and shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 11. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas, for a period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that, by the unanimous consent of the whole Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, the foregoing ordinance was read in full when first introduced at
a regular meeting of said Board held on the 7th day of January, 1948, and was passed as an
emergency ordinance upon said reading on said date, on the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor

Cragin.

Voting "No": None

Absent: None.

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed_______ E. W. Cragin__________________________________________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

DICK LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Jan 9th to Jan 16th 1948 inclusive
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Jan 9-16. That said news-
paper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed	Dick Lochrie