SEAL OF CITY OF	FIRST PARTY

LAS VEGAS

ATTEST:

VIOLA BURNS

City Clerk

WESTERN AIR EXPRESS CORPORATION

BY L. H. DWERLKOTTE___________

Its Vice-President

SECOND PARTY

SEAL OF THE WESTERN
AIR EXPRESS CORPORATION

ATTEST:

ERNEST H. BROWN
Asst. Secretary

Section 3. That all of the terms and conditions of said Escrow as set forth in the
above, ratified and confirmed, and the execution thereof by the City of Las Vegas and the
delivery thereof to said Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company, Las Vegas, Nevada, are
hereby approved, ratified and confirmed.

Section 4. That the lease of said Airport, comprising the above mentioned real es-
tate and all improvements thereon, together with the personal property above described
from the City of Las Vegas to said Western Air Express Corporation, which is attached to
said Escrow Instructions and a copy of which is on file in the office of the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, contains among other provisions the following more important
provisions, namely:

1.	Granting to said Western Air Express Corporation, the following rights and
privileges;

(a)	The use, in common with others authorized so to do, of said Airport and
appurtenances, for a period of thirty years from the day on which the City of
Las Vegas acquires title to said Airport.

(b)	The exclusive right for a period of fifteen years to sell to owners and
operators of transient aircraft, gasoline, oil, greases, lubricants, and other
fuel, at current market price, provided that during the last five years of such
privileges, said Western Air Express Corporation shall pay to the City of Las
Vegas the sum of two cents per gallon for each gallon of gasoline so sold.

(c)	Upon completion by the City of a hangar upon said Airport, the exclusive
use of sufficient space therein for housing and maintaining adequate facilities
for normal and routine repairs and maintenance of its aircraft, and, so long

as unrented space is available and until Lessee shall construct its own hangar,
sufficient space for the storage of one airplane when required by Lessee.

(d)	The right to construct on said Airport a hangar, shop, fuel tanks, and other
buildings, equipment and facilities required by Lessee in connection with its ope-
rations.

(e)	The first choice of location and the exclusive use of 750 square feet of
space in the administration building to be constructed by the City on said Air-
port, provided the cost of said building does not exceed $50,000, and if such
cost exceeds $50,000 then the Lessee shall be entitled to use 1,000 square feet
of space therein, for sale of tickets, manifesting of passengers and cargo, hand-
ling of mail, baggage and cargo, and similar uses, including offices therefor and
for general traffic operations and communications.

(f)	In common with other airlines, the right to erect, maintain, and operate
poles, antenna, equipment, and facilities on and about said Airport, as Lessee
may deem necessary for its operation of remote control radio receiving and trans-
mitting equipment, the location thereof to be subject to the approval of the City.

(g)	The use by Lessee, its employees, passengers, guests, patrons and invitees,
in common with others, of all public space in said administration building, inclu-
ding the lobby, waiting rooms, hall ways, rest rooms, and other public and pass-
enger conveniences.

(h)	The use in common with other air transportation companies, of an adequate
vehicular parking space located at or near said administration building.

2.	Reserving to the City all concessions at said Airport, not expressly granted to
Lessee, which reserved concessions expressly include the sale of food and beverages, no-
tions, curios, magazines, newspapers and periodicals, and slot machines.

3. A covenant that the transfer from said Western Air Express Corporation to said
City of the real estate and personal property first above described, constitutes full consi-
deration for said lease and that the lessee shall not, during the term of said lease be
required to pay any rents, tolls, charges, or licence fees to the City except such as may

already be incorporated in existing ordinances as of date November 1st, 1940, of the City
or in said lease.	