and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from November 19th
1941 to November 26th, 1941 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: November 19th - 26th. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circu-
lated on each of the dates above named.

(SIGNED) DICK LOCHRIE

Subscribed and sworn to before me this ______ day of

(SIGNED) C. S. WENGERT

Notary Public in and for
Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires: July 17, 1945
(SEAL)

ORDINANCE NO. 263

AN ORDINANCE PROHIBITING PROSTITUTION, IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS AND WITHIN ONE MILE OUTSIDE
OF THE CITY LIMITS THEREOF; TO SUPPRESS, PROHIBIT, REGULATE AND PRESCRIBE THE LOCATION OF
HOUSES OF PROSTITUTION, AND PLACES RESORTED TO FOR THE PURPOSE OF PROSTITUTION, AND OTHER
MATTERS RELATING THERETO. AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. It shall be unlawful:

(a) For any person, firm, association or corporation to keep, set up, maintain,
or operate, lease or rent, any place, structure, building, or conveyance for the purpose of
prostitution.

(b)	For any person to occupy any place, structure, building, or conveyance for
the purpose of prostitution, or for any person to permit any place, structure, building, or
conveyance owned by him or under his control to be used for the purpose of prostitution,
with knowledge or reasonable cause to know that the same is, or is to be used for such pur-
pose; or for any person to lease or rent to another person, firm, association or corporation,
any place, structure, building or room for the purpose of prostitution.

(c)	For any person to receive or to offer or agree to receive any person into any
place, structure, building, or conveyance for the purpose of prostitution, or to permit any
person to remain there for such purpose.

(d)	For any person to procure or to solicit or to offer to procure or solicit for
the purpose of prostitution.

(e)	For any person to reside in, enter, or remain in any structure, or building,
or to enter or remain in any conveyance, for the purpose of prostitution.

SECTION 2. The terms and provisions of this ordinance shall not apply to that
area now called the Meadows, situated on the real property described as follows:

"Beginning at a point in the Auto Park Tract, Clark County, Nevada,
as per plat of said Auto Park Tract oh file in Book One, page 120
'Plats' in the office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada,
which point is situated on the line connecting the S.W. corner of
Government Lot No. 1, Section 1 and the N.W. corner of said Lot 1,

Section 1, Township 21 South, Range 61 East, and 802 feet N 0° 13'

W. from said S.W. corner of Lot 1, Section 1 and 175 feet South
0° 13' E. from center line of Maple Street in said Auto Park Tract;
thence N. 89° 27' E. on a line parallel with the center line of said
Maple Street 590 feet to a point; thence S. 0° 13' E. on a line
parallel with the center line of a proposed street designated as
Yucca Street in the said Auto Park Tract, 535 feet to a point,
which point lies N. 0° 13' W. sixty feet from the center line of
a proposed street designated as Cedar Street in said Auto Park
Tract; thence S. 89° 27' W. 590 feet on a line parallel with the
center line of said designated Cedar street to a point on the line
connecting the S.W. corner and N.W. corner of said Lot 1, Section
1, and 265 feet N. 0° 13' w. from said S.W. corner of Lot 1;
thence N. 0° 13' W. 535 feet to the point or place of beginning."

which area is hereby designated as a restricted area for the purposes of prostitution subject
to the following regulations:

(a)	All buildings used for such purposes, including all structures connecting
therewith, shall be enclosed on three sides by a fence at least six feet high, which fence
shall be not less than twenty-five feet from each wall of said building or buildings.

(b)	No person convicted of a felony shall be allowed to operate, conduct, manage
said designated area or be an employee or an inmate thereof, practicing prostitution in
said designated area.

(c) That the owners of said designated area shall keep a police officer on duty
at all times, on said premises at their own expense, for the purpose of preserving law and
order.

(d)	That it shall be the duty of the Board of City Commissioners to make such