(j)	The Live Stock Inspector shall prepare for use on meats or meat products not in-
tended for use as human food, a special stamp setting forth the nature of such products
and for what same may be used other than for human consumption.

(k)	Any Permit issued under the provisions of this ordinance may be revoked by the
Board of City Commissioners at its discretion for violation of any of the provisions of
this ordinance or any of the rules and regulations established under the authority hereof,
or because the conduct or location of such premises has become a nuisance. Such permit
shall be subject to suspension by the Board of City Commissioners for the same cause or
causes and until the conditions resulting in such violations are remedied or because the
business no longer comports with public health and welfare. During the period of such
suspension, the Live Stock Inspector may with the approval of the Board of City Commissioners
permit such preparation of food products in an establishment for the slaughtering of animals
or for the preparation of meat products, as in absolutely necessary to preserve the food
value thereof.

(1)	After receipt in a licensed establishment every such animal or carcass thereof
shall be inspected, and unless found to be free from disease, and otherwise sound, health-
ful and wholesome and fit for human food, it shall be marked "L.V. H. D. in'sp. and Pas'd."

If inspection takes place in an official establishment where a regular United States In-
spector is maintained, then the rules and regulations of the United States meat inspection
laws shall apply.

(m)	Wherever "this ordinance", or its equivalent terms is used herein, such terms shall
include not only the provisions of this ordinance, but the original ordinance, as amended,

of which this ordinance is an amendment.

(n)	If any section, sub-section, sub-division, sentence, clause or phrase of this or-
dinance is for any reason held to be invalid, such decision shall not effect the Validity
of the remaining portion of this ordinance. The Board of City Commissioners hereby declares
that it would have passed this ordinance and each and every section, sub-section, subdivi-
sion, sentence, clause, and phrase thereof irrespective of the fact that any one or more
sections, sub-section, subdivisions, clauses or phrases be held invalid.

This ordinance was read aloud in full for the first time proposed and considered and
voted upon this 4th day of May, 1936.

Voting aye: Commissioners down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor.
Noes, none.

L.L. Arnett
Mayor.

Attest;

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board held on the 4th day of May, 1936, at which time it was proposed, considered,
and voted upon and unanimously adopted, and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Age, a
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two conse-
cutive weeks, immediately following its first reading. It was thereafter read aloud to the
Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at a recessed regular meeting
of the Board held on the 15th day of June, 1936.

Voting aye. Commissioners Jas. H. Down, David Farnsworth, H.P. Marble and M.E. Ward.
and His Honor the Mayor. Noes, none.

Approved:

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk and Clerk of the
Board of City Commissioners.

(City seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
County of Clark)

C.P Squires being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Publisher of Las Vegas Age, a
weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached

Ordinance No. 219 of the City of Las Vegas, was published in said newspaper for a period of
two weeks from May 8, 1936 to May 15, 1936, inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit: May 8, and May 15, 1936.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $79.80.

Signed C.P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th day of May 1936.

C.D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My commission Expries June 7, 1939.

(notarial seal)