AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION (See pg. 102)

(OF Ordinance No. 243)

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks from Sept 27th
1938 to October 4th 1938 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: Sept 27th- Oct 4th That said newspaper was regularly issued and circul-
ated on each of the dates above named.

Signes Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1rth
day of October 1938

A. E. Cahlan_________

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada

My Commission Expires Jan 12 1939

ORDINANCE NO. 245.

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 8 AND SECTION 12, OF ORDINANCE NO. 165 OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT GAMING AND OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A LICENSE THEREFOR, REGULATING THE SAME,

FIXING THE AMOUNT OF SUCH LICENSE, PROVIDING, A PENALTY THEREFOR, REPEALING ORDINANCES
NOS. 77, 82, 88, 103 and 115, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 8 of Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amend-
ed to read as follows:

Card games, that is stud poker and draw poker, bridge, whist, solo and panginue
for money shall be licensed independent of other games mentioned in this Ordinance, at
the rate of Five Dollars ($5.00) per month, payable one quarter year in advance. A
license fee of Ten Dollars ($10.00) per month, payable for one quarter year in advance,
shall be paid for each game or device license issued excepting those games as otherwise
provided for herein and except slot machines, and for each money slot machine, except
penny slot machines, Eight Dollars ($8.00) per quarter for each quarterly period herein
mentioned, payable for one quarter year in advance, for each handle on said slot machine,
and Fifty Dollars ($50.00) per quarter for each penny slot machine for each quarterly
period herein mentioned, payable for one quarter year in advance for each handle on said
penny slot machine. The game of keno or bank keno as now played in the City of Las Vegas,
shall be classified as falling within the provision above mentioned for games and devices
requiring a license of Ten Dollars ($10.00) per month payable quarterly, and in addition
thereto shall pay a license fee or charge of One Dollar and Fifty Cents ($1.50) per chair
for each chair used in the conduct of said game. Horse race betting or horse race book-
ing as now played and carried on in said City of Las Vegas, shall also fall within the
above classification for games and devices requiring a license fee of Ten Dollars ($10.00)
per month, payable quarterly in advance. The licenses above mentioned shall entitle the
holder or holders, or his or their employee or employees, to carry on, conduct, and operate
the specific slot machine, game or device for which said license is issued in the partic-
ular room and premises described therein, but not for any other slot machine, game or
device in any other place than the room and premises so described, for a period of one
quarter of a year next succeeding the date of issuance of said license; provided that
no license shall be granted for any portion of any quarter for a less amount than the full
quarterly license; and	the end	of said quarter shall be	the last days of March, June,

September and December	of each	year;	provided further,	that the licensee shall be entitled

to carry on, conduct and operate two or more slot machines, games or devices mentioned
in section one of Ordinance No. 165 in the same room, by paying the license fee herein
provided for, for each	slot machine,	game or device and	otherwise complying with the terms

of this section. Each	license	shall	specify upon the face thereof the name of the licensee,

and a particular description of the particular room or premises in which the licensee
intends to carry on, conduct or operate any one slot machine, game or device mentioned in
section one of Ordinance No. 165 and shall specify the particular type of slot machine,
or the particular game, or the particular device, by name; any license issued under the
provisions of this ordinance shall not be transferable by the licensee to any other person,
firm, association or corporation, and shall be valid only for the particular room and
premises described therein, and the specified slot machine, game or device for which it
is issued. No license money paid under this ordinance shall be refunded, whether the
slot machine, game or device for which any license was issued has voluntarily ceased or
has been revoked under the provisions of this ordinance herein provided, or for any other
reason. The license fees herein provided shall be in addition to those collected by the
Sheriff of Clark County, or any other lawful authority.

Section 2. Section 12 of Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
amended to read as follows:

No card game, gambling game or device and no slot machine or gambling game or device of
any kind shall be conducted or permitted to operate in any open space, vestibule or
doorway within the City of Las Vegas, but all such gambling games and devices of every
nature shall be operated and conducted completely within the four walls of a building or
room and all slot machines must be at least four feet distant from any outside entrance
to the room where said machines are operated. And no gambling game, device, or slot
machine, so licensed, shall be dealt, played, operated, carried on, or exposed for play
behind locked doors.