license fee. The applicant shall, by affidavit and supporting testimony, show his method of business and the
gross volume or estimated gross volume of business and such other information as the Board of Commissioners
may deem necessary in order to determine the extent, if any, of such undue burden on such commerce. The
Board of Commissioners shall then conduct an investigation, comparing applicant's business with other busi-
nesses of like nature and shall made findings of fact from which it shall determine whether the fee fixed by
this ordinance is unfair, unreasonable or discriminatory as to applicant's business and shall fix as the lic-
ense fee for the applicant, an amount that is fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory, or, if the fee has
already been paid, shall order a refund of the amount over and above the fee so fixed. In fixing the fee to
be charged, the Board of Commissioners shall have the power to base the fee upon a percentage of gross sales,
or any other method which will assure that the fee assessed shall be uniform with that assessed on businesses
of like nature, so long as the amount assessed does not exceed the fees as prescribed by Section 5 (a) of
this ordinance. Should the Board of Commissioners determine the gross sales measure of the fee to be the
fair basis, they may require the applicant to submit either at the time of termination of applicant's busi-
ness in the City of Las Vegas or at the end of each three (3) month period, a sworn statement of the gross
sales and pay the amount of fee therefor, provided that no additional fee during any one quarterly period
shall be required after the licensee shall have paid an amount equal to the quarterly license as prescribed
in Section 5 (a) of this ordinance.

(e)	Provided further, however, that the foregoing license schedule shall not be charged any person
engaged in the canvassing and soliciting of orders for the sale of what are commonly known as ice-cream cones,
hot dogs, candies, tamales, nuts, Eskimo pies or like articles of food usually sold at carnivals or fairs,
but that the following schedule shall apply to the same:

Where the quarterly gross sales are less than Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00), the sum of Fifteen
Dollars ($15.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00) and do not exceed Five
Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00), the sum of Twenty-two Dollars and Fifty Cents ($22.50) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00), the sum of Thirty
Dollars ($30.00) per quarter.

Section 6. BOND. Every applicant, not a resident of the City of Las Vegas, or who being a resident
of the City of Las Vegas represents a firm whose principal place of business is located outside the State of
Nevada, shall file with the City Clerk a surety bond running to the City in the amount of One Thousand Dol-
lars ($1,000.00), with surety acceptable to and approved by the City Attorney, conditioned that the said appli-
cant shall comply fully with all the provisions of this and all other ordinances of the City of Las Vegas
and the statutes of the State of Nevada, regulating and concerning the business of solicitor and canvasser
and the payment of license fees, and guaranteeing to any citizen of the City of Las Vegas that all money paid
as a down payment will be accounted for and applied according to the representations of the solicitor or can-
vasser, further guaranteeing to any citizen of the City of Las Vegas doing business with said solicitor or
canvasser, that the property purchased will be delivered according to the representations of said solicitor
or canvasser. Action on such bond may be brought in the name of the City to the use or benefit of said City
or the aggrieved person, as the case may be.

Section 7. EXHIBITION OF LICENSE. Solicitors and Canvassers are required to exhibit their licenses
at the request of any citizen.

Section 8. DUTY OF POLICE TO ENFORCE. It shall be the duty of any police officer of the City of
Las Vegas to require any person seen soliciting or canvassing, and who is not know by such officer to be duly
licensed, to produce his solicitor's or canvasser's license and to enforce the provisions of this ordinance
against any person found to be violating the same.

Section 9. RECORDS. The City Clerk shall deposit the record of fingerprints of licensee, together
with a license number, with the Chief of Police; the Chief of Police shall report to the City Clerk any com-
plaints against any person licensed under the provisions of this ordinance and any conviction for violation
of this ordinance; the City Clerk shall keep a record of all such licenses and of such complaints and viola-
tions.

Section 10. REVOCATION OF LICENSE.

(a)	Permits and licenses issued under the provisions of this ordinance may be revoked by the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas after notice and hearing, for any of the following causes:

(1)	Fraud, misrepresentation, or false statement contained in the application for license;

(2)	Fraud, misrepresentation or false statement made in the course of carrying on his business as
solicitor or as canvasser;

(3)	Any violation of this ordinance;

(it) Conviction of any crime or misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; or

(5) Conducting the business of soliciting, or of canvassing, in an unlawful manner or in such a
manner as to constitute a breach of the peace or to constitute a menace to the health, safety, or general
welfare of the public.

(b)	Notice of the hearing for revocation of a license shall be given in writing, setting forth
specifically the grounds of complaint and the time and place of hearing. Such notice shall be mailed, postage
prepaid, to the licensee at his last known address at least five (5) days prior to the date set for hearing.

Section 11. APPEAL. Any person aggrieved by the action of the Chief of Police or the City Clerk
in the denial of a permit or license as provided in Section 4 of this ordinance shall have the Tight of appeal
to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such appeal shall be taken by filing with the Board
of Commissioners, within fourteen (14) days after notice of the action complained of has been mailed to such
person's last known address, a written statement setting forth fully the grounds for the appeal. The Board
of Commissioners shall set a time and place for a hearing on such appeal and notice of such hearing shall be
given to the appellant in the same manner as provided in Section 10 of this ordinance for notice of hearing
on revocation. The decision and order of the Board of Commissioners on such appeal shall be final and conclusive.