6. The City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, does not at this time see the nece-
ssity of, nor does it now intend to sell bonds of the said City inorder to bring about the
acquisition of said Airport and hereby gives notice that the final consummation of its pre-
sent agreement with said Western Air Express Corporation and the final acquisition of title
to said Airport by said City of Las Vegas is dependent upon the success of its contemplated
application to the Civil Aeronautics Board of the United States for the aid of Federal
funds with which to improve said Airport in order to bring the rating of said Airport up
to an Airport of the Third Class, or better, as classified by said Civil Aeronautics Board.

On the 4th day, of December, A.D. 1940, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M., the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will meet in the City Clerk's
office on Carson Street, between Second Street South and Third Street South, in said City
of Las Vegas, in regular session, at which time and place it will read for the first time
propose, consider and vote upon an ordinance relating to the acquisition of said Airport
as a municipal airport, as above set forth, and on the 4th. day of January, A.D. 1941, at
the hour of 7:30-o-clock P.M., the said Board of Commissioners will meet at said City
Clerk's office in the said City of Las Vegas, in regular session, for the purpose, among
other things, of reading the second time, adopting and passing, and will then read for the
second time and pass and adopt said ordinance for the acquisition of said Airport as a mu-
nicipal airport.

Dated at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, this 12th day of November, A. D. 1940.

 THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA

BY, JOHN L. RUSSELL_____________

Mayor

Attest:

VIOLA BURNS
City Clerk

By LE ROY WHIPPLE

Deputy.	"

and,

WHEREAS said proclamation was thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-
Journal for three consecutive weeks, towit, in the issue of that paper of November 12th,
1940, November 19th, 1940 and November. 26th, 1940.

NOW, THEREFORE, The Board of Commissioners of. the City of Las Vegas to ordain:

Section 1. That the provisions of said proclamation are hereby adopted and made
a part of this ordinance.

Section 2. That the City of Las Vegas shall accept a deed of conveyance conveying
unto said City all of the real estate above described and a Bill of Sale conveying unto
said City all of the personal property described above, which said deed and bill of sale
are now in Escrow with Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company, Las Vegas, Nevada, under
a letter of Escrow Instructions which, except for the exhibits attached thereto, is in
words and figures as follows:	

"	ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS.

TO PIONEER TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY,

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA:

You are handed herewith by Western AIR EXPRESS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation,
hereinafter referred to as Party of the first Part:

(a)	An Executed but undated Deed, copy of which is hereto attached, marked Exhibit
"A", and made a part hereof;

(b)	An executed but undated Bill of Sale, a copy of which is hereto attached, marked
Exhibit "B", and made a part hereof;

(c)	The duplicate of a certain lease, copy of which is hereto attached, marked
Exhibit "C", and made a part hereof, and which duplicate has been executed by said Party
of the First Part;

(d)	A certified copy of a resolution adopted by the Board of Directors of said Party
of the First Part authorizing the execution of said Deed, Bill if Sale, Lease and of these
instructions.

All of the foregoing items are hereinafter referred to as Items "A".

You are handed herewith by the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation hereafter
referred to as Party of the Second Part:

(a)	The executed but undated original of the Lease, copy of which is hereto attached
marked Exhibit "C", and made a part hereof, as aforesaid, which has been executed by said
Second Party;

(b)	A certified copy of a Resolution adopted by the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, authorizing the execution of said Lease and of these instructions;