EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 350

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 9 AND SECTION 14	OF ORDINANCE NO. 325 OF THE	CITY OF LAS VEGAS

ENTITLED: "AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT GAMING AND	OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE CITY	OF	LAS

VEGAS WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A LICENSE THEREFOR; REGULATING THE SAME; FIXING THE AMOUNT OF
LICENSE FEES; PROVIDING THE PENALTY FOR VIOLATIONS THEREOF; REPEALING ORDINANCES NO. 77, 82,

88, 103, 115, 165, 245, 271, 287, and 319, AND	ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF	ORDINANCES	IN

CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY	RELATING THERETO."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 9 of the above-entitled ordinance is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 9. Stud Poker and draw poker, shall be licensed at the rate of $50.00 per
quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

Panguingue shall be licensed at the rate of $30.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in
advance.

Bridge, whist and solo, shall be licensed at the rate of $15.00 per quarter, payable
quarterly in advance.

Roulette, "21", Hazard, Faro Bank, Wheels of Fortune and Big Six Wheels shall be licensed
at the rate of $100.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance.

Where one crap table is licensed in any one establishment, the fee therefor shall be
$100.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance. Where more than one crap table is licensed
in any one establishment, the fee for each crap table shall be $200.00 per quarter, payable
quarterly in advance.

The game of Keno, Bingo, Tango or Bank Keno shall be licensed at the rate of $75.00 per
quarter, payable quarterly in advance and in addition thereto shall pay a license fee or
charge of	$1.50	per quarter per chair used in	the conduct of said	game.

Race	Horse	Keno shall	be licensed at the	rate of $250.00 per	quarter.

Race	Horse	Book shall	be licensed at the	rate of $400.00 per	quarter,	payable	quarterly

in advance. The holder of	a valid existing license for the operation of a	Race	Horse	Book

may secure a license for the same current quarter for an additional office anywhere within the
same building for the purpose of receiving and transmitting messages in connection with the
operation of his Race Horse Book, which additional office shall not be open to the general
public, and the license fee therefor shall be $200.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in
advance.

Each slot machine, except penny slot machines, shall be licensed at the rate of $20.00
per quarter, payable quarterly in advance, for each game embodied and incorporated therein,
or for each handle thereon, or for each pay off chute or other mechanical device therein em-
ployed to deliver winnings, or for each coin denomination for which provision is made in the
machine for playing, whichever shall be the greatest. Penny slot machines shall be licensed
at the rate of $50.00 per quarter, payable quarterly in advance, for each game embodied and
incorporated therein, or for each handle thereon, or for each pay off chute or other mechanicaL
device therein employed to deliver winnings, or for each coin slot or insert, whichever shall
be the greatest.

The licenses above mentioned shall entitle the holder or holders or his or their employee,
or employees, to carry on, conduct and operate any one slot machine of only the specific type
and class, or only such other specific game or device, for which said license is issued, and
only in the particular room and premises described therein, for a period ending with the
quarter within which the license was issued; provided that no license shall be granted for any
portion of any quarter for a sum less than the full quarterly license fee, and the end of each
quarter shall be the last days of March, June, September and December of each year; provided
further that the licensee shall be entitled to carry on, conduct, and operate two or more slot
machines, games or devices mentioned in this section and in Section 1, of this ordinance, in the
same room, upon the payment of the license fees herein provided for and the issuance of a
license in the manner and upon the authority, and upon the conditions and restrictions in this
ordinance provided as on an application for an original license. Each license shall specify upon
the face thereof the name of the licensee, and a complete description identifying the particular
room or premises in which the licensee intends to carry on, conduct or operate the slot machine,
game or device mentioned in this section and in Section 1 of this ordinance, and shall specify
the particular type and class of slot machine, or other particular game or device, by name.

Any license issued under the provisions of this ordinance shall not be transferable by the
licensee to any other person, firm, association or corporation, and shall be valid only for the
particular room and premises described therein and the designated number of slot machines of
the specified type and class, or other specified games or devices for which it is issued.

No license money paid under this ordinance shall be refunded whether the operation of the slot
machine, game or device for which any license was issued has been voluntarily terminated or
the license has been revoked under the provisions of this ordinance, or for any other reason.

The license fees herein provided shall be in addition to those collected by the Sheriff of
Clark County or any other authority.

Section 2. Section 14 of the above-entitled ordinance is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 14. No game, slot machine or gambling device of any kind shall be conducted or
permitted to operate in any open space, vestibule or doorway within the City of Las Vegas, but
all such gambling games and devices of every nature shall, except as otherwise provided in
Section 9 hereof, he operated and conducted on the street floor and completely within the four
walls of a building or room. Except as otherwise provided in Section 9 hereof no gambling
game, device, or slot machine, so licensed, shall be dealt, played, operated, carried on,
or exposed for play behind locked doors.

Section 3. The increased development in the operation and conduct of games and gaming in the
City of Las Vegas has augmented the burdens of government, thereby necessitating the expedit-
ious enactment of the foregoing provisions in the furtherance of the public welfare. This