All of South 17th Street from Charleston Boulevard to
Carson Avenue; all of Spencer Street from Charleston
Boulevard to Carson Avenue, and all of Carson Avenue
from Spencer Street to a point 83 feet east of the
center line of 17th Street.

Section A. That the special assessment district which it is proposed to create shall be designated Street
Improvement Assessment District No. 100-3, and it shall include all the lots, premises and property, to the full
depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said streets and parts of streets.

Section 5.	That the	City Clerk shall	keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be

improved, together	with the	estimates of the	expense thereof,	on file in	her office for public inspection and

 examination.

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of	said	City will meet	at the City Hall in said	City of Wed-
nesday the 15th day of November, 1950, at the hour of	3:30	o'clock, P.M.,	to hear and consider any	suggestions

and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters relating
thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be filed in writing
in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, diagrams, and
plans with the City Clerk for examination, of the proposed	improvement or	work, of the location of	the improve-
ment, of the district to be assessed, and of the time	when	the Board will	meet and consider any suggestions

and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements. Said notice shall be given
by publication for	at least	two weeks in the	Las Vegas Review	Journal, a	daily newspaper published in said City

of Las Vegas every	day each	week except Saturday, by fourteen	insertions	therein and at least fifteen days prior

to said meeting by posting said notices in at least three public places in each ward and also by posting said
notice in, or near said post office of said City and by posting notices in three public places near the site of
 said proposed work. Said notice shall be in substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF DETERMINATION AND INTENTION TO PAVE, CURB AND GUTTER CERTAIN STREETS AND PARTS THEREOF, AND
 INSTALLATION OF CONCRETE SIDEWALKS AND COMPLETE STREET LIGHTING SYSTEM, TO CREATE STREET IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT
 DISTRICT NO. 100-3, AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE COST BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS, AND OF THE HEARING THEREON.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 25th, 1950, the Board of Commissioners and Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved an ordinance declaring the Board's determination to make certain public
improvements by installing thereon a complete street lighting system including concrete pole bases,, light stan-
dards, luminaires, and necessary wiring and attachments, and to pave said streets and parts of streets by grading
and constructing thereon asphaltic concrete paving and by constructing on both sides of said streets and parts
of streets concrete curbs, gutters, and sidewalks, wherever said improvements are missing, including alley ap-
proaches, together with such appurtenances as may be required, to create a special assessment district designated
Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-3 therefor, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof
j by special assessments made according to frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and
property specially benefited by such improvements and included within said district.

The streets and parts of streets so proposed to be improved are:

All of South 17th Street from Charleston Boulevard to
Carson Avenue; all of Spencer Street from Charleston
Boulevard to Carson Avenue, and all of Carson Avenue
from Spencer Street to a point 83 feet east of the
center line of 17th Street.

Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-3 shall include all the lots, premises and property
to the full depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said street.

Said ordinance adopted and approved October 25th, 1950, and the plats, diagrams and plans of the work
and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, are on file for public inspec-
tion and examination in the of ice of the City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada, and all persons interested are hereby
referred to the same for further information.

Said Board of Commissioners will meet at the City Hall at the corner of Stewart and Fifth Streets in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 15th day of November, 1950 at 3:30 o'clock, P.M., to hear and consider
any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any
matters relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be
filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting. Unless the owners of more
than one-half of the frontage to be assessed shall file written objections thereto, such work shall be ordered.

DATED this 25th day of October , 1950.

Shirley Ballinger,

City Clerk

s/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

Section 8. That all ordinances or parts of ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall, for
any	reason, be questioned, or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remain-

ing provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences,
clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity
 of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances, shall not affect or
prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instance.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to meet
the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds
to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance
is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final read-
ing and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance
shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.