qualifications and who have paid the prescribed fee; to revoke or suspend licenses for good
and sufficient cause as prescribed in Section 16; to review decisions of the Electrical
Inspector as provided for in Section 23 and to take such other actions as may be found
necessary or desirable for carrying out the provisions of this ordinance.

The Board shall keep records of all meetings which records shall be open for inspection
at all times. The Board shall keep a record of all licenses issued by it and shall prepare
a manual of its rules and regulations for the conduct of examinations.

Four members of the Board present at any meeting shall constitute a quorum for the
granting, revocation or suspension of licenses and the transaction of other business and a
majority vote of such quorum shall prevail.

Section 12. Applications for Master Licenses.

Applications for Master Licenses shall be made in writing to the Board of Electrical
Examiners stating the name and place of business in the City of Las Vegas, of the applicant
and the name of the representative of the supplicant who will act as the master of the work
to be done under the license.

Section 13, Examinations.

The designated representative of each applicant for a master license shall be examined
by the Board of Electrical Examiners to his knowledge of the rules and regulations for
the installation of electric wiring, devices, appliances and equipment as set forth in
the statutes of the State of Nevada or if any as issued under the authority of the statutes
of the State of Nevada and in the ordinance of the city of Las Vegas and in the National
Electrical Code and to determine the general qualifications and fitness of each applicant
for executing the class of work covered by the license applied for. No person shall perform
the work of an journeyman electrician unless such person has been examined and obtained
a journeyman electrician's registration certificate.

The work of a master electrician consists of the planning and supervising of all
electrical installations and repairs.

The work of a journeyman electrician consists of the installing, altering or repairing
of electrical wiring or equipment under- the supervision of a master electrician.

Examinations shall be in writing and a complete record of every examination given shall
be kept on file until three years after the date of the examination.

Section 14. Holder of Master License.

Each certificate for a license issued in accordance with the provisions of this
ordinance shall specify the name of the person, firm or corporation licensed, who shall
be known as the holder of the license, and shall specify the name of the person who has
passed the examination, and such person shall be designated in the certificate as the master
of all work to be done under the license. The person designated as the master may be a person
in the employ of the holder of the license; or, if the holder is a person, may be the holder
himself; or, if the holder is a corporation, may be an officer of the corporation. The
same person shall not be designated as the master in two or more licenses issued to
different persons, firms or corporations. In the event that the business association
of the master with, or employment of the master by, the holder of the license shall terminate,
said license shall become null and void after such termination. Said master's examination
fees shall be $50.00.

When applying for master's license, said party shall specify the firm or corporation
that he will be employed by. In event of his termination of his employment said master's
license shall not be transferable to any other individual, firm or corporation and shall
become null and void.

Section 15. Contractors Licenses, Fees and Bonds.

Before applying for a City Electrical Contractors License, applicant must first secure
a State Contractors License.

Before an Electrical Contractors License is granted to any applicant and before any
expiring license is renewed, the applicant shall pay to the City of Las Vegas a fee of $50.00.

Each license shall expire of December 31st, following the date of its issue, and shall
be renewed by the Board of Electrical Examiners upon application of the holder of the
license and payment of the required fee at any time within thirty (30) days before the date
of such expiration.

Applicant must furnish bond of $1000.00 for faithful performance and for guarantee of
fees, to be paid to the City Clerk.

Section 16. Revocation and Suspension of Licenses.

No license and certificate issued in accordance with the provisions of Section 11 of
this ordinance shall be a signable or transferable, Any such license may after hearing be
suspended for a definite length of time or revoked by the Board of Electrical Examiners if
the person, firm or corporation holding such license willfully, or by reason of incomp-
etence, violates any Statute of the State of Nevada or any ordinance or rule or regulation
of the City of La s Vegas relating to the installation, maintenance, alteration or repair
of electric wiring, devices, appliances or equipment.

Section 17. Scope of Retail Sales Regulations.

The provisions of Section 18 to 21 inclusive, of this ordinance shall apply to the
following electrical materials, devices, appliances and equipment:

a.	All electrical materials, devices, appliances and equipment which are intended to
be used to make an electric wiring installation in conformity with this ordinance, but

not including any generating, transforming or utilization device or devices for measuring