IN PIONEER HEIGHTS ADDITION to Las Vegas, Nevada

BLOCK	LOT	OWNER	ASSESSMENT

Harrington, A. H., Admr. of Estate of
W. L. Aplin, Deceased
Harrington, A. H., Admr. of Estate of
W. L. Aplin, Deceased
Harrington, A. H., Admr. of Estate of
W. L. Aplin, Deceased
Harrington, A. H., Admr., of Estate of
W. L. Aplin Deceased
Wengert, C. S.

Wengert, C. S.

Wengert, C. S. and Lottie
Wengert, C. S. and Lottie

Thompson, Ralph and Irene 
Thompson, Ralph and Irene

IN PARK PLACE ADDITION to the City of Las Vegas, Clark, County, Nevada:

Myers, Ray. A. and Ethel B.

IN AMENDED PLAT OF THE SUB-DIVISION OF LOT J, PARK PLACE ADDITION to the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada:

Bihlmaier, Mabel	and	E.P.

Bihlmaier, Mabel	and	E.P.

Doolittle, F. M.

Smith, O. J. and Cloa

Smith, O. J. and Cloa

Smith, O. J. and Cloa 

Gusewelle, Frank	and	Juanita

Gusewelle, Frank	and	Juanita 

Ferron, W. E. and Ruth

Ferron, W. E. and Ruth

Shamburger, Hugh

Ferron, W. E. and Ruth

Ferron, W. E. and Ruth

Section 4. That the unpaid assessments shall be paid as follows: One-tenth on or before one year
from the 1st day of January, 1937, and one-tenth on or before the first day of January of each year thereafter,
until the same is paid in fall, with interest thereon at the rate of seven (7%) per cent per annum; each of
said installments shall bear interest at the rate of seven per cent (7%) per annum, payable annually, in the
manner hereinafter directed, on the whole amount due and unpaid. Such installments and the interest thereon
shall be and remain a lien on the said lots and parcels of land until paid in full, and shall be collected and
paid in the following manner:

Each installment, together with the interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County
on and against the several owners and premises hereinbefore enumerated, and the County Assessor of Clark County,
acting ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas', is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the
said tax roll of Clark County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on the said
tax roll of Clark County, and the County Treasurer, acting ex-officio City Treasurer and Tax Collector of the
City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same
time as other state and county taxes are collected. Provided, that the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas shall, annually, commencing with the year 1937, and continuing for a period of nine (9) years there-
after, and until all of said bonds are paid, at the time prescribed by law for the levying of taxes for state and
county purposes, direct the City Clerk to report to the County Assessor, acting ex-officio City Assessor, a
description of such lots and premises, together with their owners, as in Section 3 herein before set forth,
with the amount of the annual installments, together with the interest due thereon to be levied upon and against
each of the same premises and owners, and the City Assessor is hereby authorized and directed to enter the
several sums so assessed as a tax upon the several lots or premises, respectively, and the Board of City Com-
missioners shall annually continue to so require the City Assessor to enter the said installments of special
assessments until the whole sum assessed, with interest thereon, has been paid. Provided further, however, that
if the Board of City Commissioners should fail or neglect to direct the City Clerk to report to the City
Assessor a description of such lots and premises as in this section before mentioned, the City Assessor shall
enter the said special assessments and place the same on the said tax roll and do all and every thing necessary,
as fully and completely as though the Board of City Commissioners had directed the same to be done.

Section 5. Said installments of special taxes and the interest thereon, when collected, shall
constitute and be a sinking fund for the payment of said bonds and the interest thereon, and said fund shall
not be used for any other purpose. Provided, however, should it be necessary or advisable to issue and sell
revenue anticipation warrants or other obligations of the City in lieu of the bonds herein provided for, then
and in such event, such installments of special taxes and interest thereon collected may be used to redeem
such obligations as may be issued in lieu of the bonds herein provided for, and as said installments, with
interest thereon, are paid, as hereinbefore directed, said bonds and the coupons thereon shall be called in
and paid, and cancelled by the City Treasurer, in their numerical order, annually, to the amount and extent of
such annual payments of the assessments, and the said interest on said bonds shall cease.

Section 6. The issuance of the bonds herein provided for shall be conclusive evidence of the
regularity of all proceedings up to the issuance of such bonds, and in the event that the fund created by such
special assessments shall be insufficient to pay the said bonds as they become due, the deficiency, if any,
shall be paid by the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, out of the General Fund of said City and each
of the bonds issued under this Ordinance shall contain a provision to that effect, and said bonds shall be
exempt from City taxation.

Section 7. This Ordinance shall take effect immediately after its adoption, approval and publication
in______________________Las Vegas Age_____________________