Ordinance No. 237 Continued:)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION
STATE OF NEVADA )		

( SS

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks
from May 9th 1938 to May 16th 1938 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: May 9th-16th. That said newspaper was regularly
issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 25th day of May, 1938
A. E. CAHLAN 

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada
(NOTARIAL SEAL)

My Commission Expires
January 12 1939

—oooOOooo—

ORDINANCE NO. 238.

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE REGISTRATION AND OPERATION OF BICYCLES IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS AND PROVIDING PENALTY FOR VIOLATION THEREOF.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. It shall be unlawful for any person to operate or use a bicycle propelled
wholly or in part by muscular power upon any of the streets, alleys or public high-
ways of the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining from the City Clerk a license
therefor.

SECTION 2. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to issue upon written
application, bicycle licenses which shall be effective from the 1st day of August,
1938, to and including December 31, 1938, and thereafter said licenses shall be is-
sued for the calendar year, commencing on the first day of January of each of said
calendar years and ending on the thirty-first day of December of said calendar year.
Said licenses when issued shall entitle the licensee to operate such bicycle for
which said license has been issued, upon all the streets, alleys and public highways,
exclusive of sidewalks thereof, in the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 3. The City of Las Vegas shall provide each year metallic license plates
and seals, together with registration cards and isinglass holders therefor, said
metallic license plates and registration cards having numbers stamped thereon in
numerical order, beginning with Number 1, and indicating the year for which the same
are issued, and the letters LVBL stamped thereon; such metallic license plates shall
be suitable for attachment upon the frames of bicycles, and it shall be the duty of
the City Clerk to attach one such metallic license plate to the frame of each bicycle
and to issue a corresponding registration card to the licensee upon the payment of
the license fee herein provided for. Such metallic license plate shall remain at-
tached during the existence of such license. The City Clerk shall also keep a record
of the date of issue of each license, to whom issued, and the number thereof.

SECTION 4. All persons engaged in the business of buying second-hand bicycles are
hereby required to make monthly report to the Police Department, giving the name and
address of the person from whom each bicycle is purchased, the description of each
bicycle purchased, the frame number thereof, and the number of the metallic license
plate found thereon, if any. All persons engaged in the business of selling new or
second-hand bicycles are hereby required to make a monthly report to the Police De-
partment giving a list of all sales made by such dealers, which shall include the
name and address of each person to whom sold, the kind of bicycle sold, together with
a description and frame number thereof, and the number of the metallic license plate
attached thereto, if any.

SECTION 5. It shall be the duty of every person who sells or transfers ownership of
any bicycle, to report such sale or transfer by returning to the City Clerk the reg-
istration card issued to such person as licensee thereof, together with the name and
address of the person to whom said bicycle was sold or transferred, and such report
shall be made within five days of the date of said sale or transfer. It shall be
the duty of the purchaser or transferee of such bicycle to apply for a transfer of
registration therefor within five days of said sale or transfer.

SECTION 6. It shall be unlawful for any person to wilfully or maliciously remove,
destroy, mutilate or alter the number of any bicycle frame licensed pursuant to this
ordinance. It shall also be unlawful for any person to remove, destroy, mutilate or
alter any license plate, seal or registration card during the time in which such
License plate, seal or registration card is operative. Provided, however, that
nothing in this ordinance shall prohibit the Police Department from stamping num-
bers on the frames of bicycles on which no serial number can be found, or on which
said number is illegible or insufficient for identification purposes.

SECTION 7. The annual license fee to be paid for each bicycle shall be Fifty
Cents ($.50), and shall be paid in advance; and pursuant to Section 5 of this
ordinance, such licenses may be transferred when the ownership of said bicycle
is transferred, and a fee of Fifty Cents ($.50) shall be paid for the registration
of such transfer. All license fees collected under this ordinance shall be paid
into the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas.