(c)	For any person to receive or to offer or agree to receive any person into any place,
structure, building or conveyance for the purpose of prostitution, or to permit any person
to remain there for such purpose.

(d)	For any person to procure or to solicit or to offer to procure or solicit for the
purpose of prostitution.

(e)	For any person to reside in, enter, or remain in any structure, or building or to
enter or remain in any conveyance for the purpose of prostitution.

SECTION 2. In prosecutions under this ordinance, common fame or reputation shall be
competent evidence to prove that the defendant is a prostitute, solicitor or procurer, or that
the house or place mentioned in the complaint is a house of prostitution. Any house or place
used or occupied for the purpose of prostitution, or where prostitution is practiced or
carried on, is taken and deemed to be a house of prostitution. It shall not be necessary in
a prosecution in which defendant is charged with being a prostitute, to prove an overt act
of sexual intercourse against said defendant.

SECTION 3. In the trail of any person charged with a violation of the provisions of
Section 1 of this ordinance, testimony of a prior conviction, or testimony converning the
reputation of any place, structure, or building or of the person or persons who reside in or
frequent the same, or of the defendant shall be admissible in evidence in support of the
charge.

SECTION 4. Any person violating any of the provisions of Section 1 of this ordinance
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be punished by a fine not to exceed
Three Hundred ($300.00) Dollars, or imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not to
exceed 150 days, or by both fine and imprisonment, and in default of the payment of any fine,
or any part thereof, shall be imprisoned in the City Jail of the City of Las Vegas one (1)
day for each two (2) dollars of such fine remaining unpaid.



SECTION 5. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby re-
pealed.

SECTION 6. This Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, adoption
and publication in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas
for two successive issued.

SECTION 7. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Age a weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks. that is to say, once each week for a period of
two weeks.

ATTEST:	/s/ Howell C. Garrison_________

Mayor

/s/ Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

(SEAL)

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and approved
this 4th day of June, A.D., 1942, by this following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux, and His Honor the Mayor Howell C. Garrison
Voting No:	Commissioner Smith, Tinch

Absent:	None.

(NOTE: THIS ORDINANCE WAS ONLY READ ONCE, AND WAS NEVER ADOPTEE.)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK)

A. J. Brimacombe being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Advertising manager of
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance 276 was
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from June 12, 1942 to June 19, 1942
inclusive, being the issued of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: June 12
and 19, 1942. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named. That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $36.90

Signed — A. J. Brimacombe

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day of July, 1942.

Signed — Le Roy Whipple

Notary Public in and for
Clark County, Nevada

-0OOO000OOO0-