Section 11. DUTY OF POLICE TO ENFORCE. It shall be the duty of the police officers of the City of
Las Vegas to examine all places of business and persons in their respective territories subject to the pro-
visions of this ordinance, to determine if this ordinance has been complied with and to enforce the provisions
of this ordinance against any person found to be violating the same.

Section 12. RECORDS. The City Clerk shall deposit the record of fingerprints of licensee, to-
gether with a license number, with the Chief of Police; the Chief of Police shall report to the City Clerk
any complaints against any person licensed under the provisions of this ordinance and any conviction for
violation of this ordinance; the City Clerk shall keep a record of all such licenses and of such complaints
and violations.

Section 13. REVOCATION OF LICENSE.

(a)	The permits and licenses issued pursuant to this ordinance may be revoked by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, after notice and hearing, for any of the following causes:

(1)	Any fraud, misrepresentation or false statement contained in the application for license.

(2)	Any fraud, misrepresentation or false statement made in connection with the selling of goods,
wares or merchandise;

(3)	Any violation of this ordinance;

(4)	Conviction of the licensee of any felony or of a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; or

(5) Conducting the business licensed under this ordinance in an unlawful manner or in such a manner
as to constitute a breach of the peace or to constitute a menace to the health, safety or general welfare of
the public.

(b)	Notice of hearing for revocation of a license shall be given in writing, setting forth spec-
ifically the grounds of the complaint and the time and place of the hearing. Such notice shall be mailed,
postage prepaid, to the licensee, at his last known address, at least five (5) days prior to the date set
for the hearing.

Section 14. APPEAL. Any person aggrieved by the decision of the City Clerk in regard to the denial
of application for license as provided for in Section 4 of this ordinance or in connection with the revocation
of a license as provided for in Section 13 of this ordinance, shall have the right to appeal to the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such appeal shall be taken by filing with the Board of Commissioners
within fourteen (14) days after notice of the decision by the City Clerk has been mailed to such person's
last known address, a written statement setting forth the grounds for the appeal. The Board of Commissioners
shall set the time and place for a hearing on such appeal and notice of such hearing shall be given to such
person in the same manner as provided in Section 13 of this ordinance for notice of hearing on revocation.

The order of the Board of Commissioners on such appeal shall be final.

Section 15. EXPIRATION OF LICENSE. The City Clerk shall not issue any license hereunder nor
accept any license fee for less than a full quarterly period, and shall issue such licenses only for the
current quarterly periods, and shall issue such licenses only for the current quarterly periods commencing
January, April, July and October. All licenses issued hereunder shall expire upon the termination of the
current quarterly period during which they shall have been issued.

Section 16. PENALTY. Any person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this
ordinance shall, upon conviction thereof, be punished by a fine not to exceed Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00),
or by imprisonment in the City Jail not to exceed six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 17. The provisions of this ordinance shall be severable, and if any of said provisions,
or the application thereof to any person, body or circumstances, shall be held to be invalid or unconstitu-
tional, the remainder of this ordinance, or the application of such provision to persons, bodies or circum-
stances other than those as to which it shall have been held invalid or unconstitutional, shall not be af-
fected thereby. It is hereby declared as the intent of the Board of Commissioners that this ordinance
would have been adopted had such invalid or unconstitutional provision, or the application thereof to
persons, bodies or circumstances as to which it shall have been held invalid and unconstitutional, not been
included therein.

Section 18. REPEAL OF CONFLICTING ORDINANCES. All ordinances or parts of ordinances inconsistent
with this ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 19. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next
section provided, and final passage.

Section 20. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

/s/ Shirley Ballinger_________

City Cleric

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 16th day of September, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Moore
and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the
7th day of October, 1948, which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said regular
meeting held on the 7th day of October, 1948, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City
Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	None	APPROVED:

ATTEST: 		/s/ E. W. Cragin

/s/ Shirley Ballinger_______	Mayor

City Clerk