whatsoever.

Section 23. Whenever any person shall complain to the Board of City Commissioners that
his or her father, mother, husband, wife, child, brother, sister or ward, is addicted to the
excessive use of alcoholic liquor, or is a habitual or common drunkard, or who fails to pro-
vide for his family the common necessaries of life, and shall request said Board of City
Commissioners, in writing, to notify liquor permittees or licensees in said City not to sell,
serve, or give away any liquors to such father, mother, husband, wife, child, brother, sister
or ward, such Board of City Commissioners, on being satisfied that the complaint is true,
shall forthwith notify in writing every permittee and licensee in said city that such request
has been made; and thereafter it shall be unlawful for such permittee or licensee to sell,
serve, or give away any intoxicating liquor to such father, mother, husband, wife, child,
brother, sister or ward.

Section 24. It shall be unlawful for any permittee or licensee to sell, serve or give
away any intoxicating liquor on any election day between the hours of 6:00 A.M. and 6:00 P.M.
or on any day designated by the Board of City Commissioners on which intoxicating liquors
shall not be sold, served or given away.

Section 25. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, corporation, co-partnership,
association, social club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever, to sell, serve,
give away, or dispose of any alcoholic, spirituous, vinous, or malt liquor, except such
liquor as is manufactured under the supervision of or approved for sale by the United States
government.

Section 26. Any violation of this ordinance or any one of the provisions thereof, or
any of the prohibitions thereof, or any of the requirements thereof, shall constitute a mis-
demeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not to exceed Four Hundred Dollars, or by im-
prisonment in the City Jail of Las Vegas for a period of not to exceed two hundred days, or by
both such fine and imprisonment; and shall subject the permittee and licensee to have his per-J
mit and license revoked, cancelled and annulled; and any person being adjudged guilty of a
violation of this ordinance, or any of the provisions thereof, of any of the prohibitions
thereof, may in the discretion of the Board of City Commissioners, be denied a permit or
license thereafter.

Section 27. The Board of City Commissioners are vested with power to punish violations
of this ordinance, and with power to revoke permits and cancel licenses, and to suspend the
same, should it deem such action justifiable.

Section 28. It shall be lawful for the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
to refuse to grant permits or licenses for the conduct of any business mentioned in this
ordinance; and the Board shall have the power to limit the number of licenses to be issued,
and to designate where in said City any of said liquors may be sold, served, given away or
distributed.

Section 29. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.

Section 30. Each section of this ordinance, and every part of each section, is hereby
declared to be an independent section and part of section, and the holding of any section
or part thereof to be void or ineffective for any cause shall not be deemed to affect, nor
shall it affect, any other section or part of section.

Section 31. This ordinance shall take effect immediately after its publication and
passage.

Section 32. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Review Journal a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a
period of two weeks.

Proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this 17th day of Nov. 1933, by the following
vote: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, Down and his Honor, the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes None.

Published in the Las Vegas Review Journal a daily newspaper (except Sun.), published
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, once a week for two weeks, to-wit: Nov. 18 and Nov. 25, 1933.

Read the second time and passed this 4th day of December 1933, by the following vote:
Commissioners Arnett- Mundy - German - Down and his Honor, the Mayor, voting aye. Noes None.

Approved this 4th day of December, 1933.

E. W. Cragin

Attest:	Mayor

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(CITY SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

County of Clark ) ss

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and pub-
lished at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was con-
tinuously published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks from Nov 18th to Nov 27th
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Nov 18-20-25-
27. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th day of
December 1933.

A E Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires Dec 28 1934
(NOTARIAL SEAL)