(16) HANDLING. After sterilization no container or other milk or
milk product utensil shall be handled in such manner as to permit any part of the
person or clothing to come in contact with any surface with which milk or milk pro-
ducts come in contact.

(17)	MILKING. UDDERS AND TEATS. The udders and teats of all milking
cows shall be clean at the time of milking.

(18)	FLANKS. The flanks of all milking cows shall be kept free from
visible dirt at the time of milking.

(19)	MILKERS' HANDS. Milkers' hands shall be clean, rinsed with a
disinfectant, and dried with a clean towel immediately before milking. Should the
milking operation be interrupted, the milkers' hands must be redisinfected. Wet
hand milking os prohibited. Convenient facilities shall be provided for the washing
of milkers' hands.

(20)	CLEAN CLOTHING: Milkers and Milk handlers shall wear clean outer
garmets while working.

(21)	MILK STOOLS* Milk stools shall be kept clean.

(22)	REMOVAL OF MILK. Each pail of milk shall be removed immediately
to the milk house or straining room. No milk shall be strained in the dairy barn.

(23) COOLING. Milk must be cooled within one hour after milking to
50 degrees Fahrenheit or less and maintained at or below the temperature until
delivery.

(24)	BOTTLING AND CAPPING. Capping shall be done by machine. Caps
shall be purchased in sanitary tubes and kept therein in a clean place until used.

(b)	CERTIFIED RAW MILK. Certified milk is milk which conforms with
the requirements of the American Association of Medical Milk Commissioners in force
at the time of production and is produced under the supervision of the City Board
of Health or the City health officer.

(c)	GRACE A. RAW MILK, is milk the average bacterial count of which
at the time of delivery to consumer does not exceed 100,000 bacteria per cubic centi-
meter, as determined by any standard method of counting approved by the American
Association of Agricultural Chemists, or the average reduction time of which is not
less than seven and one-half hours (7½) and which is produced from healthy animals

as herein provided, and from dairies that conform to Paragraph (a) and sub-paragraphs
7 to 24 above.

(d)	GRACE A PASTEURIZED MILK is a raw milk which has been pasteurized
by heating to a temperature of 142 degrees F. the temperature and time being auto-
matically recorded by a device approved by the State Sanitary Inspector for a period
of thirty minutes and then cooled to a temperature of 50 decrees F. or lower, and the
average bacterial count of which at the time of delivery to the pasteurizing plant
does not exceed 200,000 bacteria per cubic centimeter, or the average reducing time of
which is not less than five and three-fourths (5-3/4) hours, and the average bacteria
count of which at no time after pasteurizing until delivery to the consumer does not
exceed 50,000 bacteria per cubic centimeter or the average reduction time of which is
not less than eight (8) hours.

(e)	CREAM is that portion of milk, rich in milk fat which rises to the
surface when standing, or is removed by centrifugal force by mechanical means. It shall
contain not less than twenty-two (22) percent fat. Grade A raw cream or Grade A
pasteurized cream shall conform to all standard of Grade A raw milk or Grade A pas-
teurized milk, except that the bacterial count may be three times the maximum set for
Grade A pasteurized milk.

(f)	BUTTERMILK is the product which remains when butter is removed
from milk or cream in the process of churning or it may be cultured skim milk, and
shall contain by weight not less than eight (8) per cent of milk solids.

(g) SKIMMED MILK is milk from which all or a portion of the milk
fat has been removed and which by weight in the non-fatty portion thereof contains
not less than eight and eight-tenths (8.8) per cent of milk solids.

(G-a) ICE CREAM shall comply with standards set by State of Nevada.

(h) The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
may from time to time set up standards for milk products not otherwise defined in
this Ordinance.

Section 2. The term person imports both the singular and the plural
as the case demands, and shall include corporations, partnerships, societies, and
associations.

Section 3. (a) CREAM FOR MANUFACTURING PURPOSES shall be bought
from the producers on a butter-fat basis as determined by the Babcock test.

(b)	Checks on butter-fat tests in accordance with foregoing
paragraph and where called for in this Ordinance shall be made by a person desig-
nated by the Las Vegas City Milk Ordinance Committee, at any time required. Also
checks on butter fat tests made on milk when bought on a butter fat basis shall
come under this regulation.

(c)	It shall be unlawful to serve milk in any hote, boarding house,
restaurant, lunch counter, or other place of public entertainment, except in the
original bottle, the cap of which shall be removed in the presence of patron,
provided, however, that this provision shall not apply to cream so served.

(d)	SMALL INDIVIDUAL GLASS CONTAINERS not to exceed one quart

in capacity, shall be required for all market milk or skim milk used at fountains
or other places for the purpose of the sale of mixed drinks, provided, however,
that this provision shall not be construed to prohibit the use of the entire
contents of a bottle of market milk or skim milk so used.

Section 4. It shall be unlawful to sell or deliver for consump-
tion or to possess with intent to sell or deliver for consumption,

(a) Milk or cream to which water or other foreign substance has

been added;

(b) Milk or cream which fails to measure up to the standard as
herein provided;

(c)	Milk or cream which has been produced, stored, handled or trans-
ported by or in any unclean or unsanitary manner;

(d)	Milk or cream handled by any person suffering from any infectious,
contagious or communicable disease, the absence of such infection to be determined

by cultures of physical examination by the Board of Health of City of Las Vegas.

(e)	Milk	or	cream that has been transferred from	one	can,	bottle or

other receptacle to 	another,	on any	street, alley	or thoroughfare, or	upon	a dairy

wagon, or any place in the City of Las Vegas other than the dairy plant used exclus-
ively for	the	purpose of	preparing	said milk and	cream for sale.

(f)	Milk	or	cream,	the retail or	final container	of which	does not

bear a plain and conspicuous statement showing the kind or grade as herein defined,
and the name of the person producing it.