WHEREAS, in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada and the charter of the
City of Las Vegas, the Board of Commissioners of said City has heretofore caused to be published

a proclamation stating the intention of the City to issue its swimming pool bonds in the amount

of $100,000.00, which proclamation was published in the manner and for the time required by

law; and

WHEREAS in response to said proclamation, no petition was or has been filed asking
for an election on the question of whether or not the proposed ordinance authorizing said
swimming pool bonds should be passed and the Board of Commissioners of said City is now em-
powered to enact such an ordinance and to issue said swimming pool bonds; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has found and determined and does hereby find
and determine that an emergency exists by reason of the fact that the two swimming pools and
incidental facilities proposed to be acquired with the proceeds of the bonds authorized by
Ordinance No. 311 above referred to cannot be so acquired without the expenditure of additional.
funds at this time.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN:

Section 1. That all proceedings heretofore taken by the Board of Commissioners and
by the officers of the City of Las Vegas directed toward the acquisition of two swimming pools
and incidental facilities within the City of Las Vegas and the issuance of its bonds for the
acquisition and establishment of said municipal swimming pools be and the same are hereby
ratified, approved and confirmed.

Section 2. That by virtue of and in pursuance of the charter of the City of Las
Vegas and the laws of the State of Nevada there shall be issued bonds of said City to be
demoninated Swimming Pool Bonds, Series A, in the aggregate principal amount of $100,000.00,



bearing interest at a rate of not exceeding three per centum per annum, for the purpose of
of acquiring and establishing municipal swimming pools and facilities incidental thereto with-
in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized and
directed to have said swimming pool bonds prepared in the aggregate principal amount of
$100.000.00.

Section 4. That for the purpose of providing funds as aforesaid, the City of Las
Vegas on behalf of said City and upon the credit thereof shall issue the negotiable coupon
bonds of said City in the aggregate principal amount of $100,000.00, consisting of 100 bonds
in the denomination of $1,000.00 each, numbered from 1 to 100, both inclusive, bearing date
as of the first day of April, 1947, bearing interest at the rate of not exceeding three per
centum per annum, payable semiannually on the first days of April and October of each year
as evidenced by interest coupons attached to said bonds, both principal and interest being
payable in lawful money of the United States of America at the office of the City Treasurer
of the City of Las Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada. Said bonds shall mature serially in regular
numerical order, $5,000.00 on the first day of April in each of the years 1948 to 1967, both
inclusive.

Bonds numbered 26 to 100, both inclusive, maturing on and after April 1, 1953 are
subject to redemption in inverse numerical order at the option of the City of Las Vegas on
the first day of April, 1952, or on any interest payment date thereafter prior to maturity at
a price equal to the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption date.
Notice of redemption shall be given by the County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada as Ex-
Officio Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas in the name of the City of Las Vegas by publication
of said notice at least once in each calender week of any day of the week for at least four

successive weeks prior to the redemption date in a newspaper of general circulation in the