Section 14. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, corporation, co-partnership,
association, social club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever, to sell, offer
to sell, serve, give away, or distribute, or cause or permit to be sold, offered for sale,
served, given away or distributed, any alcoholic, spirituous, vinous, malt, or intoxicating
liquor, or any liquor or beverages mentioned in this ordinance, in the City of Las Vegas
without first making application for and securing a permit and license so to do; provided
that such liquors and beverages may be served by a private- family in its home as a part of
its family life; and provided further, that the provisions of this section shall not apply
to the sale or giving away by a regularly licensed druggist of pure alcohol (with or
without a physician's prescription) for medicinal, mechanical, or scientific uses; nor
shall the provisions of this section extend to physicians, surgeons, apothecaries, or chem-
ists as to any alcoholic liquor which they may use in the preparation or compounding of
medicines.

Section 15. The licenses provided for in this ordinance shall when issued be issued
first for four months, and thereafter for a quarter of a year and for the quarters ending
on the 31st day of March, the 30th day of June, the 30th day of September, and 31st day of
December, and shall not be issued for a period less than a quarter of a year; nor shall any
licenses be issued to any person, firm, corporation, co-partnership, association, social
club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever which has not first procured a
permit for a license as herein provided for.

Section 16. The rates for the licenses provided for in this ordinance shall be, and
the same are hereby fixed and established, and the same shall be paid in advance by all
persons receiving such licenses respectively, as follows:

(1)	For a wholesale liquor license, the sum of $150.00 per quarter;

(2)	For a wholesale beverage license, the sum of $12.50 per quarter;

(3)	For	a	retail	tavern liquor license, the sum of $250.00 per quarter;

(4)	For	a	retail	drug store liquor license, the sum of $50.00 per quarter;

(5)	For	a	retail	restaurant liquor license, the sum of $125.00 per quarter;

(6)	For	a	retail	club liquor license, the sum of $50.00 per quarter;

(7)	For	a	retail	cabaret liquor license, the sum of $125.00 per quarter;

(8)	For	a	retail	beverage license, the sum of $10.00 per quarter;

In addition to the foregoing license tax, there shall be paid by wholesale beverage
licensees and retail beverage licensees, an excise tax of four cents (4¢) per gallon for each
gallon or fraction thereof of any beverage authorized or permitted by this ordinance sold,
served, distributed or given away, said tax to be paid and collected as in Ordinance No.

198 provided.

Section 17. No license for the conduct of a tavern shall be granted to any drug store,
merchandise store, or any place in which any other kind of business is maintained or con-
nected therewith; and such taverns shall be located within the zone defined in Section
4 hereof; provided, however, that hotels within said zone may, in connection with said hotel,
maintain a tavern, if such tavern so maintained by a hotel within said zone shall maintain
and keep the same separate and distinct and apart from any other business or businesses
connected therewith.

Section 18. It shall be unlawful:

(1)	For the holder of any permit or license to sell, serve, give away or dispose of
any liquor to any minor or minors;

(2)	For the holder of any permit or license to sell, serve, or give away food in
any tavern, or to conduct any other kind of business therein; or to allow any tables or
chairs in said place of business, or to allow any loitering by persons therein;

(3)	For any gambling or gambling games of any kind, save and except duly licensed
slot machines, to be conducted, carried on, suffered, or allowed in or about the premises
occupied by any tavern; and no tavern shall be connected with or have openings into any place
where gambling or gaming in any form, save and except duly licensed slot machines, is allowed,
carried on or conducted.

(4)	For the licensee or any of his servants or employees to be in an intoxicated
condition while in or about the premises or business occupied by any tavern.

(5)	For any licensee or his servants or agents to sell, serve, or give away any in-
toxicating liquor to any intoxicated person.

(6) For a permittee or licensee to sell, serve, give away or distribute any of the
liquors or beverages in this ordinance mentioned within four hundred (400) feet of any
school house or place wherein school is conducted.

Section 19. Premises conducted as taverns as herein defined, shall not be so ob-
structed by any curtain, screen or any device as to prevent a full and unobstructed view
of the interior of such premises from the main entrance or from the street or sidewalk adja-
cent thereto; and no permit or license shall be granted for the conduct of a tavern unless
the same shall face and have its main entrance from a designated street; and no tavern shall
have in the rear of its premises, or in connection therewith, any wine room, and all taverns
shall be located on the ground floor.

Section 20. No permit or license shall be issued to any person, firm, corporation,
co-partnership, association, social club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever,
unless the applicant or applicants shall have an established place of business in the City
of Las Vegas, is or are citizens of the United States, and registered voters of the State of
Nevada.

No permit or license shall be granted to any brewer or brewery, manufacturer of
liquors or beverages, or wholesaler, who shall have any financial interest, direct or indi-
rect, in any retail liquor or retail beverage establishment.

Section 21. No permit granted or license issued under this ordinance can be assigned.

Section 22. No more than one tavern license shall be granted to any person, firm,
corporation, co-partnership, association, social club, or association of persons of any kind