Section 3. The use of water from any water system belonging to any public utility for
the purpose of sprinkling or irrigating to water lawns, trees, hedges, gardens the
ground is hereby prohibited between the hours of 8' o'clock A.M. and 5 o'clock P.M. and be-
tween the hours of 8 o'clock P.M. and the follow ng day at 5 A.M.

Section 4. The provisions of the ordinance shall be effective from and after its
adoption and complete publication and until September 15th, 1934.

Section 5. The term "public utility" as herein used shall mean and embrace all corpor-
ations, companies, individuals, associations, there lessees, trustees, or receivers, that
now or may hereafter own, operate or control any plant dr equipment or any part of a plant
or equipment within the City of Las Vegas for the production, delivery or furnishing for
or to other persons, firms, associations or corporations partly or wholly from an artesian
well or wells, water for business, manufacturing, agricultural or household use.

Section 6. Any violation of this ordinance or any of the provisions thereof shall
constitute a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not to exceed fifty ($50.00)
Dollars or by imprisonment in the City jail of the City of Las Vegas for a period of not to
exceed twenty-five (25) days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 7. All ordinance and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.

Section 8. This ordinance is declared and passed as an emergency ordinance and shall be
effective on and after August 2, 1934.

Section 9. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas for a period of two weeks, that is to day: once each week.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a Special
called meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the 17th day of
July, 1934, and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon second reading on said last
mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor
Pro Tem voting aye. Noes none.

Approved this 17th day of July, 1934.

W.C. German

Mayor Pro Tem.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
City Seal.

Published July 18th and 25th, 1934.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA	)

County of Clark	)ss

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks from July 18th to July 25th inclusive,
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 18-25
hat said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th day of July 1934.

My commission Expires Dec 28 1934.	A.E. Cahlan,

Notary Public in and for Clark County
Nevada.

(Notarial Seal)