(Ordinance No. 243 Continued)

the person conducting such business or paying such license fee may at the same time and
in the same place, operate another business.

(55)	For every public stenographer, $5 per quarter. For the purpose of this subdivision,
a public stenographer is defined to be a person who makes a business of typing

for the general public or for persons other than himself or his immediate permanent
employer.

(56)	For each insurance adjuster or insurance adjusting agency, $10.00 per quarter,
except that this subdivision shall not apply to regular insurance agents adjusting
losses for their own companies.

(57)	For each automobile reclaiming agency, $5.00 per quarter.

(58)	For each bail bond broker or bail bond brokerage business, $25.00 per quarter.

(59)	For each painting or decorating contractor, $50.00 per annum.

(60)	For each amusement park charging admission to the grounds, $5.00 per quarter.

(61)	For each private detective agency, bureau or business, $25.00 per quarter.

(62)	For each abstract and/or title company doing business, maintaining an agency, or
operating in the City of Las Vegas, $25.00 per quarter.

(63)	For each brick yard, pressed brick plant, or adobe or concrete block manufacturing
plant, $40.00 per annum.

(64)	For each marble and/or granite workers' shop, $5.00 per quarter.

(65)	For each planing mill allowed by law, $5.00 per quarter.

(66)	For each automobile painting and/or sign painting establishment, $25.00 per annum.

(67)	For each welding and/or iron works, $15.00 per quarter.

(63)	For each hair dressing or beauty parlor, or both, whether operated in connection
with a barber shop or separately, $20.00 per quarter.

(69)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of distributing adver-
tising samples, hand bills, dodgers or printed matter of any kind, shall pay a
quarterly license fee of $3.00 per quarter.

(70)	For each finance company, the sum of $20.00 per quarter. For the purpose of this
subdivision, a finance company is defined to be any person, firm or corporation
other than banks, who makes a business of loaning to others for profit and who holds
himself out to the general public as such.

(71)	Every person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on any business
not specifically licensed by this ordinance or any other ordinance of the City of
Las Vegas, shall pay a quarterly license fee of $25.00 per quarter.

For the purpose of this ordinance, an auto court or tourist camp is defined as a
place, other than a regular hotel or apartment house, where sleeping accommodations in
small buildings are rented to the general public, and whenever more than two cabins or
small buildings are situated in close proximity to each other and are owned or operated by
the same person and are rented to the general public, either by the day, week, month or
year, and whether to transients or permanent residents of the City of Las Vegas, the same
shall be considered to be a tourist camp or auto court.

Nothing in this ordinance contained shall be deemed or construed as applying to any
person engaged in any of the professions or occupations hereinbefore enumerated solely as
an employee of any other person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on
any such business in the City of Las Vegas, unless specifically so provided herein.



Section 9. The license tax imposed by this ordinance shall be deemed a debt due
to said City of Las Vegas, from and against any person who commences, carries on,
engages in or conducts, in said City, any business, occupation, trade or employment upon
which a license tax is herein imposed, or for the commencing, engaging in, carrying on
or conducting, for which a license is hereby required to be procured, without first having
paid said license tax and procured said license according to the terms and provisions
of this ordinance, and such person shall be liable in a civil action in the name of said
City of Las Vegas, Plaintiff, in any Court of competent jurisdiction, for the recovery
of the amount of license tax imposed by this ordinance, and for the costs of suit.

Section 10. The license tax imposed by this ordinance shall become due and payable,
and be paid without demand therefor, in lawful money of the United States of America
to the City Clerk.

Section 11. Every license fee required hereunder which is not paid within a period
of fifteen days from the time the same becomes due and payable is hereby declared to
be delinquent and the City Clerk shall thereupon add to said license fee and collect,
before issuing such license, a penalty of ten per cent of such license fee so delinquent
(but not in any case less than fifty cents) and such penalty may also be recovered
in any civil action brought in the name of the City of Las Vegas for the recovery of
the amount of license tax imposed by this ordinance. Provided, however, that the City
Clerk during each current quarter, at least ten days before the next succeeding quarter,
shall deposit in the United States Post Office at Las Vegas, Nevada, postage prepaid
thereon, a written or printed notice directed to each person appearing upon the license
tax roll for the current quarter calling attention to the fact that the license fee for
the next succeeding quarter will be due at the time provided in this ordinance and of
the amount thereof, if readily ascertainable, and that the penalty herein provided will
be exacted unless paid within the time required by this ordinance. Said City Clerk shall
also within ten days after the first day of such succeeding quarter mail a written or
printed notice to each person appearing upon the license tax roll for said preceding
quarter, who has not paid such license fee, notifying them that unless said license fee
is paid within fifteen days after the first day of such quarter such penalty will be col-
lected in addition to the license fee. Proof of actual receipt of any such notice shall
be in no case required.

Section 12. Every person, having a license under the provisions of this ordinance
and carrying on a business at a fixed place of business shall keep such license posted
and exhibited while in force, in some conspicuous place in said place of business. Every
person having such license and not having a fixed place of business shall carry such
license with him at all times while carrying on the business for which the same is granted.