Section 17. Violation of any provision of this Ordinance shall be deemed a
misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof, shall be punishable by a fine of not less than
five dollars ($5.00) nor more than five hundred dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment for
not less than two and one-half (2½) days, nor more than six (6) months, or by both such
fine and imprisonment.

Section 18. Ordinance No. 56 of the City of Las Vegas and each and every part
thereof, is hereby repealed.

Section 19. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication
as in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 20. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to cause this Ordinance No. 320 to be
published once a week for two consecutive weeks, immediately following its first reading
and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the
Board of City Commissioners on the 5th day of July, 1946, and referred to the following
committee composed of Commissioners Corradetti & Clark for recommendation; thereafter
the said committee reported favorably on the said Ordinance on the 22nd day of July,
1946, which was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at
said regular meeting held on the 22nd day of July, 1946, the proposed Ordinance was read
in full tb the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced, and adopted by the
following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, & His Honor Mayor Cragin
Voting "Nay": None

Absent: Commissioners Baskin & Clark

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of
City Commissioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the
7th day of August, 1946, and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Corradetti & His Honor Mayor Cragin
Voting "Nay": None
Absent: Commissioner Clark