and assistance as said Board may deem necessary in furtherance thereof. Provided, however, that no
expense or indebtedness shall be incurred in, about or relating to said Municipal Golf Course
without the approval of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas first having been!
obtained. And, subject to the consent and approval of said Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, said Golf Board shall have the power to fix and establish green fees
and/or any other charges to be made to the general public for playing upon said golf Courts
or for any of the privileges in connection therewith, and to adopt rules and regulations for
for the operation of said Golf Course and for the enjoyment of any privileges in reference
to, and in connection with the same.

Section 5. The Golf Board shall, when required by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas and annually in all events, submit to the Board of Commissioners of Las
Vegas an inventory of equipment and supplies on hand, and a report generally covering the
progress of the activities of the Board. On or before the first day of February in each
year, the said Golf Board shall submit to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas an estimate of the financial requirements for the ensuing year, and also an itemized
estimate of equipment required to conduct and maintain said Municipal Golf Course for the
ensuing year.

Section 6. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las V gas, Clark
County, Nevada, for a period of two (2) weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period
of two (2) weeks.

HERBERT KRAUSE________

Mayor

ATTEST: Viola Burns
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted this
17th day of May, A.D., 1941 by the following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Corradetti and H. H. Krause and his honor,
the Mayor.

Voting no. none.

Absent? None.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed regular
meeting of the Board on the 17th day of May, 1941, at which time it was proposed, considered
and voted upon and unanimously adopted and there after published in the Las V gas Age, for
a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading
And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time at a regular meeting of t
the Board held on the 4th day of June, 1941.

Voting aye: Commissioners _________________, Tinch, Clark, and Rubidoux and His Honor

the Mayor Howell C. Garrison voting aye.

Voting no: None.

Absent and not voting. Smith passed.

ATTEST: HELEN SCOTT	A	HOWELL C. GARRISON___________

CITY CLERK	Mayor of the City of

Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada.

(CITY SEAL)

----oOo-----

ELECTRICAL ORDINANCE #258

PROVIDING FOR ELECTRICAL INSPECTION AND FOR THE LICENSING OF ELECTRICAL CONTRACTORS
AND REGULATING THE SALE OF CERTAIN ELECTRICAL PRODUCTS.

TITLE

An Ordinance for safeguarding life and property by regulating, and providing for the
inspection of , electric wiring, devices, appliances and equipment; creating the office of
Electrical Inspector and prescribing his authority and duties; requiring that no electric
wiring, devices, appliances or equipment shall be installed without first securing a permit
therefor; creating a Board of Electrical Examiners; providing for the licensing of persons,
firms and corporations engaging in the business of electrical contracting or employing elec-
tricians to do certain electrical work; making it unlawful to engage in the business of
electrical contracting or to undertake the execution of electrical work without a license,
except as otherwise provided; making it unlawful to sell at retail certain electrical products
unless such products have been approved by the Electrical Inspector, and National Board of
Underwriters, providing penalties for the violation of this ordinance and repealing all ordinances
and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions of this Ordinance.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas ordains as follows:

Section 1. Electrical Inspector—Qualifications and Appointment.

There is hereby created the office of Electrical Inspector. The person chosen to fill
the office of Electrical Inspecter shall be a competent electrician of good moral character,
shall be possessed of such executive a ability as is requisite for the efficient performance
of his duties and shall have a thorough knowledge of the standard materials and methods used
in the installation of electric wiring, devices, appliances and equipment; shall be well
versed in approved methods of electrical construction for safety to life and property,
the statutes of the State of Nevada relating to Electrical work, the rules and regulations