(b)	A "Real Estate Salesman" within the meaning of this ordinance is any person who is employed
or engaged by a licensed real estate broker to do or to deal in any act, acts or transactions set out or
comprehended by the definition of a real estate broker in Section 2 of this ordinance, for compensation,
or otherwise.

(c)	Any person, copartnership, association, or corporation who, for another, in consideration
of compensation by fee, commission, salary, or otherwise, or with the intention or expectation of receiving
compensation, does, offers or attempts, or agrees to do, engages in or offers or attempts or agrees to
engage in, either directly or indirectly, any single act or transaction contained in the definition of a
"real estate broker" in Section 2 of this ordinance, whether said act be an incidental part of a transac-
tion, or the entire transaction, shall constitute such person, copartnership, association, or corporation

a "real estate broker" or "real estate salesmen" within the meaning of this ordinance.

(d)	The provisions of this ordinance shall not apply to, and the term "Real Estate Broker" and
"Real Estate Salesman" as above defined, shall not include any person, copartnership, association or cor-
poration who, as owner or lessor, shall perform any of the acts aforesaid with reference to property owned
or leased by them, or to the regular employees thereof with respect to the property so owned or leased,
where such acts are performed in the regular course of, or as an incident to the management of such property
and the investment therein, nor shall the provisions of this ordinance apply to persons acting as Attorney-
in-Fact under a duly executed Power of Attorney from the owner authorizing the final consummation by per-
formance of any contract for the sale, leasing, or exchange of real estate, nor shall this ordinance be
construed to include in any way the services rendered by an Attorney at Law in the performance of his
duties as such Attorney at Law; nor shall it be held to include, while acting as such, a receiver, trustee
in bankruptcy, administrator, or executor, or any person doing any of the acts specified in Section 2 of
this ordinance under jurisdiction of any court, nor to include a trustee acting under a Trust Agreement,

Deed of Trust, or Will, or the regular salaried employees thereof; nor to include the purchase or sale

of mining claims or options thereon or interest therein; nor shall the provisions of this ordinance apply
to any bank, trust company, building and loan association, or any land mortgage or farm loan association
organized under the laws of	this State	or of the	United States, when engaged	in	the	transaction of busi-
ness within the scope of its corporate	powers	as	provided by law.

(e)	The term "Real Estate Broker" and "Real Estate Salesmen" as used in this ordinance shall
include and apply to any person, copartnership, association, or corporation, performing any of the acts
or transactions set out or comprehended by the definition of a "Real Estate Broker" as described herein,
for compensation or otherwise, as a whole or partial vocation.

Section 3. Application for license as a real estate broker or real estate salesman shall be
made in writing to the City	Clerk upon	blanks	or	forms prepared or furnished	by	the	City Clerk	for such

purpose. Every application	for a real	estate	broker or real estate salesman	license shall set	forth the

following information, to-wit:

1.	The name and residence address of the applicant.

2.	The location, including the street address of the place or places for which said license
is desired, and telephone numbers for each respective place of business.

3. Applicants for a real estate broker license shall set forth the name under which the real
estate business is being or is to be conducted.

it. The number and date of issuance of the most recent license certificate and pocket identi-
fication card issued to, and held by the applicant, by the Nevada State Real Estate Board.

3.	Applications for license as real estate salesmen shall set forth the name of the real
estate broker and address of the real estate broker by whom said applicant is employed and under whom
said applicant is licensed by the Nevada State Real Estate Board.

6. Every application for a license as a real estate broker or real estate salesman under the
provisions of the ordinance shall be accompanied by the license fee prescribed by this ordinance.

Section The City Clerk shall issue each license in such form and size as shall be prescribed
by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Each license shall show the name and address
of the licensee, and in the case of a real estate salesman license, it shall show the name of the real
estate broker by whom he is employed. Each license shall have imprinted thereon the seal of the City of
Las Vegas, and in addition to the foregoing shall contain such matter as shall be prescribed by the Board
of Commissioners. It shall be the duty and obligation of each real estate broker and/or real estate
salesman licensee to conspicuously display his City License in the place or places where he is engaged
in the real estate business and for which he holds a license from the Nevada State Real Estate Board.

Notice in writing shall be given to the City Clerk by any real estate brokers or real estate
salesman of a change of business location designating the new location of said office, whereupon the
City Clerk shall issue a new license for a new location for the unexpired period upon the payment of a
re-issue fee as provided for in Section 6 herein. If the real estate broker or real estate salesman
is engaged in the real estate business at more than one place within the City of Las Vegas, a duplicate
license shall be issued upon the payment of a "duplicate fee" as provided for in Section 6 herein to
such broker and/or salesman for each branch office, in which said duplicate license shall be conspic-
uously displayed.

Notice in writing shall also be given to the City Clerk within ten (10) days by any real estate
salesman of a change of employer, together with the name of the new employer in whose service such sales-
man is about to enter. The City Clerk shall issue a new license to said salesman for the unexpired per-
iod of the original license, upon, receipt of such notice in proper form, accompanied by the payment of
a transfer fee as provided for in Section 6 herein.

Section 5.

(a)	Licenses provided for by this ordinance shall be issued only to persons, copartnerships,
associations, or corporations holding a license issued by the Nevada State Real Estate Board, under an