Section 3. BOND. Before any license, as provided by this ordinance, shall be issued for engaging
in an transient or itinerant business, as defined in Section 2 of this ordinance, in the City of Las Vegas,
such applicant shall file with the City Clerk, a bond running to the City of Las Vegas in the sum of One
Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) executed by the applicant, as principal, and two sureties upon which service
of process may be made in the State of Nevada; said bond to be approved by the City Attorney, conditioned
that the said applicant shall comply fully with all of the provisions of this and all other ordinances of
the City of Las Vegas and the statutes of the State of Nevada, regulating and concerning the sale of goods,
wares and merchandise, and the payment of license fees, and will pay all judgments rendered against said
applicant for any violation of said ordinances or statutes, or any of them, together with all judgments
and costs that may be recovered against him by any person or persons for damage growing out of any misre-
presentations or deceptions were made or practiced by the owners or by their servants, agents, or employees,
either at the time of making the sale or through any advertisement of the time of making the sale or through
any advertisement of any character whatsoever, printed or circulated with reference to the goods, wares and
merchandise sold or any part thereof. Action on the bond may be brought in the name of the City to the use
of the City or aggrieved person, as the case may be. Such bond must be approved by the City Attorney, both
as to form, and as to the responsibility of the sureties thereon.

Section 6. SERVICE OF PROCESS. Before any license as herein provided shall be issued for engaging
in business as an itinerant merchant, as herein defined, in the City of Las Vegas, such applicant shall file
with the City Clerk an instrument nominating and appointing the City Clerk, or the person performing the
duties of such position, his true and lawful agent with full power and authority to acknowledge service or
notice of process for and on behalf of said applicant in respect to any matters connected with or arising
out of the business transacted under said license and the bond given as required by Section 5 of this ordin-
ance, or for the performance of the conditions of said bond or for any breach thereof, which said instrument
shall also contain recitals to the effect that said applicant for said license consents and agrees that ser-
vice of any notice or process may be made upon said agent, and when so made shall be taken and held to be
as valid as if personally served upon the person or persons applying for the said license under this ordin-
ance, according to the law of this or any other state, and waiving all claim or right of error by reason
of such acknowledgment of service or manner of service. Immediately upon service of process upon the City
Clerk, as herein provided, the City Clerk shall send to the licensee at his last known address, by regis-
tered mail, a copy of said process.

Section 7. FEES. The license fee which shall be paid to the City Clerk upon the issuance of a
license hereunder shall be based upon the gross amount of sales and shall be as follows:

Where the quarterly gross sales are Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00), or less the sum of Seventy-
five Dollars ($73.00 per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are more than Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00) and do not exceed
Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00), the sum of One Hundred and Twenty-five Dollars ($125.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are more than Five Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00) and do not exceed
Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00), the sum of Two Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($250.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00) and do not exceed Fif-
teen Thousand Dollars ($13,000.00), the sum of Three Hundred and Seventy-five Dollars ($373.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($13,000.00) and do not exceed
Twenty Thousand Dollars ($20,000.00), the sum of Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Twenty Thousand Dollars ($20,000.00) and do not exceed
Thirty Thousand Dollars ($30,000.00), the sum of Seven Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($730.00) per quarter.

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Thirty Thousand Dollars ($30,000.00) and do not exceed
Forty Thousand Dollars ($40,000.00), the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) per quarter;

Where the quarterly gross sales are over Forty Thousand Dollars ($40,000.00), the sum of One Thou-
sand Two Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($1,230.00) per quarter.

Prior to the issuance of a license hereunder, the applicant therefor shall state in writing under
oath to the City Clerk the probable amount of gross sales which it is estimated will be made in the ensuing
quarterly period for which the license is to be issued, and where said applicant has held a license for the
next preceding quarterly period the estimate shall be computed upon the amount of gross sales made during
said preceding period. Where the amount of gross sales actually made in any quarterly period shall be in
excess of the estimate for said period, the licensee shall be indebted to the City of Las Vegas for any
deficiency in fee paid for said period and liable therefor to said City in a civil action. No license here-
under shall be issued to said licensee for any subsequent quarter unless and until said deficiency is paid
to the City Clerk, and when so paid shall constitute an additional fee for any license issued hereunder for
such subsequent period, and be deemed in full payment of said deficiency. The City Clerk and any other
officer designated by him shall have power and authority to enter any store, building, or any other place in
which such temporary business may be conducted at any time during business hours for ascertaining the amount
of sales made and shall at all times have access to the books of such business.

Section 8. TRANSFER. No license issued hereunder shall be transferred without the written consent
of the Board of Commissioners, and then only upon the compliance by the transferee with all of the require-
ments provided for in this ordinance as for the issuance of an original license.

Section 9. LOUD NOISES AND SPEAKING DEVICES. No licensee under this ordinance, nor anyone in his
behalf shall shout, make any outcry, blow a horn, ring a bell or use any other sound device including any loud
speaking radio or amplifying system upon any of the streets, alleys, parks or other public places of the said
City or upon any private premises in the said City where sound of sufficient volume is emitted or produced
therefrom capable of being plainly heard upon the streets, avenues, alleys or parks or other public places,
for the purpose of attracting attention to any goods, wares or merchandise which such licensee proposes to
sell.

Section 10. EXHIBITION OF LICENSE. The license issued under this ordinance shall be posted con-
spiciously in the place of business named therein. In the event that such person or persons applying for said
license shall desire to do business in more than one place within the City, separate licenses may be issued
for such place of business, and shall be posted conspicuously in each place of business.