of all the taxable lots and premises included within and constituting
the subdivision known as Biltmore Addition Annex No. 1 to the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown on a plat thereof on file in the office of
the Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 2, of Plats on Page 40.

2. To make, forthwith, a special assessment in the total amount of Ten
Thousand Twenty Three Dollars and Eighty One Cents ($10,023.81), and
to levy said assessment according to benefits against the owners of
and upon the taxable lots and premises embraced within the special
assessment district created by Ordinance No. 321 of the City of Las
Vegas and composed of all the taxable lots and premises included
within and constituting the subdivision known as Biltmore Addition
Annex No. 2 to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown on a plat
thereof on file in the office of the Recorder of Clark County, Nevada,
in Book 2 of Plats on Page 46.

Section 2. In no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such
lot or premises exceed s0% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest
tax list or assessment roll for State and County taxation, but such cost in excess of 20%
shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the general fund.

Section 3. The ex-officio City Assessor shall prepare an assessment roll in the
manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and shall assess each lot and parcel
of land embraced within the aforementioned special assessment districts such relative portion
of the whole sum to be levied in each of said districts as shall be proportionate to the
estimated benefit resulting to such lot or parcel of land embraced within the aforementioned
special assessment districts such relative portion of the whole sum to be levied in each of
said districts as shall be proportionate to the estimated benefit resulting to such lot or
parcel of land from the improvement.

Section 4. After the special assessment roll, as herein provided for, shall have
been prepared and completed, the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall report the same to the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and thereafter it shall be filed in the Office of
the City Clerk and numbered, and the Board of Commissioners shall cause notice thereof to
the persons whose names appear upon the assessment roll, and to all others interested therein,
to be published for at least two weeks in some newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
of the time when the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to
review the assessments, and any person objecting to the assessments may file his objections
thereto with the City Clerk.

Section 5. At the time appointed for reviewing the assessments, the Board of
Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet and give all persons interested
an opportunity to be heard, and shall consider any and all objections that may be filed with
the City Clerk, and then, or at some adjourned meeting, shall review the assessments and
correct the same and confirm it as corrected, or confirm it as reported, or annul it and
direct a new assessment to be made.

Section 6. When the assessments shall be confirmed as herein provided it shall be
final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to the County Assessor, acting
Ex-Officio City Assessor, the Assessment Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners,
with his certificate of such confirmation and of the date thereof. The County Assessor,
acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record such
Assessment Roll in his office and append thereto his certificate of the date of such
recording, whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the
contents of such assessment roll, and it shall be prima facia evidence in all courts and
tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the
validity of the assessment and assessment roll. After the assessment roll has been con-
firmed and recorded, the several amounts levied thereon shall be come at once due and payable
and shall constitute and be a lien upon the respective lots and parcels of land and improve-
ments assessed and shall be charged against the persons and properties until paid.

Section 7. All assessments when due and payable, as in this ordinance provided,
shall be paid to the County Treasurer and ex-officio Tax Receiver, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and ex-officio Treasurer and Tax Receiver of the City of Las Vegas, and be by
that officer paid into and credited to the special fund to be known as and called "Las Vegas
1946 Biltmore Addition Annex No. 1 and Biltmore Addition Annex No. 2 Street Fund."

Section 8. All costs and expenses incurred in making the improvements shall be
charged to and paid out of said fund, provided, however, that all monies drawn on the
General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to defray any of the costs and expenses of making
the improvements or, if it shall become necessary to draw upon the General Fund to defray
any of the costs and expenses of the improvements, except as otherwise provided by the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas, the General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds
from the "Las Vegas 1946 Biltmore Addition Annex No. 1 and Biltmore Addition Annex No. 2
Street Fund" as soon as conditions of the same will permit, and provided further that where
there shall be lands belonging to the City or public grounds not taxable, abutting on such
improvements, or such improvements shall be made upon interior spaces opposite alleys, and
squares and spaces formed by the intersection of streets, such part of the expense of the
improvements as estimated by the assessor to be justly apportionable to such public ground,
the City property, and to any interior spaces opposity alleys, and squares and spaces
formed by the intersection of streets shall be paid from the General Fund and borne by the
City of Las Vegas, and the balance of such expense shall be assessed upon the taxable lots
included in such special assessment districts in proportion to the estimated benefits
resulting thereto from the improvement.

Section 9. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication
as in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 10. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to cause this Ordinance No. 340 to be published
once a week for two consecutive weeks, immediately following its first reading and adoption,
in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas.

ATTEST: 

(Seal) Helen Scott Reed. City Clerk	Approved: E. W. Cragin, Mayor.