ORDINANCE NO. 241 Continued:

portions thereof, shall thereafter be paid as follows: In equal annual install-
ments, provided, however, that the first installment may be for a greater or
lesser amount than the remaining installments; each of said installments shall
bear interest from the end of said fifty days until due, at the same rate of
interest as shall be fixed by Ordinance; such installments and interest thereon
shall be and remain a lien upon the said lots and parcels of land and premises
until paid; said installments and the interest thereon may be collected in the
same manner as other delinquent assessments, and the Board of Commissioners in
the ordinance directing the issuance of said bonds may provide that the unpaid
assessments, and portions thereof, and the interest thereon, shall be placed on
the State and County Tax Roll and be collected in the same manner and at the
same time as other State and County general taxes are collected, and direct the
officers of the County to collect the same.

Section 6. That as soon as the said special assessment roll, as provided for in
Section 3 of this ordinance, shall have been confirmed and recorded, the several
amounts contained therein and levied on and against the properties therein, shall
be due and payable at once, and shall be paid to the County Treasurer and Ex-
officio Tax Receiver of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, Ex-officio Treasurer
and Tax Receiver of the City of Las Vegas, and be by that officer paid into and
credited to the Special Fund to be known as and called "Las Vegas 1938 Improvement
District No. 4" and all costs and expenses incurred in making said improvements,
as in this ordinance contained, shall be charged to and paid out of said fund.
Provided, however, that in the event it becomes necessary to draw on the General
Fund of the City of Las Vegas to defray any of the costs and expenses of making
any of said improvements, except as otherwise provided for by the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas, that the said General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of
funds from said "Las Vegas 1938 Improvement District No. 4" as soon as the fin-
ancial condition of same will permit. And provided further that where there shall
be lands belonging to the City, or public ground not taxable, abutting on such
improvements, or such improvements shall be made upon interior squares or spaces,
formed by the intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys, general bonds
of the City of Las Vegas may be issued under proper procedure taken therefor by
the Board of Commissioners to provide funds for the purpose of defraying such
portion of the expenses thereof as the Board of Commissioners shall determine to
be paid from the General Fund or from the proper Street Fund, or District Street
Fund, or partly from each, or to be stood and borne by the City of Las Vegas.

Section 7. This Ordinance shall be and become effective upon its publication
and final passage.

Section 8. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and dir-
ected to cause this Ordinance to be published in the Las Vegas Evening-Review
Journal, a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for a
period of once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first
reading.

This Ordinance was read aloud for the first time, proposed, considered and voted
upon this 19 day of August, 1958. Voting Ayes: Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and
His Honor, the Mayor, H. P. Marble. Voting Nays: None. Abs: Commissioners
Corradetti and Luce.

H. P. MARBLE Mayor
Of the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:

VIOLA BURNS City Clerk
and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas.

(City Seal)

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a recessed regular
meeting held on the 19th day of August, 1958, at which time it was proposed, con-
sidered and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper, published in the City of
Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately
following the first reading. And, it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for
a second time at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 7th day of September,
1958.

Voting Aye; Commissioners Krause, Luce, Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor, H.P.
Marble. Noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

Approved:

Attest:

H. P. MARBLE

VIOLA BURNS	Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

City Clerk
(City Seal)