10.	The word "tavern" means a place where alcoholic liquors are sold
at retail to the general public, and a place where ho other kind of
business or businesses is or are being maintained or conducted, except
that in such taverns, cigars, Cigarettes, tobaccos, nuts, jerkey, pop-
corn and pretzels may be sold or given away. Otherwise, however, no
lunches, fOod-stuffs, or so-called "free lunches" are to be either sold
or given away in such taverns.

11.	The word "cabaret" means a place for the entertainment of guests,
and where meals and beverages or alcoholic liquors are served or sold
at retail, at tables only, and not at or over a bar.

12.	The word "drugstore" means a place where medicines are sold and
prescriptions compounded.

13.	The "Wholesale liquor establishment" is defined to be a place where
alcoholic, spirituous, Vinuous, malt, or mixed alcoholic and intoxicating
liquors and beverages are kept, sold, given away or distributed, contained
in sealed or corked packages or kegs, and not to be consumed on the premises
where so kept, sold, given away or distributed, and to be sold, given away
or distributed to retailers only, and only in the original packages or kegs.

And every wholesale liquor establishment shall keep a record of the retail
City license number of each and every person, firm or corporation to whom

any sale or gift of liquor is made and shall keep an invoice of each and every
such sale or gift, and shall insert on such invoice, such retail license
number, and such invoices shall at all times, during business hours, be open
to inspection by the City of Las Vegas.

14.	A "retail liquor establishment" is defines to be a place where alcoholic
liquors and beverages are sold, served, or otherwise distributed in quantities
not exceeding four and nine-tenths (4.9) gallons to the same person or for
the same person's use at any one time; provided that drug stores and retail
liquor stores shall not sell or distribute at any one time to any one person
spirituous liquors in quantities less than one pint or sixteen fluid ounces,
nor shall any single package containing less than such amount be sold, offered
for sale, displayed or carried in stock

Section 2.

Section 7 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
amended to read as follows:

Restaurants for the sale of beverages containing not more than 30 per centum of
alcohol by weight, shall be maintained only within the zone designated in Section 4
hereof.

Section 3. Section 8 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas ( as amended ) is
hereby amended to read as follows:

Cabarets and Clubs for the sale of beverages or alcoholic liquors shall be main-
tained only in such place or places as may, in the discretion of the Board of Commissioners
be specifically designated at the time application for a license therefor is made.

Section 4. Section 9 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended
to read as follows:

Whenever any person, firm, corporation, co-partnership, association, social club,
dr associations of persons of any kind whatsoever desires to open, keep, carry on or
conduct any liquor establishment in the City of Las Vegas, or engage in the business
thereof, such persons shall make application in writing to the Board of Commissioners
of said City to obtain a license therefor; and said application shall contain and set
forth the following;

(a)	The name and residence of the applicant or applicants and how long a
resident of the City of Las Vegas.

(b)	The kind of a license desired, and the particular place for which such
license is desired, and the name of the owner of the premises where such business is to
be operated.

(c)	The person or persons interested in the business asked to be licensed;

(d)	A statement that if such permit is granted and a license issued, same
will be accepted by the applicant subject to the terms and provisions of this ordinance,
and such other rules and regulations as may at any time hereafter be adopted or enacted
by resolution of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

(e)	The first quarterly license tax shall accompany the application, to be
returned to applicant if permit is denied.

(f)	Said application must be verified by the applicant or applicants thereof.

Section ,5. Section 16 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas ( as amended ) is
hereby amended to read as follows:

The rates for the licenses provided for in this Ordinance shall be, and the same are
fixed and established, and the same shall be paid in advance by all persons receiving
such licenses respectively as follows:

(1)	For a wholesale liquor license, the sum of $75.00 per quarter;

(2)	For a wholesale beverage license, the sum of $25.00 per quarter;

(3)	For a Tavern liquor license, the sum of $250.00 per quarter;

(4) For a Club liquor license, the sum of $50.00 per quarter;

(5) For a Restaurant beverage license, the sum of $180.00 per quarter;

(6)	For a Cabaret license, selling beverages only, the sum of $125.00 per
quarter;

(7)	For a Cabaret Liquor license, the sum of $300.00 per quarter;

(8)	For a Retail Liquor Establishment to be maintained only in the zone designated
in Section 4, or a drug store, for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in
original containers as received from the distiller or wholesaler, not to be
consumed on the premises, selling spirituous liquors in quantities not
exceeding one quart or thirty-two (32) fluid ounces, wines in quantities of
not more than one gallon, or beer in quantities of not more than one case

or twenty-four pints, the sum of $75.00 per quarter;

(9)	For a Retail Liquor Establishment to be maintained only in the zone designated
in Section 4 or a drug store, for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in