to anyone not having a retail liquor or beverage license.

Section 15. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, corporation, co-partnership,
association, social club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever, to sell,
serve, distribute, or give away any of the liquors or beverages in this ordinance mentioned,
within four hundred feet of any school house or place where school is conducted.

Section 16. Any person, firm, corporation, co-partnership, association, social club,
or association of persons of any kind whatsoever, subject to the payment of the excise
tax in this ordinance mentioned, shall, in addition to the requirements in this ordinance
contained, execute a bond to the City of Las Vegas in the sum of Five Hundred Dollars
($500.00), conditioned that the person, firm, corporation, co-partnership, association,
social club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever, giving said bond will pay
to said City of Las Vegas any and all tax due. Said bond shall be in form as required by
the Board of City Commissioners, and subject to its approval.

Section 17. The provisions of this ordinance shall apply only to the granting of
licenses and the permission to sell, serve, distribute, or give away, any of the liquors
or beverages that now are or may hereafter be authorized by the laws of the United States.

Section 18. Any violation of this ordinance or any one of the provisions thereof, or
any of the prohibitions thereof, or any of the requirements thereof, shall constitute a
misdemeanor, and shall be punishable by a fine of not to exceed Three Hundred Dollars
($300.00) or by imprisonment in the City Jail of Las Vegas for a period of not to exceed
six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment, and shall subject the licensee to
having his license revoked, cancelled or annulled; and any person being adjudged guilty
of the violation of this ordinance or any of the provisions thereof, or any of the pro-
hibitions thereof, may, in the discretion of the Board of City Commissioners, be denied a
permit or license thereafter. Any owner or proprietor of any kind of business licensed
under this ordinance, who shall violate or permit a violation of this ordinance, or any
of the provisions thereof, in his or her or its place of business, shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor, and shall be punishable by a fine of not to exceed Three Hundred Dollars
($300.00) or by imprisonment in the City Jail of Lae Vegas for a period of not to exceed
six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 19. The Board of City Commissioners are invested with power to punish viola-
tions of this Ordinance and with power to revoke permits and cancel licenses, and to sus-
pend the same should it deem such action justifiable.



Section 20. No permit granted or license issued under this Ordinance shall be assign-
able, except to a bona fide purchaser of the business to which it relates or in connection
with which it was granted or issued, and then only after the consent in writing of the
Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas first had and obtained, upon an application
therefor filed, containing, in addition to the requirements specified for obtaining an
original permit and license, a statement setting forth such transfer and proposed transfer
of the business. Such application must be verified by both assignor and assignee.

Section 21. It shall be lawful for the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
to refuse to grant permits or licenses for the conduct of any business mentioned in this
ordinance, in the residential district of the City of Las Vegas; and said Board shall have
the power to limit the number of retail and wholesale licenses to be issued and to designate
where in said City any of said liquors or beverages may be sold, served, distributed or
given away, and to refuse to issue a license to any applicant who violates any of the laws of
the State of Nevada or of the United States.

Section 22. All Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict with this Ordinance are
hereby repealed.

Section 23. This Ordinance to take effect immediately after its passage and publica-
tion, and this Ordinance is passed as an emergency Ordinance,

Section 24. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this Ordinance
published in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, for a
period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a re-
cessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 31 day of March, and was passed as an emergency Ordinance upon second reading on said
last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Approved this 31 day of March, 1933.

E W Cragin Mayor

Attest:

Viola Burns City Clerk. (CITY SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

ss

County of Clark )

J. W. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Managing Editor of
the LAS VEGAS AGE, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Las Vegas City