Section 3. Section 11 of the above-entitled ordinance is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 11. Every license fee required hereunder which is not paid within a period of
fifteen days from the time the same becomes due and payable is hereby declared to be delin-
quent and the City Clerk shall thereupon add to said license fee and collect, before issuing
such license, a penalty of ten per cent of such license fee so delinquent (but not in any
case less than fifty cents) and such penalty may also be recovered in any civil action brought
in the name of the City of Las Vegas for the recovery of the amount of license tax imposed by
this ordinance. Provided, however, that the City Clerk during each current quarter, at least
ten days before the next succeeding quarter, shall deposit in the United States Post Office
at Las Vegas, Nevada, postage prepaid thereon, a written or printed notice directed to each
person appearing upon the license tax roll for the current quarter calling attention to the
fact that the license fee for the next succeeding quarter will be due at the time provided
in this ordinance and of the amount thereof, if readily ascertainable, and that the penalty
herein provided shall be exacted unless paid within the time required by this ordinance.

Proof of actual receipt of any such notice shall be in no case required.

Section 4. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions of this
ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 5. The increased development in the operation and conduct of business and commerce
in the City of Las Vegas has augmented the burdens of government and makes immediately
necessary the enactment of the foregoing provisions for the readjustment of license fees
and for further supervision and regulation of various occupations in the furtherance and
promotion of the public welfare. This ordinance is, therefore, declared to be and is hereby
passed as an emergency ordinance and shall take effect immediately after its passage and
publication.

Section 6. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance published
in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
for a period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that, by the unanimous consent of the whole Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, the foregoing Ordinance was read in full when first introduced at
the regular meeting of said Board held on the 22nd day of March, 1948, and was passed as an
emergency ordinance upon said reading on said date, on the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "No": None

Absent: None

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed	E. W. Cragin_________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

DICK LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is foreman of the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from March 23, 1948 to March 30th, 1948
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: March 23-30.
That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed	Dick Lochrie_________

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 30th day of March, 1948.

A. E. Cahlan__________________

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires

Jan 12, 1951	(SEAL)

-----oOo-----