In the following list each district shall be deemed to be more restricted than the districts succeeding it
and each district shall be deemed to be less restricted than the districts preceding it: R-1, R-2, R-3, R-4,

C-1, C-2, C-S, M-1, M-2.

DORMITORY:

A building or portion of a building containing sleeping accomodations including "cot-houses", "flop-houses"
and similarly designated uses, but not including hotels, lodging houses, boarding houses, hospitals, or
other approved institutional or similar uses.

DUMP:

A place used for the disposal, whether by deposition, abandonment, discarding, dumping, reduction, burial,
incineration, or by any other means, of any garbage, sewage, trash, refuse, waste material, offal or dead
animals; provided, however, that this definition shall not be deemed to include such means of disposal of
such substances as are customarily incidental and accessory to dwellings, institutions, and commercial,
industrial and agricultural uses.

DWELLING:

A building or portion thereof designed for, or occupied exclusively for residential purposes, including
one-family, two-family, and multiple dwellings, but not including apartment houses, apartment hotels,
hotels, clubs, dormitories, boarding or lodging houses, institutions or transient living accomodations of
any type.

DWELLING UNIT:

Two (2) or more rooms in a dwelling designed for or occupied by one (1) family for living or sleeping purposes
and having only one (1 kitchen.

DWELLING. ONE-FAMILY:

A detached dwelling designed for, or occupied exclusively by, one (1) family. When occupied by a related
family, not more than three (3) additional persons may be lodged or furnished meals therein. When occupied
by a non-related family, no additional persons may live or be furnished meals therein.

DWELLING. TWO-FAMILY:

A detached dwelling designed for, or occupied exclusively by, two (2) families, living independently of each
other, as separate, non-transient housekeeping units.

DWELLING. MULTIPLE:

A detached dwelling designed for, or occupied by three (3) or more families living independently of each
other as separate, non-transient housekeeping units, including row dwellings and residential apartment houses.

DWELLING. GROUP:

A group of two or more detached or semi-detached one-family, two-family, or multiple dwellings occupying a
parcel of land in one ownership and having any yard or court in common, including a bungalow court and
apartment courts, but not including auto courts or transient living accomodations of any type.

DWELLING. ROW:

A row of three or four attached single-family dwellings, not more than two (2) stories in height, nor more
than two (2) rooms deep.

FAMILY:

One (1) or more persons customarily living together as a single non-profit housekeeping unit and occupying a
dwelling unit or an apartment as distinguished form a group occupying a boarding house, lodging house, or
hotel as herein defined. A family shall be deemed to include necessary servants.

GAMING:

The term "gaming" shall be construed to mean and include all games or devices and any slot machines or slot
machines played for money or for checks or takens redeemable in money, except for the purpose of this ord-
inance only, the term "gaming" shall not be construed to include or mean slot-machines when such are
operated incidental or accessory to the conduct of a business permitted under the provisions of this ordinance.

GARAGE. PRIVATE:

An accessory building or portion of the main building, designed or used for the shelter or storage of self-
propelled vehicles owned or operated by the occupants of the main building or families resident upon the
same premises. Such garage, when in an R-1, R-2, R-3, or R-4 district shall not be used for more than one (1)
commercial vehicle per family resident upon the premises, and no such commercial vehicle shall exceed one (1)
ton capacity.

GARAGE. PUBLIC:

Any building or premises, except those herein defined as a private or storage garage, used for the storage
or care of self-propelled vehicles, or where any such vehicles are mechanically repaired, rebuilt or recon-
structed except general body or fender repair, or kept for hire or sale.

GARAGE, STORAGE:

Any premises other than those herein defined as a private garage or public garage, used exclusively for the
storage of self-propelled vehicles, and for no other purpose whatever.

GRADE:

1.	For buildings adjoining one (1) street only, the established elevation of the curb at the center of that
wall adjoining the street.