ORDINANCE NO. 307

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND, REVISE, AND RE-ENACT SECTION 1 OF ORDINANCE NO. 292 OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, AS AMENDED, AND TO REPEAL ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THERE-
WITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 1 of Ordinance No. 292 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An
ordinance providing for the protection of the public health, and the examination, registration
licensing and bonding of persons engaged in the business of plumbing, or laboring at the trade
of plumbing; requiring a permit for the installation or alteration of plumbing and drainage
systems; crating the office of plumbing inspector and a board of plumber Examiners, and pre-
scribing their duties; defining certain terms; establishing minimum regulations for the installation
 , alteration or repair of plumbing and drainage systems and the inspection there-
of; providing penalties for its violation and repealing conflicting ordinances", shall be and
the same is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that the same shall as follows:

Section 1. That certain document three (3) copies of which are on file in the
office of the City Clark of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated as Standard
Plumbing Code, published by Western Plumbing and Heating Journal and the same is hereby re-
ferred to and adopted as the Plumbing Code of the City of Las Vegas for the protection of the
Public health, the examination, registration, licensing and bonding of persons engaged in the
business of plumbing or laboring at the trade of plumbing, regulating the installation or
alteration or repair of plumbing and drainage systems and the inspection thereof, creating the
office of Plumbing Inspector and a Board of Plumber Examiners and prescribing their duties;
providing penalties for violation of such plumbing code; and each and all of the regulations,
provisions, penalties, conditions and terms of such "Standard Plumbing Code, published by
Western Plumbing and Heating Journal" On file in the Office of the City Clark are hereby
referred to, adopted and made a part hereof as if fully set out in this ordinance."

Section 2. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby
repealed, but it is specifically provided that neither this ordinance or repeal hereby
provided shall in any way effect in any way any prosecution for the violation of any
ordinance heretofore passed, pending at the time of the adoption of this ordinance.

Section 3. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, adoption and
publication for two (2) successive issues in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily
newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 4. The City Clark of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to
have this City Ordinance published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two
(2) weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of two (2) weeks.

_______/s/, E. W. Cragin____________

Mayor

ATTEST: /s/ Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the 7th day of September, 1945, and referred to
the following Commissioners, Baskin and Corradetti, for recommendation; that thereafter the
said Committee reported favorably on the said Ordinance on the 22nd day of September, 1945,
which was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners, that at said regular
meeting the said proposed Ordinance was read aloud, in full and adopted as first introduced
this 22nd day of Sept., A.D., 1945, by the following vote:

Voting Aye:	commissioners	Baskin, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor, Mayor Cragin

Voting No	:	None

Absent	:	None

Passed	:	Commissioner	Bates.

This Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City Commissioners
on the 7th day of September, 1945, and referred to the following of said Board of Commissioners
the Committee reported favorably on the said Ordinance, that at said regular meeting this
Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City commissioners for the first time at a regular
meeting of the said Board and adopted as first introduced by the unanimous vote of said
Board and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal newspaper printed and
published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark, County, Nevada, for a period of once a week for
two (2) consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading and it was thereafter
read aloud to the said Board for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on
the 5th day of October, 1945, and passed by the following vote:

Voting Aye:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor Cragin

Voting Nay:	None

Absent :	Commissioner Bates

_____/s/ E. W. Cragin___________

Mayor

ATTEST:	/s/ Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk