following its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time
at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 5th day of January, 1942.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux, and His Honor the Mayor Howell
C. Garrison.

Voting No: None.

Absent and not voting: None.

Howell C. Garrison
Mayor of The City of Las Vegas

Attest:	Clark County, Nevada

Helen Scott,

City Clerk.

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

( SS

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review Journal a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of Two Weeks for December 6th, 1941 to December
12th. 1941 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:
December 6th - 12th. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
15th day of December, 1941.

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada
(SEAL)

My commission Expires Jan 12, 1943.

ORDINANCE 267

AN ORDINANCE DEFINING GARBAGE AND RUBBISH; AND REGULATING THE COLLECTION AND DISPOSAL OF
GARBAGE AND RUBBISH IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS AND MATTERS RELATING THERETO. AND PROVIDING
PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THE PROVISIONS THEREOF; AND REPEALING ORDINANCE 216 AND
ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1. For the purpose of this ordinance the word "garbage" shall be held to mean and
include and does mean and include all kitchen and table refuse and offal, swill, and also
every accumulation of animal, vegetable and other matter that attends the preparation,
consumption, sale of, dealing in or storing of meats, fish, fowls, birds, fruits and vegetables,
which is unsuitable for culinary purposes. And also all rubbish, refuse, crockery, bottles
tin vessels, trimmings from lawns and flower gardens, paste-board boxes, paper, straw,
packing materials, boxes, ashes, and all waste matters, whenever the same may be accumulated
within the city limits of the City of Las Vegas, whether at residences, warehouses, store-
houses, or other places.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, company, or corporation having in his her
or its possession or control garbage, to sell, give away, or dispose of such garbage, except
as hereinafter provided.

Section 3. Every place of business and every dwelling place within the City of Las Vegas
must provide and maintain sufficient metal containers in adequate capacity and suitable in
size for the collection and storage of garbage and rubbish. Such containers must be maintained
in good condition, without breaks or leaks, and of such shape and size that the collectors
may conveniently carry and dump the garbage therein into trucks used for that purpose without
spilling the contents upon themselves or the ground. Such containers shall be placed so as
to be readily accessible for removing and emptying by collectors, and they must be protected
and secured so as not to be easily overturned by dogs or other animals. Every owner or
occupant of premises or persons under whose control premises may be, shall be keep such
promises, including the alley in rear, clean and clear of all garbage, rubbish or unwholesome
matter of every kind All garbage and rubbish shall be conveyed to the City Dump at least
once each week.

Section 4. All trash, refuse, rubbish, dirt, building material, tree leaves, limbs, trimmings
and roots, auto bodies, scrap metal or other scrap material of any nature, shape, size, or
weight that cannot be conveniently dumped into the trucks from the containers mentioned in
Section 3 shall be known as "rubbish" and shall be collected by the occupants of the premises
and conveyed or caused to be conveyed to the City Dump.

(See top of page 156 for balance of Section 4)

Section 5. All garbage mentioned in this Ordinance shall be removed from the premises under the
supervision and direction of the Commissioner of Streets and Public Property of the City of
Las Vegas, under such conditions and pursuant to such regulations as said Commissioner shall
hereafter from time to time promulgate. After wet and dry garbage shall have been placed in
the said containers as herein provided, no person shall disturb the said containers or the
contents thereof or remove the same or interfere therewith, except the agents or contractors of
the city and under the supervision and direction of the Commissioner of Streets and Public
Property of the City of Las Vegas.