ORDINANCE NUMBER 299

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, REQUIRING PERSONS CONVICTED
OF CERTAIN CRIMES, WHO SHALL COME INTO OR BE WITHIN THE SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS, TO RE-
GISTER IN THE OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF POLICE OF SAID CITY, FIRING THE PENALTY FOR THE VIO-
LATION HEREOF, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA, DOR ORDAIN AS
FOLLOWS:

Section 1.

This is an emergency police power ordinance, the immediate passage of which is in
the opinion of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
Nevada, necessary for the preservation of the public peace and to protect the public health
and secure the public safety of citizens of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Section II.

For the purpose of this ordinance the words, "Convicted persons" are defined as follows:

Any person who subsequent to January 1, 1940 has been or who shall hereafter be con-
victed of a felony, or any offense punishable as a felony, in the State of Nevada, or who
has been or shall hereafter be convicted of the violation of any law in any other place than
the State of Nevada, which crime if committed in the State of Nevada would have been a felony
or would have been punishable as a felony; also any person who since January 1, 1940 has been
or is hereafter convicted in the State of Nevada, or elsewhere, of the violation of any law
relating to the following subject or subjects, to-wit:

(1)	Relating to or regulating the possession, distribution, furnishing or use of
any narcotics.

(2)	Regulating or prohibiting the carrying or possession of or ownership of any
concealed weapon or deadly weapon, or any weapons capable of being concealed,
or any weapons capable of being concealed, or regulating or prohibiting the
possession of, sale of, or use of any device, instrument or attachment designed
to or intended to be used for the purpose of silencing the report of, or con-
cealing the discharge or flash of any firearm.

(3)	Regulating or prohibiting the use, possession, manufacture or compounding of tear
gas or any other gas which may be used for the purpose of temporarily or permanently
 disabling any human being.

(4)	Any attempt to commit, or any conspiracy to commit, and offense described or
referred to in this section.

(5)	Any person who has been since January 1, 1940 or is hereafter convicted of
or is adjudicated as, a drug addict, as defined by he laws of any state,
shall also be deemed a convicted person.

Provided, further, that in the event any person who is now, or who has been, or who
may hereafter be placed on probation for the committing of any of the above enumerated
offenses whose conviction is set aside in the manner provided by law, shall not be deemed a
convicted person.

Section III.

Within thirty (30) days after the effective date of this Ordinance, every convicted per-
son being or residing within the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, shall register
with, and furnish to the Chief of Police of the said City of Las Vegas, at the office of
the said Chief of Police in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, a statement in
person and in writing signed by such person, giving the following information:

(1)	His true name and all aliases which he has used or under which he is or may have
been known.

(2)	A full and complete description of his person.

(3) The kind, character and nature of each crime of which he has been convicted.

(4)	The place where such crime was, or crimes were, committed and place of con-
viction of the same.

(5)	The anem under which he was convicted in each instance and the date thereof.

(6)	The name, if any, and the location of each prison, reformatory, jail or other
penal institution in which he was confined or to which he was sentenced.

(7)	The location and address of his residence, stopping place, living quarters or
place of abode in the City of Las Vegas; if more than one residence, stopping
place or place of abode, that fact must be stated and the location and address
of each given.

(8) A statement of the kind of residence, stopping place or place of abode in which
he resided, whether the place is temporary or permanent, and whether the same is
a private residence, hotel, apartment, house, or building or structure.