284, 303, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. That a certain document, three (3) copies of which are on file in the office of the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated as "Uniform Building Code, 1949 Edition, Volume Number I,
published January 1, 1949, by Pacific Coast Building Officials Conference," and that a certain document, three (3)
copies of which are on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, being marked and designated
as "Uniform Building Code, 1949 Edition, Volume Number II, published September 1, 1949, by Pacific Coast Building
Officials Conference," be and the same are hereby adopted as the Building Code of the City of Las Vegas for the
regulation of the erection, construction, enlargement, occupancy, equipment, use, height, area and maintenance
of all buildings and/or structures in the City of Las Vegas; Providing penalties for the violation of such
Building Code; declaring and establishing fire districts; and each and all of the regulations, provisions, penal-
ties, conditions and terms of such "Uniform Building Code, 1949 Edition, Volumes I and II, published by Pacific
Coast Building Officials Conference," on file in the office of the City Clerk and hereby referred to, adopted,
amended and made a part hereof as is fully set out in this Ordinance.

Section 2. Certain sections of the Uniform Building Code, 1949 Edition, Volumes I and II, as adopted
by this ordinance are hereby amended, repealed, or added to as follows: namely, to-wit:

CHAPTER 3-PERMITS AND INSPECTIONS

Section 303. (a) Building Permit Fees, is hereby amended to read as follows:

Before a building permit is issued a permit fee therefor shall be paid to the Build-
ing Official as set forth in Table No. 3-A.

Where work for which a permit is required by this Code is started or proceeded with
prior to obtaining said permit, the fees above specified shall be doubled, but the pay-
ment of such double fee shall not relieve any persons from fully complying with the re-
quirements of this Code in the execution of the work nor from any other penalties pre-
scribed herein.

(b) Plan-checking Fees. Before plans and specifications are accepted for checking,
a plan-checking fee in addition to the building permit fee shall be paid to the Building
Official. The Plan-checking fee shall be one half the building permit fee.

EXCEPTIONS: A Plan-checking fee shall not be required for:

1.	Buildings or structures whose total valuation is less than $5,000.00
unless there is a structural problem, which shall then call for the
regular checking fee:

2.	Buildings of stud bearing wall construction with no floor or roof span
in excess of twenty-four feet (24');

3.	Alterations and repairs of a non-structural nature.

CHAPTER 16-RESTRICTIONS IN FIRE ZONES

Restrictions Fire Zone #2.

Section 1603 (a)  GENERAL - is hereby amended to read as follows:

Buildings or structures hereafter erected, constructed, moved within or into Fire Zone
#2, shall be only Type I, II, III, IV construction and shall meet the requirements of this
section.

No building of Type V construction shall be erected, constructed or moved within
Fire Zone #2. or 2.S.

CHAPTER 28 - EXCAVATION. FOUNDATIONS AND RETAINING WALLS.

Section 2805.	(a) Footings and Foundations, is hereby amended to read as follow:

Footings and foundations, except as specifically provided herein shall be constructed
of concrete and shall in all oases extend below the frost line. Footings shall be designed
to minimize differential settlement. Masonry will be permitted in foundation walls, pro-
vided no part of the masonry extends to a depth greater than 4'0" below the finish grade.

(b) Structural Design. Except for special provisions of Section 2807, covering the
design of piles, all portions of footings shall be designed in accordance with the struc-
tural provisions of this Code.

CHAPTER 45 - PERMANENT OCCUPANCY OF PUBLIC PROPERTY

Section 4507. is hereby amended to read as follows:

Doors in Fire Zones Nos. 1, 2 and 3 either fully opened or when opening, shall not
project over the property line.

Section 3. Ordinance #303 and all other ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are
hereby repealed, but it is specifically provided that neither this ordinance nor any repeal hereby provided
shall in any way affect the prosecution for the violation of any ordinance heretofore passed, pending at the
time of the adoption of this ordinance.

Section 4. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and adoption as provided by
Chapter II, Section 30 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this Ordinance No. 421 to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

s/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor