ORDINANCE NO. 206.

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE OPERATION OF MOTOR VEHICLES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS WITH
SHORT LENGTH RADIO RECEIVING SETS; PROVIDING FOR PERMITS; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES BOR THE
VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Definition. A short wave length radio receiving set shall be any radio re-
ceiving set capable of receiving any radio broadcast or message on any frequency above
fifteen hundred (1500) kilocycles.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person to equip or operate, inside of the City
of Las Vegas, any motor vehicle with a short length radio receiving set, unless such motor
vehicle is used by a peace officer or is used by the state or county government, or is
used after permission is first had of the Police Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

No department of the City government shall be authorized to equip or operate an automobile
with a short wave length radio receiving set except the police department of the City of
Las Vegas; and the police department shall only be authorized to equip cars with short
length receiving sets and operate the same when such cars are used in performance of
police or fire prevention work, or emergency cars under the jurisdiction of the police
department.

Section 3. The police commissioner, upon the recommendation of the Chief of Police of
the City of Las Vegas, may issue permits to any person to equip and operate, inside the City
of Las Vegas, a motor vehicle with a short wave length receiving set.

Permits may also be issued to equip with short wave length radio receiving set
motor vehicles which are in the service of the Fire Department.

Any person or department desiring a permit to operate a short wave length radio re-
ceiving set on a motor vehicle, inside the City of Las Vegas, must first make application
to the Police Commissioner in writing, for such permit, stating the name of the applicant,
the license number and the engine number of the motor vehicle which it is desired to equip
with a short wave length receiving set, and also state the reason why such permit is desired.

Permits shall not be transferable, and it shall be unlawful for any person who has a
received a permit to equip or operate a motor vehicle with a short wave length receiving
set to place such short wave length radio receiving set in any vehicle other than the
vehicle mentioned in his application to the Police Commissioner.

Section 4. It shall be unlawful for any person to wilfully make to the police depart-
ment of the City of Las Vegas any false, misleading, or unfounded report, for the purpose
of interfering with the operation if the police department or with the intention of mis-
leading any police officer of the City of Las Vegas, dr to in any way wilfully interfere
with the operation of the short wave length radio receiving sets of the police department
of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 5. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punishable by a fine of not
more than Three Hundred Dollars ($300.00) or by imprisonment in the City Jail of Las Vegas
for a period of not to exceed one hundred fifty (150) days, or by both such fine and im-
prisonment.

Section 6. This ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and pub-
lication; and this ordinance is passed as an emergency ordinance.

Section 7. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas,
for a period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a recessed
regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the 7th
day of March, 1934: and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon the second reading on
said last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German,
and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Approved this 7th day of March, 1934.

E.W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

STATE OF NEVADA )
bounty of Clark ) ss

C.P. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Publisher of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 206
was published in said newspaper for a period of Two Weeks from March 9, 1934 to March 16,

1934 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

March 9 and 16, 1934.