Section 3. The following schedule of rates for service rendered by or through said system is hereby
established:

SEWER RATES (Monthly)

SCHEDULE A; One-family residence on dollar ($1.00) per month.

SCHEDULE B: Two-family residence one dollar and forty cents ($1.40) per month.

SCHEDULE C: (Motels) up to and including four (4) units eighty cents ($.80) each unit, all units
over four (4) and up to and including seven (7) units, twenty-five ($.25) each additional unit, all units
over seven (7), fifteen cents ($.15) each additional unit.

SCHEDULE D: Multiple Dwellings, up to and including four (4) units, seventy cents ($.70) each
unit per month. All units over four (4) and up to and including seven (7) units twenty cents ($.20) each
additional unit; all units over seven ten cents ($.10) each additional unit.

SCHEDULE E: For commercial and industrial businesses, the monthly charge to be paid by these
users of the sewer service furnished by the Municipal Sewer System shall be as follows:

(a) For the first two fixtures a monthly charge of One Dollar ($1.00) per month.

(b) For all fixtures over two, up to and including twelve (12 additional fixtures a charge of
 ten cents each ($.10) for each additional fixture per month.

(c)	For all fixtures over twelve (12), there shall be an additional charge of three cents ($.03)
for each additional fixture per month.

(d)	In addition to the above commercial rates there shall be charged for each commercial wash
rack, the sum of seventy-five cents ($.75) per month.

(e)	In addition to the above commercial rates there shall be charged for each commercial dish
washing machine an additional charge of one dollar ($1.00) per month.

In addition to the above commercial rates there shall be charged for each floor drain an addi-
tional charge of seventy-five cents ($.75) per month.

The City Engineer and the City Manager are hereby authorized and directed to establish the charge
for any use of the municipal sewage disposal system not covered by the above schedule. The above schedule
of rates shall be effective upon the publication and final passage of this Ordinance, said publication to
be made immediately following the first reading and approval of this Ordinance. The City covenants and
agrees that while any of said bonds are outstanding, it will from time to time revise and adjust said
schedule of rates to the end that the revenue and income derived from the operation of the system will be
sufficient to pay all operating and maintenance charges and both the principal of and the interest on the
bonds authorized by Ordinance No. 353, duly adopted the 23rd day of April, 1948, as amended and supple-
mented. The City further covenants that no free service shall be furnished by the system provided, how-
 ever, that no charge will be made to the United States of America, the State of Nevada, the County of Clark
or any charitable institution for the direct use by it of said system.

Section 4. All bills for services rendered by Or through said system shall be rendered quarterly
on the first days of January, April, July and October of each year. In the event said bills are not paid
in full within twenty days after the date when rendered, service shall be discontinued and thereafter no
sewer connection which has been disconnected for the non-payment of charges shall again be reconnected for
the same user until all costs incurred in the actual physical disconnection and reconnection have been paid
to the City of Las Vegas. Payment of all bills rendered shall be made into the City Treasury and such bills
may be paid annually in advance and provided further that no license shall be granted for the conducting of
any business requiring a city license in any multiple dwelling or place of business unless the quarterly
charge for sewer service is paid in advance.

Section 5. The sewage disposal system shall be operated for the purposes of this ordinance upon a
fiscal year basis commencing on the first day of October in each year and ending on the thirtieth day of
September of the succeeding year.

There is hereby created a special fund to be known as the "Sewage Disposal System Fund" into which
there shall be paid from time to time after the adoption of this ordinance all revenues derived from the
operation of the sewer system. So long as any of the bonds authorized by Ordinance No. 353, duly adopted
the 23rd day of April, 1948, as amended and supplemented shall be outstanding, either as to principal or
 interest, the Sewage Disposal System Fund shall be administered as follows:

(1)	Before any monies in such fund are used for any other purpose, all reasonable expenses
of maintaining and operating the system for such month shall be paid from such fund.

(2)	Into an account in the office of the Treasurer to be kept separate from all other
accounts and to be known as the "Sewage Disposal Bond Fund Series May 1, 1948" (herein
referred to as the "Bond Fund") the amounts following:

(a)	Quarterly during the fiscal year commencing October 1st, 1948 one-half
of the amount necessary to meet the next maturing installment of interest on
the bonds authorized by said ordinance.

(b)	Quarterly during the fiscal year commencing October 1st, 1948 and quar-
terly during each fiscal year thereafter so long as any of the bonds hereby
authorized are outstanding one-fourth of the next maturing installment of
principal falling due on said bonds.

(3)	Any surplus remaining in said Sewage Disposal System Fund in excess of the amount
necessary to meet the provisions of Subsections (1) and (2) of this Section 5 shall be
applied as follows:

(a)	In making such extensions and improvements of the municipal sewage
disposal system or additions thereto as the Board of Commissioners from
year to year considers advisable.