original containers as received from the distiller or wholesaler, not to be
consumed on the premises, in quantities not exceeding four and nine-tenths
(4.9) gallons to the same person or for the same persons use at any one time,
the sum of $125.00 per quarter;

(10)	For a Retail Beverage license for the sale of beverages containing not more
than five and one-half (5½%) of alcohol by weight, the sum of $25.00 per
quarter;

(11)	For a Retail Beverage license for the sale of beverages containing not more
than thirty per cent (30%) of alcohol by weight to be sold or distributed in
the original containers as received from the distiller or wholesaler, not

to be consumed on the premises, the sum of $45.00 per quarter.

Section 6. Section 17 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
amended to read as follows:

No license for the conduct of a tavern shall be granted to any drug store,
merchandise store, or any place in which any other kind of business is maintained
or connected; and such said taverns shall be located within the zone defined in
Section 4 hereof; provided, however, that Hotels, as defined herein, may be allowed a
tavern license outside said zone if approved by the Board of Commissioners, and provided
further that any such tavern maintained by a Hotel shall be separate and distinct and
apart from any other business or businesses.

Section 7. Section 18 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
amended to read as follows;

It shall be unlawful:

1. For the holder of any permit or license to sell, serve, give away or dispose
of any liquor to any minor or minors;

2. For the holder of any permit or license to sell, serve, or give away food in
any tavern, or to conduct any other kind of business therein, except as provided
in Section 2, Subdivision 10 of this ordinance; or to allow any closed booths in
said place, more than four feet high.

3. For any gambling or gambling games of any kind, save and except duly
licensed slot machines, to be conducted, carried on, suffered, or allowed in or
about the premises occupied by any tavern; and no tavern shall be connected with
or have openings into any place where gambling or gaming in any form, save and
except duly licensed slot machines, is allowed, carried on or conducted.

For the licensee or any of his servants or employees to be in an intoxicated
condition while in or about the premises or business occupied by a tavern.

5. For any licensee or his servants or employees to sell, serve, or give away
any intoxicating liquor to any intoxicated person.

6. For a permittee or licensee to sell, serve, give away or distribute any of
the liquors or beverages in this ordinance mentioned within four hundred (400) feet
of any schoolhouse or place wherein school is conducted.

Section 8. Section 21 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended

to read as follows:

No permit granted or license issued under this ordinance can be assigned,
except with the approval of the Board of Commissioners.

Section 9. Section 22 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby repealed.
Section 10. Section 23 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended
to read as follows:

Whenever any person shall complain to the Board of City Commissioners that his or
her father, mother, husband, wife, child, brother, sister, or ward is addicted to the
excessive use of alcoholic liquor, or is an habitual or common drunkard, or who fails
to provide for his family the common necessaries of life, and shall request said
Board of City Commissioners, in writing, to notify liquor permittees or licensees in
said City not to sell, serve or give away any liquors to such father, mother, husband,
wife, child, brother, sister or ward, such Board of City Commissioners, on being
satisfied that the complaint is true, shall forthwith notify in writing every permittee
and licensee in said City that such request has been made; and thereafter it shall be
unlawful for such permittee or licensee to sell, serve, or give away any intoxicating
liquor to such father, mother, husband, wife, child, brother, sister or ward, provided
that upon the written request of the party making the complaint, this ban may be raised
and the permittees and licensees shall thereupon be advised of the action of the Board
of Commissioners. The Board of Commissioners, upon investigation into the facts, may
upon their own motion, raise such ban, when in their judgment the facts warrant such
action.

Station 11. Whereas an emergency exists, this ordinance shall take effect immediately
after its publication and passage.

Section 12. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say once each week for a period of two
weeks.

 L. L. ARNETT___________

Mayor

Attest:	Viola Burns

City Clerk