Sec. 10. STIFF BRACES. When conditions are such that side guys cannot be attached to both
sides of a sign, "stiff brace" constructed of not less than 3/4" steel pipe or rod must
be substituted for one of the side guys.

Sec 11. (a) Method of attaching supporting cables and side guys. The supporting cables
shall be securely fastened to the sign and to all metal brackets, plate-eyes, or turn
buckles. For signs of 250 pounds or less, the supporting cables shall be securely fastened
to the building by metal brackets or plate-eyes, attached by not less than three ½" X 3½" lag

screws for each cable or guy, and hot less than 3" hole centers. Not less than two 1/2 "

X 3½* screws shall be used for attaching each side guy to the building and not less than
3" hole centers.

For signs weighing more than 250 pounds, the brackets for supporting cables, shall be
securely attached by not less than four ½" X 3½" lag screws. Wood plugs shall not be used in
lieu of approved expansion shields or similar approved devices.

When to or more supporting or guy cables are used, each shall be securely fastened to the
sign and to the building by independent plates.

Turn-buckles shall be inserted in each supporting cable and guy cable. Turn-buckels attached
to supporting cables shall be not less then 1/8" larger in diameter than the diameter of
the cable to which they are attached.

Turn-buckles attached to side guys may be of the same diameter as the cable to which they
are attached.

Turn-buckles attached to side guys may be of the same diameter as the diameter of he
cable to which they are attached.

Turn-buckles and cablehooks must be closed eye type.

(b) All supporting cables shall be installed at an angle of not less than 45 degrees from
outer end of horizontal signs, to the face of the building to which they are attached.

Where this angle of the supporting cable would extend above the parapet wall or roof, an
angle iron not less than ¼ X 1½" shall be securely bolted to the inside of the parapet wall
in a vertical position and the supporting cable fastened to the top of the angle iron at
the same angle. Top end of angle iron shall be securely fastened with two side guy cables
on each side, and one supporting cable or angle iron brace, extending back to and securely
fastened to the roof at an angle equal to the angle of the supporting cable in front.

(C) No sign or any portion thereof shall be anchored to or supported by any fire escape
or stand pipe, or be erected so as to obstruct or prevent the free ingress or egress, from
nay window, door or fire escape.

(d) No sign shall be placed on top or suspended from bottom of another sigh over public
property. The lowest part of any sign shall be not less than 8½ feet from the top of the
side walk grade. No sign shall extend over the outside edge of the curb. All signs except
parallel shall be so placed as to be 90 degrees to the property line, and on corners
they may be so placed as to made the same angle with both streets.

Sec. 12 _ PERMITS (a) All electric signs installed in the City of Las Vegas must be approved
by the Underwriters Laboratories and so labeled, or approved by the City Electrical Inspector.
All permits must be approved by both the Building and Electrical Inspector, and each such
sign shall be arranged for such inspection in an accessible location in order that a thorough
examination can be made, before erection or suspension.

No sign shall be installed between the hours of five P.M. and eight A.M. unless special
permission has been granted.

(b)	No sign shall be started, placed or rebuilt or increased in size without first obtaining
a permit to do so. In making application for permit, sufficient drawings and specifications
shall be submitted to the Building Inspector for checking and approval. Acceptance must

be had both from the Building and Electrical Inspector before sign is erected.

(c)	If work authorized to be done under a sign permit is not begun within sixty (60) days
from the date of issuance, such permit becomes null and void and the fee paid therefore by
applicant is forfeited so that is a sign is thereafter erected, an additional sign permit
shall be secured and an additional fee paid therefor, in accordance with the provisions of
this ordinance before work is recommenced.

(d)	The issuance or granting of a sign permit shall not prevent the Building Inspector or
Electrical Inspector from requiring the correction of errors, and the Building Inspector
or electrical Inspector is hereby authorized to stop any sign or any violation of this
ordinance or any other ordinances An the City of Las Vegas.

Sec. 13. CONSTRUCTION (a) Devices or products which comply with these requirements will not
necessarily be acceptable if they have other features which, when examined and tested, are
found to impair the result contemplated by these requirements.

(c) No series switches, flashers, or animators shall be installed in the high voltage or s
secondary circuit. Condensers of proper capacity shall be installed in the primary circuits
of all signs using flashers, animators or spellers. All signs shall be so constructed that
the same shall not cause any radio interference whatsoever.

Sec. 14. PROTECTION OF PUBLIC (a) No person shall erect or install any sign which projects
over or above any public property in any business district, not fo any preparatory work
preliminary to the erection or installation of such sign work unless a suitable barricade
of heavy rope attached to movable trestles or standards, or a board fence not less than four
(4) feet in height is erected and maintained to keep pedestrian or other traffic from
underneath such sign for a distance of not less than twenty (20) feet on all sides of the
sign during the period in which the work is being performed; provided further, that between
sunset and sunrise, in addition to the barricade herein required, there shall be installed
and kept burning not less than two lighted red lanterns if such work to be performed at night