-

ORDINANCE NO. 377

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING SPECIAL POLICE OFFICERS AND PRIVATE PATROLS; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS AND
COMMISSIONS FOR THE SAME; PROHIBITING THE WEARING OF BADGES AND EMBLEMS EXCEPT BY DULY COMMISSIONED PEACE OF-
FICERS; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDINANCE; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES
OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. For the purposes of this ordinance, the following words and phrases are defined, and shall
be construed as hereinafter set out, unless it shall be apparent from the context that they have a different
meaning:

(a)	"Board" shall mean the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

(b)	"Official Police Officer's Badge" shall mean a badge of the size, type and design as used by the
regular police force of the City of Las Vegas.

(c)	"Private Patrol" shall mean any person carrying on the business or occupation of night watchman,
night watch service, private policeman or any other occupation the purpose of which is to afford additional
police or fire protection for hire or reward.

(d)	"Special	Police	Officer's Badge" shall mean a badge of the size, type and design as designated

by the	Chief	of Police	of the	City of Las Vegas for the use of persons commissioned by the Chief of Police to

act as Special Police Officers as hereinafter provided. Such badge shall have enameled on the face thereof
"Special" in addition to any other words or device and shall so differ in shape and design from the official
police officers' badge as to be, when displayed or worn, readily distinguishable therefrom. All such badges
shall be consecutively numbered and the number shall appear on the face of each such badge.

(e)	"Special	Police	Officer" shall include any individual acting as a peace officer or a member of

a private patrol, club	guard,	bank guard, or an owner of a private patrol who actively engages in policing

duties, night watchman, other than a regular police officer of the City of Las Vegas.

(f)	"Regular Police Officers" shall mean all regular police officer members of the Police Depart-

ment of the City and sworn in as provided by law to perform the duties of peace officer and not retired from
active	duty, suspended or discharged;	under whatever designation	they may	be elsewhere described.

Section 2. Every person	who	shall seek a commission to	act as a	Special Police Officer shall make

application to the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas on regulation forms as prescribed by the Chief
of Police, which application must contain the following:

(a)	The name and address of the person to whom the commission is to be issued.

(b)	The duties of the person who required the issuance of said commission.

(c)	A description, two passport size photos, signature and fingerprint of the person to whom the
commission is to be issued;

(d)	The name and address and signed request of the employer of the applicant showing the necessity
for the issuance of said commission.

The Chief of Police must	first satisfy himself that the	granting	of said commission will	be	conducive

to	the	public welfare and safety,	and	for this purpose the Chief	of Police may consider any facts	or	evidence

bearing on the moral fitness and reputation of those seeking said commission, and any other facts or evidence
tending to enlighten said Chief of Police in this respect.

Section 3. Private patrols may be established upon proper application to the Chief of Police under
the following conditions:

(a)	PERMIT REQUIRED. No person shall manage, conduct or carry on the business of a private patrol,
unless under and by authority of a written permit from the Chief of Police, and upon payment of any fees as

 prescribed by this ordinance or any other ordinance of the City of Las Vegas.

(b)	APPLICATION FOR PERMIT. Permits required by the preceding subsection may be issued by said Chief
of Police upon the written application of any person, provided, that the Chief of Police must first satisfy
himself that the management, conduct and carrying on of such private patrol will be conducive to the public
welfare and safety, and for this purpose the Chief of Police may consider any facts or evidence bearing on

the moral fitness and reputation of those who will be in charge of said private patrol, and any other facts
or evidence tending to enlighten said Chief of Police in this respect. Said application for a permit must
contain the following:

(1)	The name and address of the person to whom the permit is to be issued.

(2)	The duties of the person who required the issuance of said permit.

(3)	A description, two passport size photos, signature and fingerprint of the person to whom the
permit is to be issued.

(c)	PERMIT SUSPENSION. Any permit to manage, conduct or carry on a private patrol may be temporarily
suspended by a written order signed by the Chief of Police.

(d) REVOCATION OF PERMITS. When the Chief of Police shall have issued any permit under the terms
of subsection (b) hereof, the same may be revoked at any time thereafter by said Chief of Police, if the said
Chief of Police becomes satisfied that the management, conducting or carrying on of such private patrol does
not or will not be conducive to the public welfare and safety for any reason, or that said private patrol
has been conducted in an illegal or improper manner. The Chief of Police may make rules governing the man-
agement, conducting or carrying on of private patrols, and may revoke or suspend permits issued for the
management or carrying on of any such occupation when the manager or person in charge thereof violates or