Vegas known as Biltmore Addition, Biltmore Addition Annex No. 1, and Biltmore Addition Annex
No. 2.

Section 2. The cost and expense of making the improvements described in Section 1 of
this Ordinance shall be paid by special assessment to be made according to benefits upon
the taxable lots and premises situate in the special assessment districts hereby created
and composed of the following lands:

All the taxable lots and premises included within and constituting the subdivision known
as Biltmore Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown on a plat thereof on file in
the office of the Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 2 of plats, on Page 33,

All the taxable lots and premises included within and constituting the subdivision known
as Biltmore Addition Annex No. 1 to Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown on a plat thereof on file in
the office of the Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 2 of Flats, on Page 40.

All the taxable lots and premises included within and constituting the subdivision known
as Biltmore Addition Annex No. 2, to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown on a plat thereof
on file in the office of the Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 2 of Plats, on Page 46,

That certain parcel of land contiguous to the Biltmore Addition to the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, and fronting on the southerly side of Bonanza Road from the easterly line of North
Main Street to the westerly line of Biltmore Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,

except where by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required
to be paid from the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall keep the plats, diagrams and
estimates of costs, on file in her office for public inspection, and the Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall give notice thereof and of the proposed
improvements, of the location thereof, and of the district to be assessed, by publication
for two weeks, that is to say, once a week for two successive weeks, that is to say, once a
week for two successive weeks, in the Las Vegas Evening-Review Journal, a daily newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas, by posting notices of the same in at least three public
places near the site of the proposed improvements. The notices shall also state the time
when the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will meet and consider any
suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed
improvements.

Section 4. This Ordinance shall be in force and effect upon its publication, as in
the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas shall cause this Ordinance No. 318 to be published once a week for two successive
weeks, immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening-
Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.