deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished as pro-
vided herein.

Section 14. All persons owning or haying under their control vicious or
dangerous animals or female dogs in heat shall keep same securely inclosed. It
shall be the duty of the poundmaster to take up and carry away and impound all vicious
and dangerous animals and female dogs in heat not securely inclosed.

Section 15. The poundmaster shall keep all dogs taken up by him for
three days thereafter, and if redeemed, shall charge and receive in addition to
the registration fee, if not already paid, and all other fees and charges herein
provided for, one dollar for each dog, provided, however, that he may charge five
dollars for the redemption of a vicious or dangerous dog, or female dog in heat, the
first time such dog is taken up, and twenty-five dollars for each and every time
thereafter that such dog is taken up. If such dog be not redeemed within three days,
he shall dispose of it by sale in the manner and upon notice as provided in Sections
9 and 10 hereof, or by gift, or by destroying it, provided, however, that vicious
and dangerous dogs, and dogs unfit for further use or dangerous to be kept impounded
by reason of age, disease or other infirmity, may be destroyed at any time after
twenty-four (24) hours upon examination and recommendation in writing of the City
Health Officer or any responsible Veterinary Surgeon. After such examination and
recommendation such dog shall be destroyed and buried by the poundmaster, but no
charge for the examination and destruction, or for the burial of any dog shall be
made against the City of Las Vegas.

Section 16. All moneys collected under the provisions of this ordinance
by the poundmaster and the license fee collector shall be paid by them unto the
treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, together with a statement covering the said col-
lection, taking the treasurer's receipt therefor.

Section 17. The actual reasonable operating cost of the public pound by
the poundmaster, shall be a proper charge against the general fund of the City of
Las Vegas.

Section 18. Monthly reports of the poundmaster showing the amounts
collected, the amounts expended, the work performed and general report of the
poundmaster shall be furnished by said poundmaster in writing to the City Manager
not later than the tenth day of each month.

Section 19. The poundmaster for the purpose of carrying out the provisions
of this ordinance shall be appointed by and serve at the pleasure of the City
Manager of the City of Las Vegas, and shall receive such salary or compensation
as may be fixed and determined by the Board of Commissioners from time to time.

He shall, before entering upon the duties of his office, execute a bond payable
to the City of Las Vegas in such amount and form as the Board of Commissioners
may determine, with good and sufficient sureties, to be approved by the Board of
Commissioners, conditioned for the faithful discharge of his duties.

Section 20. Any person owning, possessing, or having the care, custody
and control of a dog or dogs who wilfully refuses, fails or neglects to furnish to
said poundmaster or license fee collector the required information necessary to
properly register said dog or dogs in the Dog Register Book, as provided herein,
or who wilfully fails, refuses or neglects to cause said dog or dogs to be registered
and pay said registration fee at the time and in the manner herein provided, or
who wilfully fails, refuses or neglects to perform any act or pay any other fee or
charge required by this ordinance to be performed or paid, and any person who shall
wilfully resist, interfere with or prevent the poundmaster or any of his assistants
in the exercise of their duties, or who wilfully violates any of the provisions of
this ordinance, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof
shall be punished, except as herein otherwise provided, by a fine of not less than
Five Dollars ($5.00) nor more than One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) or by imprison-
ment in the City jail for not less than five (5) days nor more than fifty (50)
days, or by both such fine and imprisonment, and the payment of any fees and charges
provided for in this ordinance due and remaining unpaid.

Section 21. Whenever any animal, excepting dogs, is taken up for im-
pounding, which by reason of age, disease or other infirmity is unfit for further
use or dangerous to be kept impounded, the poundmaster shall within twenty-four
(24) hours thereafter destroy such animal, upon the examination and recommendation
in writing of the City Health Officer, or any responsible Veterinary Surgeon,
but no charge for such examination and destruction, or for the burial of said
animal shall be made against the City of Las Vegas.

Section 22. It shall be the duty of the poundmaster upon the request
of any owner or possessor of any dead animal, to forthwith bury or destroy the
same, in such manner as the Health Officer may prescribe and, in the case of
dead dogs or cats, only after examination by the Health Officer where there is no
record in his department that such dog or cat has been previously vaccinated as
in Section 25 hereof provided, for which services the poundmaster shall charge and
collect the following fees:

For burying or destroying horses, oxen,

bulls, or cows, per	head	$5.00

For burying or destroying jacks, mules

steer or colts, per	head	$5.00

For burying sheep, goats or calves,

per head	$2.50

For burying dogs, cats, or other

animals not enumerated, each	$1.50