able that no portion of said cost and expense be borne by the City from its general funds; and

WHEREAS, at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the 11th
day of October, 1950, upon motion of Commissioner Moore and duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and unan-
imously carried, a resolution was adopted and approved directing the City Engineer to make estimates of the
expense thereof and plats, diagrams and plans of work and of the locality to be improved, and to file such
estimates, plats, diagrams and plans with the City Clerk for public examination, and

WHEREAS, on the 18th day of October, 1950, said estimates, plats, diagrams and plans were so filed.

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, does hereby declare its
determination to make certain public improvements by installing a sanitary sewer along certain streets,
easements, alleys and portions thereof, to create a special assessment district therefor, and to defray the
entire cost and expense by special assessments made according to frontage against the owners and upon the
assessable lots and premises specially benefited by such improvements and included within said district.

Section 2. That the Board proposes to make said improvements by installing a sanitary sewer in and along
certain streets, easements, alleys and portions thereof, said sewer to be composed of eight inch vitrified
clay pipe, together with such appurtenances as may be required, as is more particularly shown by the plats,
diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved, now on file in the office of the City Clerk of
the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the streets, easements, alleys and portions thereof, in and along which the Board pro-
poses to install eight inch vitrified clay pipe, are the following:

In alley between Walnut Avenue and Mesquite Avenue
from a point 70 feet east of the east property line
of Bruce Avenue to 19th Street; in alley between
Mesquite Avenue and Cedar Avenue from a point 70 feet
east of the east property line of Bruce Avenue to 21st
Street; in alley between Poplar Avenue and Elm Avenue
from a point 70 feet east of the east property line of
Bruce Avenue to 21st Street; in alley between Elm Avenue
and Marlin Avenue from a point 70 feet east of the east
property line of Bruce Avenue to 21st Street; in alley
between Stewart Avenue and Marlin Avenue from Bruce
Avenue to existing line 80.5 feet west of center line
of 23rd Street; On Ash Avenue from a point 87 feet east
of the center line from 21st Street to 23rd Street; on
Marlin Avenue from Bruce Street 195 feet west; in alley
between 14th Street and 15th Street from Ogden Avenue
207 feet north; in easement between 14th Street and 15th
Street from a point 125 feet south of the center line of
Marlin Avenue to a point 125 feet north of the center
line of Stewart Avenue, then easterly to 15th Street;
in alley between 12th Street and 13th Streets from
Stewart Street 145 feet north.

Section 4. That the special assessment district which it is proposed to create shall be designated
Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District Ho. 200-1 and it shall include all the lots, premises and pro-
perty to the full depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said streets, easements, alleys and
portions thereof.

Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to
be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, on file in her office for public inspection
and examination.

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the City Hall in said City on
Wednesday the 15th day of November, 1950, at the hour of 3:30 o'clock, P.M., to hear and consider any sugges-
tions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters
relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements or any matters relating thereto, may be filed
in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, diagrams,
and plans with the City Clerk for examination, of the proposed improvement or work, of the location of the
improvement, of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any sug-
gestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements. Said notice
shall be given by publication for at least two weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper
published in said City of Las Vegas every day each week except Saturday, by fourteen insertions therein, and
at least fifteen days prior to said meeting by posting said notices in at least three public places in each
ward and also by posting said notice in or near said post office of said City and by posting notices in three
public places near the site of said proposed work. Said notice shall be in substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF DETERMINATION AND INTENTION TO INSTALL A SANITARY SEWER SYSTEM ALONG CERTAIN STREETS, EASE-
MENTS, ALLEYS AND PORTIONS THEREOF; TO CREATE SANITARY SEWER ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 200-1, AND TO DEFRAY
THE ENTIRE COST BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS, AND OF THE HEARING THEREFOR.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 25th, 1950, the Board of Commissioners and Mayor of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved an ordinance declaring the Board's determination to make certain
public improvements by installing a sewer system along certain streets, easements, alleys and portions thereof,
composed of eight inch vitrified clay pipe, together with such appurtenances as may be required, to create a
special assessment district designated Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-1 therefor,
and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments made according to frontage against
the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements and included
within said district.

The streets, easements, alleys and portions thereof along which an eight inch vitrified clay pipe in-
stallation is so proposed, are:

In alley between Walnut Avenue and Mesquite Avenue
from a point 70 feet east of the east property line
of Bruce Avenue to 19th Street; in alley between