(b)	Prior to May 1, 1953 to the purchase in the open market of bonds authorized
by said ordinance at the best price obtainable, which bonds shall thereupon be
cancelled, and secondly in the event the City is unable to purchase bonds in
the open market at a fair price to the purchase of securities which are direct
obligations of the United States of America, such securities and the interest
accruing thereon to be and constitute a part of the Bond Fund.

(c)	On and after May 1, 1953 to the purchase in the open market of bonds au-
thorized by said ordinance at the best price obtainable at less than the call

price, which bonds shall thereupon be cancelled or in the event the City is
unable to purchase bonds in the open market at less than the call price then
to the redemption of bonds authorized by said ordinance as amended and sup-
plemented, in the manner and to the extent therein provided.

Section 6. That this ordinance shall constitute a contract for the benefit of the holder or
holders from time to time of the bonds authorized to be issued under Ordinance No. 353 duly adopted the
23rd day of April, 1948, as amended and supplemented.

Section 7. That the Board of Commissioners has caused a survey to be made of sanitary conditions
within the City of Las Vegas, including the geological aspects in relation to industrial, business and
residential establishments as the same affect the health and welfare of the inhabitants of the City and
has determined and does hereby determine that it is necessary for the protection of the public health that
owners of improved property within the City of Las Vegas be and they are hereby required to connect their
industrial, business and residential establishments to the municipal sewage disposal system, provided
only that such establishments are capable of being served by and through said system at the established
rates, and it shall be unlawful for any such owner to fail or refuse to connect his establishment to the
municipal sewage disposal system. Every violation of the requirement of this section shall constitute a
misdemeanor and, upon conviction thereof, shall be punishable by a fine not to exceed Five Hundred Dollars
($500.00) or by imprisonment in the City Jail not to exceed six (6) months, or by both such find and im-
prisonment, and each day such violation continues to exist shall constitute a separate offense.

Section 8. That so long as any of the bonds authorized by Ordinance No. 353, duly adopted the
23rd day of April, 1948, as amended and supplemented, are outstanding, the City will not mortgage, pledge
or otherwise encumber the system or any part thereof, shall not lease, sell or otherwise dispose of any
substantial portion of the system and shall not issue any obligations for the payment of which the net
revenues of the system are pledged.

Section 9. That is any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall
for any reason be questioned or held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the
remaining provisions of this ordinance, or the provisions of Ordinance No. 353, duly adopted the 23rd day
of April, 1948, as amended and supplemented, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sec-
tions, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional or invalid, and the inapplic-
ability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance in any one or more in-
stances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance or of
said Ordinance No. 353 in any other instances.

Section 10. That all ordinances or parts of ordinances inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed
to the extent only of such inconsistency. This repealer shall not be construed to revive any ordinance
or part of any ordinance heretofore repealed.

Section 11. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the
next section provided, and final passage.

Section 12. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin_____________

Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Cleric

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City
Commissioners on the 20th day of August, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Com-
missioners Clark and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on
said Ordinance on the 27th day of August, 1948, which was the next special meeting of said Board of
City Commissioners; that at said special meeting held on the 27th day of August, 1948, the proposed
ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and approved by the
following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners
for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 8th day of September, 1948 and passed
by the following vote: