occupants of the main building. Where a substantial part of the wall of an accessory building is a part of
the wall of the main building in a substantial manner by a roof, such accessory building shall be counted as a
part of the main building.

BUILDING, HEIGHT OF:

The vertical distance from the grade to the ceiling of the topmost story.

BUILDING, MAIN:

A building devoted to the principle use of the lot on which it is situated. In any residential or suburban
district the dwelling shall be deemed to be a main building on the lot on which the same is situated.

BUILDING LINE:

A line between which, and any street line of a district, lot, tract or parcel of land, no buildings or parts
of buildings may be erected, altered or maintained, except as specified in Section VI of this Ordinance.

BUILDING LINE SET-BACK:

The distance between the building line and the street line in a district, lot, tract, or parcel of land.
BUILDING SITE:

The ground area of a building or buildings, together with all open spaces adjacent thereto as required by this
Ordinance.

BUNGALOW COURT:

A group of three (3) or more detached one (1) family dwellings located upon a single lot under one ownership,
together with all open space as required by this Ordinance and arranged around a court which opens onto an
officially approved street or place, having a separate outside entrance on the ground floor level for each
family unit and used for non-transient living accommodations.

BUSINESS:

(See Commerce)

CELLAR:

A story having more than one-half (½) of its height below the average level of the adjoining ground. A cel-
lar shall not be counted as a story for purposes of height measurement.

CLUB, PRIVATE:

An association of persons, whether incorporated or not incorporated, for the promotion of some common objec-
tive (but not including associations organized for any commercial or any business purpose, the object of which
is money profit) owning, hiring, or leasing a building or space in a building, of such extent and character
as may be suitable and adequate for the reasonable and comfortable use and accommodation of its members and
their guests.

CLINIC:

A building or institution of professional offices for the administration to persons (but not for the housing
thereof) of professional, medical or dental practice.

COMMERCE:

The purchase, sale, or other transaction involving the handling or disposition (other than is included in the
term "industry", as defined herein) of any article, substance or commodity for profit or livelihood, including
in addition, automobile courts, garages, office buildings, offices, outdoor advertising provided the same is
affixed to a billboard, advertising structure and/or otherwise in accordance with the requirements of this
ordinance, and outdoor advertising structures, recreational and amusement enterprises (except dance halls)
conducted for profit, and shops for the sale of personal services, but not including dumps and junk yards.

COMMERCIAL FEED YARD:

A tract of land improved with carrals, fences, building, or other improvements and used primarily for the feed-
ing and fattening of livestock for subsequent sale or dairying. (This includes feeding for garbage disposal.)

COURT:

An open unoccupied space other than a yard on the same lot with a building and bounded on two (2) or more
sides by such building.

COURT APARTMENT:

One (l), two (2), or three (3) apartment houses arranged around three (3) sides of a court which opens onto an
officially approved street or place.

DISTRICT:

A portion of the incorporated territory of the City of Las Vegas within which certain uses of land and build-
ings are permitted and certain other uses of land and buildings are not permitted and within which certain
yards and other open spaces are required and certain building site areas are established and certain height
limits are established for buildings and structures and for other purposes, all as set forth and specified
in this ordinance.

The term "R" district shall mean any R—A, R-E, R-1, R-2, R—3, or R-4 district. The term "C" district shall
mean any C-1, C-2, or C-S district. The term "M" district shall mean any M-1, or M-2 district.