ceeding 150 feet:	all frontage on Fifth Street from the south City

Limits to the north City Limits to a depth not exceeding 150 feet; all lots
fronting on First Street from Bridger Street to Stewart Street; all lots
fronting oh Second Street from Stewart Street to Clark Street; all lots
fronting on Third Street from Stewart Street to Bridger Street; all lots
fronting on Fourth Street from Stewart Street to Bridger Street; all lots
fronting on Main Street from Carson Street to Clark Avenue, extended; all
lots fronting on Clark Avenue and Wilson Avenue in the Original Townsite.

Section 2. Section 3 of Ordinance No. 168 of the City of Las Vegas ( as
amended ) is hereby amended to read as follows:

That the industrial districts are hereby created and established
within the said City as described as follows;

All that portion of the City of Las Vegas west of the following
described line, namely; commencing at a point on South Fifth Street where
the said Street is intersected by the center line of the alley between
South First Street and South Second Street, extended, thence in a northerly
direction along said line until it intersects Charleston Boulevard; thence
in a northeasterly direction along the center line of the alley between
First Street and Second Street to the center line of Garces Street; thence
westerly along the center line of Garces Street to a point where it inter-
sects the center line of the alley between Main Street and First Street;
thence in a northeasterly direction along the center line of the alley
between Main Street and First Street, until it intersects the center line
of Carson Street; thence westerly along the center line of Carson Street
until it intersects the center line of Main Street; thence in a northeasterly
direction along the center line of Main Street until it intersects the cen-
ter line of Clark Avenue, extended; thence in a westerly direction to the
south east corner of the Original Townsite; thence in a northerly direction
along the center line of First Street West, extended, and along the center
line of First Street West to the North City Limits, ( except the Original
Townsite; H.F.M. & M. Addition; Valley View Addition; Woodland Park: the
North Half (N½) of the South Half (S.½) of Section Twenty Eight (28), the
North Half (N.½) of the Southeast Quarter (S.E.¼) of Section Twenty Nine
(29). the East Half (E.½) of Southeast Quarter (SE¼) of Southeast Quarter
(SE¼) of Section Thirty-two (32), the South Half (S.½) of Southwest Quarter
(SW¼) of Section Thirty-three (33), in Township Twenty (20) South, Range
Sixty-one (61) East, M.D.B. & M.; and the North Half (N.½) of the North
Half (N½) of the Northwest Quarter (NW¼) of Section Four (4), in Township
Twenty-one (21) South, Range Sixty-one (61) East, M.D.B. & M. All land
within the following described line shall also be within the industrial
district, namely: Commencing at a point in the North City Limits where the
same is intersected by the center line of First Street West, thence eastern
ly along said North City Limits to its intersection with the center line of
North Fifth Street; thence southerly along the center line of North Fifth
Street to the point where North Fifth Street is intersected by the center
line of Clark Avenue, extended; thence westerly along said center line of
Clark Avenue, extended, to the southeast corner of the Original Townsite;
thence in a northerly direction along the center line of First Street West,
extended, and along the center line of First Street West to the North City
Limits, the point of beginning.

Section 3. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks,
that is to say, once each week for a period of two weeks.

L. L. Arnett
Mayor

City Clerk

( City Seal )

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full,

and adopted this 30th day of December, A.D. 1937, by the following vote:

Commissioners Krause, Marble, Ronnow and His Honor, the Mayor, voting aye;

Voting No, None

Absent, Commissioner Perry

Viola Burns,

City Clerk