1.	Any of the uses or purposes for which such permits were required or permitted by the pro-
visions of this ordinance.

2.	Public utility or public service uses or public buildings in any district when found to be
necessary for the public health, safety, convenience or welfare.

3.	Removal of minerals and natural materials, including building and construction materials,
in any district when incidental to a permitted use of improvement of the land, but not
solely for commercial or industrial purposes.

Such application shall be on a form provided for the purpose by the Planning Commission and
shall be known as an "Application for Use Permit."

B. The Planning Commission shall cause to be made by its own members or by its Planning Engineer when
assigned for such purpose, an investigation to determine that such use, in the place specified will not be in-
jurious to public health, safety, or welfare, or detrimental to other properties or uses in the vicinity. The
City Health Officer and the Fire Chief shall be notified of the application, the use applied for and the pro-
perty involved. A report shall be submitted by both the Health Officer and the Fire Chief stating eh effect that
the establishment of such use will have on public health and public safety respectively, and recommending ap-
proval or denial of the application. Such report must be submitted to the Planning Commission not less than ten
(10) days after the filing of the application.

C.	Within forty (40) days after the receipt of such application, the Planning Commission shall render
its decision, and submit a written report of such findings to the Governing Body. The applicant shall be noti-
fied or such findings by a notice sent by registered mail not more than three (3) days after transmitted of such
report to the Governing Body. If it is the opinion of the Commission, after consideration of the report of such
investigation, that the use as proposed in the application, or under appropriate restrictions or conditions,
will not endanger the public health safety or general welfare, or be inconsistent with the general purposes and
intent of this Ordinance, the Commission shall approve the application, either with or without, conditions. If
the proposed use will tend, in the opinion of the commission, to endanger in any way the public health, safety,
or general welfare, or to produce results inconsistent with the general purposes and intent of this Ordinance,
the Commission shall deny the application.

D.	When deemed necessary and in the public interest the Planning Commission may hold a public hearing
upon any application for a use permit, and if such public hearing is to be held notice thereof shall be given

in the manner of procedure prescribed in Section XXI of this Ordinance, except that such procedure shall spec-
ifically refer to "Use Permits" and further that the area considered by the Commission to be affected by the
intended use of land as described in such application for use of land as described in such application for use
permit may be extended to a distance greater than three hundred (300) feet of the exterior of such land, and the
owners thereof of such extended adjacent area shall also be notified of such hearing.

E.	The decision of the Planning Commission shall be transmitted in writing to the Governing Body who
may issue a permit for such use or may deny such permit. The Governing Body may sustain, reverse or modify such
decision by a majority vote of said Body.

F.	An appeal relative to any decision rendered in connection with an application for Use Permit shall
be made in accordance with the procedure established for appeals in connection with an Application for Variance
as prescribed in Section XXI, paragraphs K, L, M thereof of this Ordinance, including notice to any owners of
extended area who were notified as provided in paragraph D of this Section.

The decision of the Governing Body shall be final and conclusive in such appeal.

SECTION XXIII: FORCE OR CONDITIONS:

Any restrictions or conditions required by the Planning Commission or Governing Body in the granting
of any use, variance or permit under the provision of third Ordinance must be complied with. Violation of such
conditions or requirements shall result in revocation of the permission granted to so use the property and
further use of the property or maintenance of any buildings thereon shall constitute a violation of this Ordi-
nance and shall be punishable in the manner set forth in Section XXXI of this Ordinance.

SECTION XXIV: BUILDING PERMITS:

A. A building permit shall be required for the erection, construction, establishment, moving, alter-
ation, enlargement, repair or conversion of any building or structure in any district established by the pro-
visions of this ordinance, provided, however, that this requirement shall be subject to the following provisions,
to-wit:

1. The provisions of the Las Vegas Building Code relating to the application for, form of and
issuance of building permits under said Building Code shall to the application for, form of and issuance of
building permits under the provisions of this section; provided, however, that the construction, establishment,
moving, alteration, enlargement, repair or conversion of any such building or structure shall comply with all
the provisions of the ordinance.

2.	All applications for a building permit shall be made on a printed form furnished by the Build-
ing Inspector of the City of Las Vegas and shall, in addition to any plans for buildings or structures, be
accompanied by a drawing, plat or plot plan, in duplicate, drawn to scale, which shall contain accurate in-
formation and dimensions as to the size of and location of the lot, the size and location of the existing and
proposed building or structures on the lot, the dimensions of all yards and open spaces, and such other in-
formation as may be necessary to provide for the enforcement of this Ordinance.

3.	Before any building or structure is erected, constructed, altered or moved on any property
within the City of Las Vegas, the building permit application together with plans, drawings, sketches or des-
criptions of same, shall be submitted to the Planning Commission or its designated agent for approval or dis-
approval. The Planning Commission may designate its Planning Engineer as its agent to receive and inspect, con-
sider and approve or disapprove said plans on behalf of said Commission. When he has ascertained that the plans
conform to the requirements for the district in which the buildings, structure or use is to be located, he
shall immediately approve same and return to the Building Inspector without delay. When he has ascertained

that the plans do not conform to the requirements for the district in which the building, structure or use is
to be located, he shall immediately disapprove same and return to the Building Inspector without delay.

4. In all cases where the Governing Body has allowed a variance or a use permit as authorized in
this Ordinance, the Building Inspector may issue a building permit sufficient to allow such building or work
to be done in accordance with the decision of the Governing Body, provided that not permit shall be issued
pursuant to any decision until the time for rehearing or for appeal therefrom shall have expired and then only
in the event that no appeal or application for rehearing shall have been filed within such time.