Section 32. It shall be unlawful for any person to unjustifiably admin-
ister any poisonous or noxious drug pr substance tp any animal, other than a horse,
mule or domestic cattle, or to unjustifiably expose any such drug or substance with
intent that the same shall be taken by an animal, other than a horse, mule or
domestic cattle, whether such animal be the property of himself or another; provided,
that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent or restrict the pound-
master and City Health Officer in the exercise and performance of the powers and
duties in this ordinance set forth as to them, and any properly conducted scientific
experiments or investigations performed only under the authority and direction of
the faculty of any regularly incorporated medical college or university of the State
of Nevada.

Section 33. It shall be unlawful for any person to wilfully throw, drop
or place, or cause to be thrown, dropped or placed upon any road, highway, street,
alley or public place, or upon the private property of another, any glass, nails,
pieces of metal or other substance which might wound, disable or injure any animal,
or to drop, place or throw or cause to be dropped, placed or thrown any substance
or device upon his own property with intent to wound, disable or injure any animal.

Section 34. It shall be unlawful for any person to carry or cause to be
carried in or upon any vehicle, enclosed device, or otherwise, any animal in a
cruel or inhuman manner, or so as to produce torture.

Section 35. Any person who violates any of the provisions of Sections
28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33 and 34 of this ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a mis-
demeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not more than
Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment in the city jail for not more
than six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 36. Ordinance No. 5 entitled "An Ordinance to Prohibit Stock
Running at Large," approved July 18, 1911, Ordinance No. 12 of the City of Las
Vegas entitled 'An Ordinance Providing for the Collection of a Dog License or
Tax", approved September 8, 1941, Ordinance No. 19 entitled "An Ordinance
Amending Ordinance No. 12 of the City of Las Vegas entitled 'An Ordinance Providing
for the Collection of a Dog License of Tax', approved November 1, 1911, Ordinance
No. 51 entitled "An Ordinance Prohibiting Dogs From Running at Large in the Streets
Alleys, or Public Places of the City of Las Vegas and Repealing Ordinance No. 19,
Entitled 'An Ordinance Amending Ordinance No. 12 of the City of Las Vegas, Entitled.
'Entitled, 'An Ordinance Providing for the Collection of a Dog License or Tax'
and all Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Herewith'," approved Jan-
uary 7, 1914, Ordinance No. 58 entitled "An Ordinance Providing for the Collection
of a Dog Tax or License," approved October 7, 1914, Ordinance No. 63 entitled
"An Ordinance Prohibiting Dogs from Running at Large within the Limits of the City
Of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and Requiring all Persons
Owning, Keeping or Harboring any Dog or Dogs Within the Limits of the City of
Las Vegas to Keep Said Dog or Dogs on Their Premises and at all Times to Wear a
Dog Muzzle," approved March 11, 1916, and Ordinance No. 101 entitled "An Ordinance
Providing for a City Pound; Appointment of a Pound Master and Deputy Pound Master;
Providing Rules and Regulations for the Government of Same; Prohibiting Animals
Running at Large Within the City and Providing for the Custody and Sale of Same
and Matters Relating Thereto; Fixing the Fees to be Charged by the Pound Master,

His Salary and His Duties; Fixing a Penalty for the Violation of Any of the
Provisions Hereof, and Repealing all Ordinances or Parts of Ordinances in Conflict
Herewith, and Specifically Repealing Ordinance No. 5 of the City of Las Vegas,
Entitled 'An Ordinance to Prohibit Stock Running at Large'," approved July 3,1923,
and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 37. The provisions of this ordinance shall be severable, and
if any of the provisions thereof shall be held to be invalid or unconstitutional,
such decision shall not affect the validity or constitutionality of any of the
remaining provisions of this ordinance. It is hereby declared as the intent of the
Board of Commissioners that this ordinance would have been adopted had such in-
valid or unconstitutional provision not been included therein.

Section 38. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its
publication, as in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 39. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Hoard of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas shall cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two
successive weeks immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las
Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas.

/s/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the
Board of City Commissioners on the 9th day of May , 1947 and referred to the

following committee composed of Commissioners _____Baskin and Clark_________

for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on the said