parking meter while said meter is displaying a signal indicating that the vehicle occupying
such parking space has already been parked beyond the period prescribed for such parking
space.

(c)	To park any vehicle across any line or marking of a parking meter space or in such
position that the vehicle shall not be entirely within the area designated by such lines

or markings.

(d)	To deface, injure, tamper with, open or wilfully break, destroy, or impair the use-
fulness of any parking meter installed under the provisions of this ordinance.

(e)	To deposit or cause to be deposited in any parking meter any slugs, device or metal
substances, or other substitute for lawful coins.

Section 8. It shall be the duty of the Police Department of the City of Las Vegas to
enforce the provisions of this ordinance and to report:

(a)	The number of each parking meter (if so numbered) which indicates that the vehicle
occupying the parking space adjacent to such parking meter is or has been parking in violation
of any of the provisions of this ordinance.

(b)	The state license number of such vehicle.

(c)	The time during which said vehicle is parking in violation of any of the provisions
of this ordinance.

(d)	Any other facts, a knowledge of which is necessary to a thorough understanding of
the circumstances attending such violation. Each such police officer shall also attach to
such vehicle a notice to the owner or operator thereof that such vehicle has been parked in
violation of a provision of this ordinance and instructing such owner or operator to report
at the Police Department of the City of Las Vegas in regard to such violation. Each such
owner or operator may within twenty-four (24) hours of the time when such notice was attached
to such vehicle, pay to the Police Department of the City of Las Vegas, as a penalty for and
in full satisfaction of such violation, the sum of One Dollar ($1.00) for the first offense,
Two Dollars ($2.00) for the second offense, and Three Dollars ($3.00) for the third and

each subsequent offense thereafter. The failure of such owner or operator to make such pay-
ment of the sums as herein provided within twenty-four (24) hours, shall render such owner
or operator subject to the penalties hereinafter provided for the violation of the provisions
of this ordinance.

Section 9* COLLECTIONS. It shall be the duty of the Chief of Police to designate some
member or members of the Police Department, who shall be bonded, to make regular collections
of the money deposited in said meters and it shall be the duty of such persons so designated
to remove the coins so deposited in said meters and to deliver the same to the City Comptrol-
ler of the City of Las Vegas who shall count the funds contained therein and deposit such
funds with the City Clerk.

Section 10. USE OF FUNDS. The coins deposited in parking meters are required and shall
be used to defray the expense of proper regulation of traffic upon the public streets of the
City of Las Vegas; to provide for the cost of supervision, regulation and control of the
parking of vehicles in parking meter zones; and to cover the cost of purchase, supervision,
protection, inspection, installation, operation, maintenance, control and use of parking
meters.

Section 11. PENALTY. Any person who shall violate or fail to comply with any of the
provisions of this ordinance, or who shall counsel, aid or abet any such violation or failure
to comply, shall be deemed guilty of an offense and shall be punished by a fine of not to
exceed Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00) or by imprisonment for not to exceed six (6) months,
either or both penalties to be imposed at the discretion of the court.

Section 12. RESERVATION OF POWERS. Nothing in this ordinance shall be construed as
prohibiting the City of Las Vegas from providing for bus stops, for taxicab stands and other
matters of similar nature, including the loading or unloading of trucks, vans, or other
commercial vehicles.

Section 13. REPEAL OF CONFLICTING ORDINANCES. All ordinances and parts of ordinances
inconsistent with the terms of this ordinance are hereby repealed; provided, however, that
such repeal shall be only to the extent of such inconsistency and in all other respects this
ordinance shall be cumulative of other ordinances regulating and governing the subject matter
covered by this ordinance.

Section 14. SEVERABILITY. If any section, clause, phrase, paragraph or sentence of the
ordinance is for any reason held to be void or unconstitutional, such decision shall not af-
fect the validity of the remainder of this Act, and it is hereby declared that this Act, and
each of the sections, sentences, clauses, paragraphs or phrases thereof, would have been passed
irrespective of the fact that any one or more of such sections, paragraphs, sentences, clauses
or phrases may hereafter be declared to be void or unconstitutional.

Section 15. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as
in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 16. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immedi-
ately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a
daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

______E. W. Cragin_________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

_______Shirley Ballinger_________

City Clerk