installation a certificate of approval, with duplicate copy for delivery to the owner,

 authorizing the use of the installation and connection to the source of supply, and shall
send written notice of such authorization to the electrical utility furnishing the electric
j service.

When a certificate of approval is issued authorizing the connection and use of temporary
 work, such certificate shall be issued to expire at a time to be stated therein and shall be
 revocable by the Electrical Inspector for cause.

A preliminary certificate of approval may be issued authorizing the connection and use of
certain specific portions of an incompleted installation; such certificate shall be revocable at
the discretion of the Electrical Inspector.

When any part of a wiring installation is to be hidden from view by the permanent place-
ment of parts of the building, the person, firm or corporation installing the wiring shall
notify the Electrical Inspector and such parts of the wiring installation shall not be con-
cealed until they have been inspected and approved by the Electrical Inspector or until
24 hours, exclusive of Sundays and Holidays, shall have lapsed from the time of such notification;
provided that on large installations, where the concealment of parts of the wiring proceeds
continuously, the person, firm or corporation installing the wiring shall be made periodically
during the progress of the work.

At least once in each calendar year the Electrical Inspector shall visit all premises
where work may be done and shall inspect all electric wiring, devices, appliances and equipment
installed since the date of his last previous inspection, and shall issue a certificate of
approval for such work as in found to be in conformity with the provisions of this ordinance, after the
fee required by Section 5 has been paid.

If upon inspection the installation is not found to be fully in conformity with the
provisions of this ordinance, the Electrical Inspector shall at once forward to the person,
firm or corporation making the installation, a written notice stating the defects which
have been found to exist.

Section 7. Connection to Installations.

Except where work is done under an annual license, it shall be unlawful for any
 person, firm or corporation to make connection from a source of electrical energy or to supply
electric service to any electric wiring, devices, appliances or equipment for the installation
of which a permit is required, unless such person, firm or corporation shall have obtained
satisfactory evidence that such wiring, devices, appliances or equipment are in all
respects in conformity with all applicable legal provisions.

It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to make connections from
a source of electrical energy or to supply electric service to any electric wiring, devices,
appliances or equipment which has been disconnected or ordered to be disconnected by the
Electrical Inspector to be discontinued until a certificate of approval has been issued
by him authorizing the reconnection and use of such wiring, devices, appliances or
equipment.

Section 8. Standards for Electrical Materials.

All electrical materials, devices, appliances and equipment installed or used in the
City of Las Vegas, shall be inconformity with the provisions of this Ordinance, the statutes
of the State of Nevada, the rules and regulations issued by the City Commission of Las Vegas
and shall be in conformity with approved standards for safety to life and property. Except
where by the statutes of the State of Nevada by orders issued under the authority of the
State Statutes or by this ordinance a specific type or class of material, device, appliance
or equipment is disapproved for installation or use, conformity with the standards of
Underwriters' Laboratories, Inc., as approved by the American Standards Association, shall
be prima facie evidence of conformity with approved standards for safety to life and property;
provided, however, the Electrical Inspector shall permit trial installation of new materials,
devices, appliances and equipment after such materials, devices, appliances and equipment
shall have been recommended by the Board of Electrical Examiners and approved by the Mayor
and City Council. The maker's name, trade-mark or other identification symbol shall be placed
on all electrical materials, devices, appliances and equipment used or installed under this
ordinance.

All public buildings or buildings over two occupancies or any buildings in the fire
zone shall be wired with rigid conduit or steel tube.

Section 9. Classes of Licenses.

Licenses and certificates therefor shall be issued by the Board of Electrical Examiners,
which shall be designated respectively as Class 1, Electrical Contractors' Licenses.

An electrical Contractor's License shall entitle the holder thereof to engage in the
business of, and to secure permits for, the installation, alteration and repair of any electric
wiring, devices, appliances or equipment.

Section 10. Board of Electrical Examiners.

There is hereby created a Board of Electrical Examiners which shall consist of the Elec-
trical Inspector and five other members appointed by the City Commissioners as follows: One
 representative of Electrical Utility Company, One Journeymen, one representative of electrical
contractor, and two members of the Board of City Commissioners.

Appointments shall be made for terms of two years, but any member may, for cause, be
removed from office at any time by the unanimous vote of the three remaining members of the
 Board of City Commissioners.

Section 11. Duties of the Board of Electrical Examiners.

It shall be the duty of the Board of Electrical Examiners to hold a meeting at least
once during each month to examine representatives of applicants for licenses; to grant licenses
as applied for and issue certificates therefor to those applicants who shall show the proper