above a height of two (2) feet solid wall.

(c)	Planted hedges projecting beyond the front yard line in RA, RE or R Districts shall not exceed the
maximum heights permitted for fences or walls as specified for such districts under sub-paragraphs (a) and (b)
immediately above.

(d)	No such fence, wall or hedge shall be erected or maintained on the public property beyond the
front property line of any lot or parcel of land except masonry or concrete retaining walls and then only to
a height not to exceed six (6) inches above the grade of the earth such wall is constructed to retain, pro-
vided a permit is first secured from the City of Las Vegas approving the necessity for and type of such re-
taining wall.

H.	PROVISION FOR STORAGE OR PARKING OF AUTOMOBILES:

There shall be provided at the time of the construction of any main building hereafter erected or at
the time of the alteration or enlargement of any main building, minium permanently-maintained off-street
parking accomodations, with adequate provisions for ingress and egress as follows:

(a) In connection with each lot or parcel of land classified in the "R", "C" or "M" Districts and
used for a single-family dwelling, duplex-dwelling, residential apartment house, apartment house, bungalow
court, dwelling group, or any other multiple family use of a lot or parcel of land, there shall be provided
a private automobile storage space, located on the same lot or parcel of land, with a capacity for not less
than one (1) car for each single-family unit in such building hereafter erected or added to by such enlargement.

(b)	Public Parking Areas - Automobile and Trailer Sales Areas: Every parcel of land hereafter used
as a Public Parking Area or Automobile and Trailer Sales Area shall be developed as follows, subject to the
approval of plans by the Planning Commission.

Such area shall be paved or otherwise adequately and satisfactorily surfaced, shall have appropriate
bumper guards where needed, and shall be properly enclosed with an ornamental fence, wall or compact evergreen
hedge, having a height of not less than two (2) feet nor more than Six (6) feet. Such fence, wall or hedge shall
be maintained in good condition and observe the required front yard, and the required side yard along the
street side of a corner lot, of the district in which it is located, and such required front or side yards
shall be landscaped with evergreen or suitable ground cover and properly maintained.

Where such area adjoins the side of a lot in an "RA", "RE", or "R" District, no parking shall be
permitted within six (6) feet thereof, and within the six (6) foot strip thus provided, an ornamental fence
or wall erected, or a compact evergreen hedge shall be planted, and maintained at a height of not more than
six (6) feet.

Such area shall be properly and adequately lighted, and any lights used to illuminate said parking
areas shall be so arranged as to reflect the light away from adjoining premises, in any "RA", "RE", or "R"
District.

(c)	On the same premises with every building, structure or part thereof, erected and occupied for
commercial or manufacturing use, or other uses similarly involving the receipt of distribution by vehicles,
of materials or merchandise, there shall be provided and permanently maintained on the lot, adequate space
for standing of vehicles, loading and unloading services, in such manner as not to obstruct the freedom of
traffic movement upon the public streets or alleys. Such space, unless otherwise adequately provided for.
shall include not less than a fifteen (15) foot by twenty-five (25) foot loading space with fourteen (14) foot
height clearance, and which space shall be provided with access to an alley, or if no alley adjoins the lot,
then with access to a street.

(d)	Any public or semi-public automobile parking or storage area including such lands or premises
as are used for or incidental to automobile parkings, sales, storage, service, or any type of "drive-in"
business or service or similar uses where vehicles other than those incidental to such to such use commonly
use the lands, or premises in connection with any use in any "R", "C" or "M" District shall be paved or
otherwise suitably, adequately, or satisfactorily surfaced so as to be dust-proof, and provided, further, that
all such uses existing at the effective date of this Ordinance shall comply with this requirement within one
(1) hear of enactment thereof.

(e) Any lands or premises used for any public or semi-public automobile parking, storage, sales,
service, public garage, or any type of "drive-in" business or service or similar uses where vehicles re-
gularly and customarily require access to and ingress and egress upon such premises from any public street
or alley, shall be so designed that entrance and exit drives, openings and/or approaches for ingress and
egress by vehicles will be accomplished in the safest, most desirable and functional manner with relation

to vehicular and pedestrian traffic in the streets upon which such use abuts. Such entrance and exit openings
and driveways shall not exceed twenty-five (25) feet in width, and in no case shall any such "drive-in"
service be permitted to use the entire street frontage upon which such abuts for entrance or exit facilities.
Detailed plans for driveway openings or curb cuts therefore shall be submitted for approval with regard to the
location and relation of same to the public streets or highways. All such lands or premises devoted to the
uses herein described and existing at the effective date of this Ordinance shall comply with the requirement
within one (1) year of enactment hereof.

I.	PREMATURE CLEARING OF LANDS:

No lands shall be cleared of vegetation, graded, or the natural ground surface thereof otherwise
disturbed so as to create a dust nuisance unless and until a permit and/or Certificate of Occupancy has been
duly issued for the proposed land use, construction or development as authorized by this Ordinance. In the
case of clearing and/or grading for a new subdivision development, the approval of a tentative map by the
Governing Body, including approval of designated improvements therein, shall be deemed to be authorization
for the clearing or grading of only such lands or portion thereof as the subdivider proposes to immediately
improve and record as a final map.

J.	INTERPRETATION OF ORDINANCE:

In interpreting and applying the provisions of this ordinance, they shall be held to be the
minimum requirements adopted for the promotion of the public health, safety, morals, comfort, prosperity,
convenience and general welfare. Except as specifically herein provided, it is not intended by this ordinance
to repeal, abrogate, annul or in any way to impair or interfere with any existing provision of law or
ordinance, or any rules, regulations or permits previously adopted or issued, or which shall be adopted or
issued pursuant to law relating to the use of land, use of buildings or premises, or relating to the erection,
construction, establishment, moving, alteration, or enlargement of any buildings or improvements; nor is it