SECTION 8. That when said bonds have been duly executed and sold, the City
Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas shall deliver them to the lawful purchaser thereof on
receipt of the purchase price. The funds realized from the sale of said bonds shall be
applied solely to the construction of storm sewers and storm drains in the City of Las
Vegas, but the purchaser of said bonds shall in no manner be responsible for the application
by said City or any of its officers of any of the funds derived from the sale thereof.

SECTION 9. The interest falling due on said bonds on July 1, 1948 shall be paid
out of the general fund of said City, or any other funds that may be available for such
purpose, and there shall be levied in the year 1948 on all property both real and personal,
subject to taxation within the boundaries of said City, including the net proceeds of mines,
a tax sufficient to reimburse said fund or funds for such installment of interest, and for
the purpose of creating a fund for the payment of said bonds and the interest thereon, there
shall be levied in the year 1948 and annually thereafter, a sufficient tax on all property,
both real and personal, subject to taxation within the boundaries of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, including the net proceeds of mines, sufficient to pay the interest
on said bonds and to pay and retire the same as hereinabove provided; and provided further
that in the preparation of the annual appropriation ordinance for the City, the City Council
shall first make proper provision, through the levy of sufficient taxes, for the payment of
the interest on and the retirement of the principal of the bonded indebtedness of the City,
and the amounts necessary for the payment of principal and interest on the other bonded
indebtedness of the City, shall be a first charge against all of the revenue received by
said City. In any year in which the total taxes levied by all overlapping political sub-
divisions and taxing units in Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, may exceed the limitation
of five cents on the dollar imposed by Section 2 of Article X of the Constitution of the
State of Nevada, and it shall become necessary by reason thereof to reduce the levies made
in behalf of said City, the reductions so made shall be in taxes levied for or by such
City for purposes other than the payment of its bonded indebtedness and interest thereon,
the taxes levied hereafter for the payment of such bonded indebtedness, and the interest
thereon, shall always enjoy a priority over taxes levied for or on behalf of such City for
any other purposes where reduction is necessary in order to comply with the limitations
of said Section 2 of Article X, or with the City Charter of Las Vegas, Nevada. Such tax
shall be levied and collected in the same manner and at the same time as other taxes are
levied and collected, and the proceeds thereof shall be kept by the County Treasurer in a
Special Fund to be known as the "Storm Sewer Bond, Series of January 1, 1948 Fund", which
shall be used for no other purpose than the payment of principal and interest as the same
fall due. Such tax shall be levied in the year 1948 and annually thereafter until all of said
bonds, and the interest thereon, shall have been fully paid, satisfied and discharged. Any
sums coming due on said bonds at any time when there are on hand from such tax levy or levies,
insufficient funds to pay the same, shall be promptly paid when due from general funds on
hand belonging to the City of Las Vegas, reimbursement to be made to such general funds in
the sums thus advanced when taxes herein provided for shall have been collected.

Section 10. The City Council does hereby find and declare that the life of the
improvement to be constructed out of the proceeds of the sale of said bonds shall and will be
in excess of twenty years.

Section 11. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be, and they hereby are,
authorized and directed to take all action necessary for or appropriate to effectuate the pro-
visions of this ordinance, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the printing of said bonds and the execution of such certificates as may be required by
the purchaser thereof relating to the signing of the bonds, the tenure and identity of the
municipal officials, the assessed valuation and indebtedness of the City of Las Vegas, the
receipt of the bond purchase price and the absence of litigation pending or threatened
affecting the validity thereof.

Section 12. All ordinances or parts thereof in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed. After the bonds hereby authorized have been issued, this ordinance shall
constitute a contract between the City of Las Vegas and the holder or holders of said bonds,
and shall be and remain irrepealable until said bonds and the interest accruing thereon shall
have been fully paid, satisfied and discharged.

Section 13. This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its
adoption, approval and the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in The Las Vegas
Evening-Review Journal.

Section 14. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and
directed to cause this ordinance to be published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two
consecutive weeks, immediately after its final passage and approval at this meeting.

ADOPTEE AND APPROVED this 22nd day of December, A. D., 1947.

Attest: Helen Scott Reed_______	E. W. Cragin________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

Mayor	E. W. Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner	R. T. Baskin	"Aye"

Commissioner	Robert T. Moore	"Aye"

Commissioner	C. R. Clark	"Aye"

Commissioner	Reed Whipple	"Aye"

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

None.

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed_____	E. W. Cragin_________

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)