(Ordinance No. 243 Continued)

Section 13. All licenses granted under this ordinance, or any section thereof, are
granted and accepted by all parties receiving said licenses with the express understanding
that the Board of City Commissioners may revoke the same at any time if any of the
conditions of the license or terms of this ordinance have been violated, or if the license
was obtained by fraudulent representations, or the holder of such license is an unfit
person to be trusted with the privileges granted by said license; provided, however,
that no license shall be revoked without giving the holder thereof an opportunity to
appear before the Board in his own behalf. On revocation of the license no part of the
money paid therefor shall be returned, but such license fee shall be forfeited to the City.

Section 14. Ordinances 1, 2, 4, 13, 14, 35, 62, 74, 75, 81, 95, 102, 105, 108, 112,
117, 145, 184 and 192 are hereby expressly repealed.

Section 15. Nothing in this ordinance contained shall be construed so as to repeal,
amend or affect in any wise those other ordinances of the City of Las Vegas regulating and
licensing the sale of intoxicating liquor, and regulating and licensing the operation
of gambling games and devices, including slot machines and vending machines in the City
of Las Vegas.

Section 16. Any person violating any of the terms or provisions of this ordinance
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by
a fine not to exceed	three	hundred dollars ($300) or by imprisonment in the	City	jail	for

a term not to exceed	ninety days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 17. By reason of the fact that it appears from a recent decision of the
Supreme Court of the	State	of Nevada and from a recent meeting of the Nevada Tax	Com-
mission, that the tax levy	of the City of Las Vegas for the year 1938 is to	be materially

reduced, by the said Tax Commission and that the said City of Las Vegas will not have
available the necessary money to carry on its governmental functions and render the public
service outlined, required and necessary for the balance of the year and for the future,
and that said City of Las Vegas is now without sufficient funds for said purposes, an
emergency is hereby declared to exist and this ordinance is hereby declared to be and is
proposed, adopted and passed as an emergency ordinance, and the same shall take effect
and be in force immediately upon its passage and all license fees herein mentioned for the
last quarter of the year 1938 shall be paid to the City Clerk under the rates and in the
amounts specified in this ordinance.

Section 18. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published
in the Las Vegas Review, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a
period of two weeks.

H. P. Marble
Mayor

ATTEST:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and, by and with
the unanimous consent of the whole board of Commissioners, was adopted and passed as an
emergency ordinance this 26th day of September, A.D., 1938, by the following vote: Com-
missioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor, the Mayor, H. P. Marble,
voting aye. Voting No, none.

Viola Burns
CITY CLERK.

(See Page 109 for Affidavit of Publication of Ordinance No. 243)

ORDINANCE NO. 244

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS LICENSING, FOR PURPOSES OF REGULATION
AND REVENUE EVERY KIND OF LAWFUL BUSINESS HEREINAFTER SPECIFIED, TRANSACTED
OR CARRIED ON WITHIN THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, STATE
OF NEVADA: FIXING THE RATES OF LICENSE TAX UPON THE SAME AND PROVIDING FOR
THE COLLECTION OF SAID LICENSE TAX, AND A PUNISHMENT FOR CARRYING ON OR CON-
DUCTING ANY SUCH BUSINESS WITHOUT A LICENSE, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES NUMBERED

1,	2, 4, 13, 14, 35, 48, 62, 74, 75, 81, 95, 102, 105, 108, 112, 117, 145,

184, 192 and 243.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. The City Clerk must prepare and have printed blank licenses as herein
authorized to be issued.

Section 2. The City Clerk must affix his official seal to, number and sign all licen-
ses.

Section 3. The City Clerk must keep in his office a Register in which he must keep
account of all licenses issued and delivered by him.

Section 4. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation, club or assoc-
iation to commence, carry on, engage in, or continue in, in the City of Las Vegas, State
of Nevada, any business, trade, occupation or employment, upon which a license tax is
imposed by the terms and provisions of this ordinance and for which a license tax is re-
quired to be procured by the terms and provisions of this ordinance, without first paying
such license tax and procuring such license as hereinafter provided. Said license shall
authorize the party obtaining the same to transact the business described in such license