highway, and pertaining only to the prospective rental or sale or the identification of the property on which
it is located, or to the products produced on the premises; and one or more signs, not exceeding three (3)
square feet in area, warning against trespassing.

6.	The following uses, upon the securing of a use permit in each case, as provided in Section XXII
of this Ordinance.

(a)	Farms or ranches for grazing, breeding, raising or training horses or cattle, but not including
cattle or livestock feeding or sales yards, provided the lot or parcel of land is not less
than five (5) acres in area.

(b)	Public and quasi-public uses, churches, public utilities and services, radio broadcasting
facilities.

(c)	Real Estate offices, temporary only.

7. The conditions under which domestic animals are kept shall be in compliance with the rules, reg-
ulations or laws of the City of Las Vegas and/or the Nevada State Health Department.

B.	Building Height Limit:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	Building Site Area Required:

The minimum building site area shall be one recorded lot or shall consist of a parcel of land not
less than one (1) acre in area for each one-family dwelling.

D.	Front Yard Required:

No building shall be erected closer than fifty (50) feet to either the front property line of the
building site or the line of any future street as provided in Section XX or as shown upon any official street
plan or Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas.

E.	Side Yard Required:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten (10) percent of the
width of the lot, but such side yard meed not exceed twenty- five (25) feet and shall not be less than five
(5) feet in width.

F.	Rear Yard Required:

There shall be a rear yard of not less than twenty-five (25) percent of the depth of the lot.
SECTION IX: RE (RESIDENCE ESTATE) DISTRICT REGULATIONS.

A.	Uses Permitted:

1.	One-family dwellings of a permanent character, placed in a permanent location, containing not more
than one (1) kitchen, and used by but one family.

2.	The following light agricultural uses:

(a)	Field crops, truck gardening, berry or bush crops, tree crops, flower gardening, nurseries,
greenhouses, orchards, aviaries, apiaries.

(b)	Farms devoted to the hatching, raising and marketing of chickens turkeys, or other poultry,
fowl, rabbits, fish, frogs: provided, however, that no killing or dressing of poultry or
rabbits shall be permitted other than the poultry or rabbits raised on the premises and that
such killing or dressing is done in an accessory building.

(c)	Sale of any of the products of any of the aforementioned permitted uses upon the premises
upon which such products are produced; provided, that no permanent or commercial building
shall be constructed primarily for such sale.

3.	Pending residential development, Small Livestock Farming and the keeping of domestic animals as
an incidental use but not for commercial purposes, and subject to the following limitations:

(a)	Not more than one (1) cow, two (2) goats or two (2) sheep or similar animals per one-half (½)
acre, but no cows, horses, goats, sheep or similar animals on less than one-half (½) acre,
nor more than one (1) horse or one hundred (100) fowl for each one-quarter (¼) acre.

(b)	No cows, goats, sheep or similar animals shall be kept within a distance of two hundred (200)
feet from any dwelling other than a dwelling upon the parcel of land upon which the same are
kept nor within a distance of forty (40) feet from any street line nor within a distance of
twenty (20) feet from any dwelling upon the parcel of land upon which such animals are kept.

(c) More than twelve (12) fowl shall not be kept within a distance of forty (40) feet from any
street line nor within a distance of twenty (20) feet from any dwelling.

(d)	The conditions under which such domestic animals are kept shall be in compliance with the
rules, regulations or laws of the City of Las Vegas and/or the Nevada State Health Department.

4.	Uses customarily incidental to any of the above uses, including home occupations or the office of
a physician, dentist, minister of religion or other similar profession, provided (a) that such office is sit-
uated in the same dwelling unit as the home of the occupant; (b) that such office shall not be used for the
general practice of medicine, surgery, dentistry, but may be used for consultation and emergency treatment as
an adjunct to a principle office; and (c) that there shall be no assistants employed.

5.	Accessory Buildings as follows:

(a)	Accessory buildings, including a private garage, accessory living quarters, guest house, re-
creation room; a detached stable, barn, corral, pen, coop, kennel, poultry or rabbit killing
and dressing room, or other similar structure, when located not less than one hundred (100)