All of this zone shall be restricted to single family residence of a minimum value of Thirty-
five Hundred Dollars ($3,500.00) and no house or building shall be moved into said zone. All
buildings must be set back from the street on which the lot faces, or front street, at least
twenty-five feet (25), and there shall not be more than one single family dwelling on each

fifty foot (505) lot, provided, that on seventy-five foot (75) corner lots, and on lots upon

which there is already erected one dwelling on the rear of said lot, one additional single
family dwelling may be erected subject to the above mentioned setback. No tent house, shack
or garage shall be erected, maintained or occupied as a dwelling in this zone.

(b)

The zone shall consist of that portion of said City lying east of the alley between Fifth
Street and Sixth Street, west of the alley between Tenth Street and Eleventh Street, north of
Charleston Boulevard, and south of Lewis Street.

(c)

The zone shall further consist of that portion of said City designated as follows: that strip
of land 432.62 feet in width adjacent to the north line of Clark Avenue, and a strip of land
378 feet in width adjacent to the South line of Clark Avenue as said Clark Avenue extends
through the Southwest Quarter (SW¼) of Section 28, and the Southeast Quarter (SE¼) of Section
29, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.&M. County of Clark, provided, however, that the
property covered in this subsection shall be restricted to one single family residence of the
value of Thirty-five Hundred Dollars ($3,500.00) to every one hundred (100) feet of frontage
along said Clark Avenue.

Section 3. RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 2

(a)

All of this zone shall be restricted to residences or dwellings of a minimum value of Three
Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00); courts and apartment houses, flats or duplexes to a minimum
value of Eight Hundred and Fifty Dollars ($850.00) per room, with no single building for
residence purposes of a less value than Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00); and no house or
building shall be moved into said district that is of less value than Three Thousand Dol-
lars ($3,000.00) when completed, and the same must be completed within ninety days from the
time such building is moved into said district, and no building shall be occupied for living
purposes until the same is entirely completed. All buildings must be set back from the
street upon which the lot faces, or front street, at least twenty-five feet (25), and there
shall not be more than two (2) separate residences on each fifty foot (50) lot. No tent
house, shack or garage shall be erected, maintained or occupied as a dwelling except for
a maximum period of ninety days (90) during the actual construction of a residence or other
dwelling on the same property, in conformity with City Ordinances.

(b)

The zone shall consist of that	portion	of said	City of Las Vegas lying east of the alley

between Fifth Street and Sixth	Street,	west of	the alley between Tenth Street	and Eleventh

Street, north of Lewis Street and south of the north line of Puck's Sub-division and the
north line of the re-plat of Grandview Addition, and that portion of the City of Las Vegas
lying east of the alley between Second Street and Third Street, west of the alley between
Fourth Street and Fifth Street, north of Charleston Boulevard and south of Garces Street.

(c)

The zone shall consist also of	that portion of	the City of Las Vegas known as	the Woodland

Park Addition as shown by map and plat	on file	in the Clark County Recorder's	Office in

Book 1 of Plats, Page 117.

Section 4. RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 3

(a)

All of this zone shall be restricted to residences or dwellings of a minimum value of
Twenty-five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00); courts and apartment houses, flats or duplexes
to a minimum value of Eight Hundred Dollars ($800.00) per room, but for the purposes of
this zone a bathroom shall not be considered a room; with no single building for residence
purposes of a less value than Twenty-five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00); and no house or
building shall be moved into said district that is of less value than Twenty-five Hundred
Dollars ($2,500.00) when complete, and the same must be completed within ninety (90) days
from the time such building is moved to such district, and no building shall be occupied
for living purposes until the same is entirely completed. All buildings must be set
back from the street upon which the lot faces, or front street, at least twenty-five
(25) feet, and there shall be not more than two (2) separate residences on each fifty
(50) foot lot. No tent house, shack or garage shall be erected, maintained or occupied
as a dwelling house except for a maximum period of one hundred and eighty (180) days during
the actual construction of a residence or dwelling on the same property, in conformity
with the City ordinances.

(b)

The zone shall consist of that portion of the City of Las Vegas known as the Fourteenth
Street Addition as shown by map and plat on file in Book 1 of plats, page 82, in the
Clark County Recorder's office.

Section 5. RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 4

(a)

All of this zone shall be restricted to residences and dwellings, apartment houses, flats,
bungalow courts or auto courts of a minimum value of Fifteen Hundred Dollars ($1,500.00), and
no residence or dwelling, apartment house, flat shall be moved into said zone that is of a
less value than Fifteen Hundred Dollars ($1,500.00) when completed, and all buildings moved
into said district or constructed therein shall be completed within six months from the time
of the commencement of such moving or construction and no building shall be occupied for liv-
ing purposes until same shall be entirely completed. No bungalow court or auto court shall
be erected which shall have a less value than Seven Hundred Fifty Dollars ($750.00) per room,
but for the purposes of this zone, a bathroom shall not be considered a room. No tent house,
shack or garage shall be erected, maintained or occupied as a dwelling except for a maximum
period of six months during the actual construction of a residence or other dwellings on the
same property, in conformity with ordinances of the City of Las Vegas.

(b)

The zone shall consist of that portion of the Westside of the City of Las Vegas, namely, that
portion west of the Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad right-of-way, lying north of the alley
between Wilson Avenue and Gass Avenue, and south of the alley between Jefferson Avenue and
Madison Avenue, west of First Street West and east of the Tonopah Highway.

Section 6. RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 5
(a)

All of the City of Las Vegas not included in the limits of Residence Zones No. 1,2,3,4, ex-
cepting therefrom those sections classified as commercial districts and industrial districts.
Section 7.

That the commercial districts are hereby created and established within the said City as de-
scribed as follows:

All frontage on Fremont Street from Main Street to the east City limits of a depth not ex-
ceeding 150 feet; all frontage on Fifth Street from the south City limits to the north pro-
perty line of Stewart Street to a depth not exceeding 150 feet; all frontage on the east side
of Fifth Street from the north property line of Stewart Street to the north City Limits to a
depth not exceeding 150 feet; all lots fronting on First Street from Bridger Street to