Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of April, 1950.

S/ A. E. Cahlan	___________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

ORDINANCE NO. 408

AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK,
STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO DEFRAY THE COST OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING A SANITARY SEWER IN THE SAID CITY ACCORDING TO THE PLATS, DIAGRAMS AND ESTIMATES OF COST
THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF
 SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNT OF SAID ASSESSMENT, AND DESCRIBING AND DESIGNATING THE LOCALITY CONSTI-
TUTING THE DISTRICT TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO THE BENEFITS AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. For the purpose of defraying the cost of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas
by installing a sanitary sewer line on Charleston Boulevard from existing manhole at Rose Avenue and Charleston
Boulevard running west to Cashman Drive. Said improvements to be made in accordance with the plats, diagrams
and estimates of cost heretofore prepared and adopted by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
and on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City
of Las Vegas is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to make forthwith a special assessment in the total
amount of Twenty-Six Thousand, One Hundred Three Dollars and Forty-Four Cents ($26,103.44), and to levy such as-
sessment according to benefits against the owners and upon the taxable lots and premises embraced within the
special assessment district created by Ordinance #400 of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. In no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or premises exceed 50%
of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County
taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the General
Fund.

Section 3. The Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare an Assessment Roll
in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot and parcel of
land embraced within the aforementioned special assessment district, such relative portion of the whole sum to bet
levied in said district, as shall be proportionate to the estimate benefit resulting to such lot or parcel of
land from the improvement.

Section 4. After the special Assessment Roll, as herein provided for, shall have been prepared and comple-
ted, the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, and thereafter it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered, and the Board of Commis-
sioners shall cause notice thereof to the persons whose names appear upon the Assessment Roll, and to all others
interested therein, to be published for at least two weeks in some newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, of the time when the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to review the as-
sessments, and any person, objecting to the assessments, may file his objections thereto with the City Clerk.

Section 5. At the time appointed for reviewing the assessments, The Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Offi-
cio City Assessor shall meet and give all persons interested an opportunity to be heard, and shall consider any
and all objections that may be filed with the City Clerk, and then, or at some adjourned meeting, shall review
the assessments and correct the same, and confirm it as corrected, or confirm it as reported, or annul it, and
direct a new assessment to be made.

Section 6. When the assessments shall be confirmed as herein provided, it shall be final and conclusive.

The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to the County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the Assessment
Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with his certificate of such confirmation, and of the date
thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation,
record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording,
whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents of such Assessment Roll, and
it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to
the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and Assessment Roll. After the Assessment Roll has
been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts levied thereon shall become at once due and payable, and shall
constitute and be a lien upon the respective lots and parcels of land, and improvements assessed, and shall be
charged against the persons and properties until paid, provided that upon approval of any assessment, the amount
thereof may be divided into not less than four nor more than ten installments, one of such installments to be col-
lected each year, at such time as the Board may determine, with an annual interest at a rate not exceeding 7%

Section 7.	All	assessments, when due and payable, as	in this ordinance provided, shall	be paid to the tax

receiver of the	City	of Las Vegas, Nevada, and by that officer paid into and credited to the	special fund to be

known as and called "Las Vegas Sewer Assessment District No. 200-2 Fund".

Section 8.	All	costs and expenses incurred in making	the improvements shall be charged	to and paid out of

said fund, provided,	however, that all monies drawn on the	General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to defray any

of the costs and expenses of making the improvements, or, if it shall become necessary to draw upon the General
Fund to defray any of the costs and expenses of the improvements, except as otherwise provided by the Charter of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the General Fund shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds from the "Las Vegas
Sewer Assessment District No. 200-2 Fund" as soon as conditions of the same will permit.

Section 9. This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption, approval and the
publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, published in the City of Las
Vegas.

Section 10. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to cause this ordi-
nance to be published in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for
a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks, immediately after its final passage and approval at this meet-
ing.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 22nd day of March , A.D. 1950.

S/ E. W. Cragin,

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger