Sec. 15. PURPOSE OF THIS ORDINANCE (A) No person shall engage in or carry on the business
of electric sign contracting without complying with all of the provisions of ordinances
governing electrical construction for which an electrical permit is required. Electrical
sign contracting business shall be deemed to be electrical contracting business for which
requirements are set up in said ordinance any every such electrical sign contractor shall
comply with all the requirements of such ordinances and with this ordinance.

(b) All electric signs will be considered as electric fixtures and shall be erected and con-
nected under the jurisdiction of a licensed electrical contractor of the City of Las Vegas
and all permits of such signs shall be issued to licensed electrical contractors only.

Sec. 16. NAME PLACE, ETC. All signs must have the makers's name, weight, primary and second-
ary voltage, KVA and permit number painted on the outside or exterior, same to be legible
to the naked eye at least 25 feet away from the sign.	

Sec. 17. SIGNS ON WLAKS, ESC. No signs of any kind shall be placed or supported on any
public street, walk, parking or other public property, and it shall be the duty of the
Police Department to order and compel such signs to be entirely removed.

Sec. 18. PENALTY. (a) Every person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of
this ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be
punished by a fine of not less than five dollars ($5.00) nor more than three hundred
dollars ($300.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not less than two
(2) days, nor more than one hundred fifty (150) days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

(b) Every person, firm, or corporation violating any of the provisions of this ordinance
shall be deemed guilty of a separate offense for each day or portion thereof during which
such violation continues, and shall be punishable therefor as herein provided.

Sec. 19. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in the Las
Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of two weeks

H.P. Marble
Mayor Pro Tem

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
(seal)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted at a
regular recessed meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, this 9th day of March, A.D. 1938, by the following vote: Commissioners
Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye.

Voting no, none.

Absent Mayor Arnett and Commissioner Perry.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION



STATE OF NEVADA )ss
County of Clark )

C.P. Squires being duly sworn deposes and says: That he is publisher of Las Vegas Age,
a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 233 of the City of
Las Vegas was published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from March 11,1938 to
March 18, 1938 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:
March 11 and 18, 1938.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $141.30.

Signed C.P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th day of March 1938.

C.D. Breeze	

Notary Public in an for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission expires June 7 1939.

(Notarial seal)

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for a first time at a recessed regular meeting
of the Board held on the 9th day Of March, 1938, at which time tit was proposed, consid-
ered and voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Age,
a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two
consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading, and it was thereafter read aloud
to the Board for a second, time adopted, approved and finally passed at a recessed regular
meeting of the Board held on the 13th day of April, 1938.	

Voting ayes: Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Marble.

Approved H.P. Marble

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns, City Clerk