Section 1. No person shall hereafter plant any tree within the limits of any parkway or street of the City
of Las Vegas without having first obtained a permit from the Superintendent of Parks.

Section 2. Anyone wishing to plant such tree or trees shall apply to the Superintendent of Parks for a per-
mit, stating the variety and precise location proposed for each tree. After the receipt of such an application,
the Superintendent shall investigate the locality where the tree or trees are to be placed and shall grant a per-
mit only if, in his judgment, the location is such as to permit the normal growth and development of each tree.
The permit shall specify the location, variety and grade of each tree and method of planting, including, among
other things, the supplying of suitable soil. The permit shall be good only for the season stated on same in the
year issued, and no charge shall be made for same. No trees shall be planted except in accordance with its terms.
The specifications of the permit shall be such as will secure the suitable location, planting and growth of each
tree.

Section 3. The following trees can be used for street tree planting:

Fraxinus (Ash)

Plantanus (Sycamore)

Washingtonia (Palms)

Prunus Pissardii (Flowering Plum)

Ginkgo Biloba (Maiden Hair Tree)

Morinda ( Fruitless Mulberry)

Liquidamber (Sweet Gum)

Ceratonia Siliqua (Carob)

Oleander - Tree Form.

Ulmus-Var (Elm)

Section 4. No permit for planting of such trees shall be given where the clear space between the curb and
 sidewalk is less than three (3) feet. Neither shall a permit be given where the soil is too poor to insure the
 growth of the trees unless the applicant or the owner agrees to excavate a suitable hole of not less than 54
 cubic feet and to replace the material removed with suitable good loam.

Section 5. No such tree shall be planted measuring less than two (2) inches in diameter of trunk one foot
above ground. The trunk of each tree shall be without branches eight (8) feet from the ground and the lowest
branch shall not be over nine and one-half feet (9½) from the ground.

Section 6. No person, whether licensed or otherwise, shall move any building along any street in such a
way as to interfere with or injure any tree or shrub in any street or public ground, including parks and park-
ways, in the City of Las Vegas, without a special permit obtained	from the Superintendent	of Parks. The appli-

cation shall specify the building and the proposed route.

Section 7. All moving of trees and shrubs or trimming the branches thereof made necessary for the moving
 of such building or any other purpose shall be done by the Superintendent of Parks, or under his supervision, at
 the expense of the applicant. Should such moving or replanting cause the death of such trees or shrubs, the ap-
plicant shall replace same at his expense. Before such permit is granted, the applicant shall deposit at least
$10.00 per tree and as much more as the Superintendent may deem necessary to cover the actual expense of removing
 and replanting, if necessary, to be retained until said tree or its successor is permanently established.

Section 8. No building material or any other material of any description shall be piled up against any
street tree unless said tree unless said tree is first sufficiently protected by	a proper	guard to prevent	pos-
sible injury, and all instructions issued for that purpose by the	Superintendent	of Parks	must be promptly	com-

plied with by the owner or constructor.

Section 9. No person shall remove, destroy, cut, deface, trim, or in any way injure or interfere with any
tree or shrub on any of the avenues, streets or public grounds, including parks and parkways of the City of Las
 Vegas, without a permit from the Superintendent of Parks.

Section 10. No person shall hitch or fasten any horse or any other animal to any tree or shrub in any ave-
nue, street or public grounds, including parks and parkways, of the City of Las Vegas, nor shall any person suf-
fer or permit any horse or animal to stand or be near enough to such tree or shrub to bite, rub against, or in
any manner injure or deface the same.

Section 11. The Superintendent of Parks shall have power to destroy trees in streets and parkways if infec-
ted by disease or infested by injurious insects when such destruction is necessary to the protection of other
 trees.

Section 12. No person shall place or let be placed any wire conduit or other thing that bums, cuts or
 chafes any part of any trees, whether trunk, root or branch, in any street or parkway. In case the owner or the
 person shall fail after three days' written notice to take adequate steps to prevent further injury, the Super-
intendent of Parks shall have power to remove the same.

Section 13. No paving of any description shall be laid or maintained by anyone between sidewalk and curb
 which will cut off the air and water from any tree. A space of not less than fifty (50) square feet must be left
open for each tree, which space may be covered with suitable satisfactory iron grate upon a permit of the Super-
intendent to whom the plan for such grate must be first submitted.

Section 14. Any person violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a mis-
demeanor.

Section 15. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the next section
provided.

Section 16. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
 this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and
adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on the
22nd day of March, 1950, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Moore and Whipple for
recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the 22nd day of May
1950, which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on the 22nd
day of May , 1950, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first intro-
duced and adopted by the following vote: