(Ordinance No. 244 Continued)

in a particular locality in said city. Separate licenses must be obtained for each branch
establishment or separate house of business, and a license must be obtained for every
class and type of business in this ordinance specified, even though several classes or
types of business may be operated by the same person and at the same place of business,
except that this provision shall not apply to those classes or types of business hereunder
which shall fall within and pay license under Section Six (6) of this Ordinance.

All licenses, when payable quarterly, must be taken out in quarterly periods commencing
on the first day of January, April, July, and October of each year; and when application
for license is made subsequent to any of the above dates, the license which issues there-
on shall be issued for the then current quarterly period unless some other and different
quarterly period is particularly mentioned in said application. No license fee for less
than a full quarterly period shall be accepted by the City Clerk upon any application.

All licenses, when payable annually, must be taken out for the calendar year commen-
cing January first, and when application for an annual license is made subsequent to
January first of any year, the license which issues thereon shall be issued for the then
current, calendar year unless some other and different year is particularly mentioned
in said application. No license fee for less than a full year shall be accepted by the
City Clerk upon any application for an annual license.

Section 5. The City Clerk must make diligent inquiry as to all persons in this City
liable to pay license as provided in this ordinance, and must require each person, where
the license tax depends upon the receipts or amount of business transacted, to state
under oath the probable amount of business which he, or the firm of which he is a
member, or for which he is agent or attorney, or the association or corporation of which
he is president, secretary or managing agent will do in the next succeeding period for
which said license may be issued, which said amount shall be computed according to the
amount of business done during the period next preceding the period for which said
license may be issued, unless an extension or enlargement of business is contemplated,
and thereupon such person, agent, president, secretary or other officer must procure a
license from the City Clerk for the term desired, and in the class of which such person
is liable to pay; and in all cases where an underestimate has been made by the party
applying, the party making such under-estimate, or the company he represents, shall be
required to pay for a license for the next period for which licenses may be issued,
double the sum otherwise required.

Section 6. Every person who, at a fixed place of business in the City of Las Vegas,
sells any goods, wares or merchandise, drugs or medicines, jewelry, or wares, or precious
metals, whether on commission or otherwise, or operates any restaurant, steam or power
laundry, garage, automobile service station, automobile sales agency, newspaper, job
printing establishment, funeral and undertaking establishment, theatre, moving picture
show, or manufactures for sale soda water or any soft drinks, or operates a shoe making,
shoe repair or cobbling shop, a photograph gallery or photo making shop, a blacksmith
shop, machine shop, general repair shop, motor repair shop, bicycle repair shop, clothes
cleaning shop, tailoring establishment, or operates a hospital or clinic, or operates a
creamery, or a water company, furnishing service to sections of the City and having gross
monthly income of less than $3,000.00 per month must obtain from the City Clerk for each
branch of his business, a license, and must pay quarterly therefor an amount of money to
be determined by the class in which said person is placed by the City Clerk; such busi-
ness to be classified and regulated by the amount of the average monthly sales made at
the rates as follows:

(A)	Where the average monthly sales are under the sum of One Thousand Dollars,
the sum of Five Dollars per quarter.

(B)	Where the average monthly sales are One Thousand Dollars and over, but are
under Two Thousand Dollars, the sum of Nine Dollars per quarter.

(C)	Where the average monthly sales are Two Thousand Dollars and over, but are under
Three Thousand Dollars, the sum of Fifteen Dollars per quarter.

(D)	Where the average monthly sales are Three Thousand Dollars and over, but are

under Four	Thousand Dollars,	the sum	of Twenty-one Dollars per quarter.

(E)	Where the average	monthly	sales are Four Thousand	Dollars and	over,	tut	are

under Five	Thousand Dollars,	the sum	of Twenty-seven Dollars	per quarter.

(F)	Where the average	monthly	sales are Five Thousand	Dollars and	over,	but	are

under Seventy-five Hundred Dollars, the sum of Thirty-three Dollars per quarter.

(G)	Where the average monthly sales are Seventy-five Hundred Dollars and over, but
are under Fifteen Thousand Dollars, the sum of Thirty-nine Dollars per quarter.

(H)	Where the average monthly sales are Fifteen Thousand Dollars and over, but are
under Twenty-two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars, the sum of $45.00 per quarter.

(I)	Where the average monthly sales are Twenty-two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars
and over, but are under Thirty Thousand Dollars, the sum of Fifty Dollars per quarter.

(J)	Where the average monthly sales are Thirty Thousand Dollars and over, but are
under Forty Thousand Dollars, the sum of Sixty Dollars per quarter.

(K)	Where the average monthly sales are Forty Thousand Dollars and over, the sum
of Seventy-five Dollars per quarter.

Any person, firm or corporation operating, conducting and carrying on several dif-
ferent classes or types of business at a fixed place of business in the City of Las
Vegas, any of which may fall within the classification mentioned in this section, and
some of which may fall within the classification mentioned in Section Eight of this
ordinance, may have and hereby is given the option of paying license fee upon his total
volume of business done in all said types of business at the rates mentioned in this
section, or he may keep separate account of the volume of business done on the type or