(60)	Each private detective, private detective agency, bureau or business shall pay a
license fee of $25.00 per quarter. The application for such license, or any renewal thereof,
shall first be presented to the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas who shall finger-
print the applicant and require such other information as to the identity of the applicant

as will enable the Chief of Police to properly investigate the applicant's character and
reputation. Upon the completion of such investigation, the Chief of Police shall report
his findings to the Board of Commissioners, together with his endorsement upon the application
of his approval or disapproval thereof. If it shall appear to the Board of Commissioners
that the applicant is of such character and reputation that his exercise of the privileges
of the license will not prejudice or be detrimental to the public safety or welfare, said
Board shall grant the application, and the City Clerk shall thereupon issue the license upon
the payment of the fee herein provided. No such license shall be issued to any person, firm,
association or corporation other than the real and actual proprietor of the business for
which it is issued, and the application for such license in case of a firm, copartnership
or association shall state the names of the copartners or associates, and in case of a
corporation the name of the officers, directors, stockholders and manager thereof, and all
the requirements of this provision pertaining to the fingerprinting, investigation and fit-
ness of the applicant shall apply to all such persons.

(61)	For each abstract and/or title company doing business, maintaining an agency, or
operating in the City of Las Vegas, $125.00 per quarter.

(62)	For each brick yard, pressed brick plant, or adobe or concerto block manufactur-
ing plant, $40.00 per annum.

(63)	For each marble and/or granite workers' shop, $5.00 per quarter.

(64)	For each planing mill allowed by law, $5.00 per quarter.

(65)	For each automobile painting and/or sign painting establishment, $25.00 per annum.

(66)	For each welding and/or iron works, $10.00 per quarter.

(67)	For each hair dressing or beauty parlor, or both, whether operated in connection
with a barber shop or separately, $10.00 per quarter for the first booth operated, and $3.00
per quarter for each additional booth operated.

(68)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of distributing
advertising samples, hand bills, dodgers or printed matter of any kind, shall pay a quarterly
license fee of $3.00 per quarter.

(69)	For each finance company, the sum of $100.00 per quarter. For the purpose of
this subdivision, a finance company is defined to be any person, firm or corporation other
than banks, who makes a business of loaning to others for profit and who holds himself
out to the general public as such.

(70)	Every person, firm or corporation selling or distributing gasoline, motor fuel
oil of any kind, or lubricating oil of any kind, within the City of Las Vegas, not for use as
motor fuel for motor vehicles upon the highways of this State, or not to be exported from
this State or sold to the government of the United States for official use of such government,
shall pay a license fee of $30.00 per quarter. And no such person, firm, corporation or
dealer in such gasoline, motor fuel oil or lubricating oil shall be required to include in
his volume of business, the amount of any such gasoline, motor fuel oil or lubricating oil
sales under any license fee paid under the provisions of Section 6 of this ordinance.

(71)	Every person, firm or corporation renting riding horses shall pay a quarterly
license fee of $10.00 per quarter.

(72)	Every person, firm or corporation operating a trailer camp shall pay a quarterly
license fee of $25.00 per quarter.

(73)	For each boot black stand permitted by ordinance of the City, $3.00 per quarter.

(74)	Any establishment maintaining and conducting therein juke boxes, telephone juke
boxes or any other type of coin operated music machine for use by the patrons of such
establishment shall pay a license fee of $5.00 per quarter for each such machine.

(75)	The business of furnishing continuous and uninterrupted music transmitted from
any central location and delivered through the medium of a music box or other outlet, other
than coin operated, in the premises of the purchaser, shall pay a license fee of $25.00

per quarter for the operation of five (5) outlets and an additional fee of $5.00 per quarter
for each outlet in excess thereof.

(76)	Any establishment maintaining and conducting therein coin operated amusement
machines, or any type of mechanical game or device, not intended or played for gambling
purposes, but for use by the patrons of such establishment for amusement only, shall pay
a license fee of $5.00 per quarter for each such machine, mechanical game or device.

(77)	The business of distributing information to Race Horse Books and installing,
maintaining and operating equipment incident thereto shall pay a license fee of $250.00
per quarter for each Race Horse Book in the City of Las Vegas to which such information
is furnished; provided, however, that the issuance of such a license shall not be deemed
to require such licensee to deliver such service to any Race Horse Book licensed under the
provisions of Ordinance No. 325 of the City of Las Vegas.

(78)	Every person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on any
business not specifically licensed by this ordinance or any other ordinance of the City
of Las Vegas, shall pay a quarterly license fee of $25.00 per quarter.

(79)	Nothing in this ordinance contained shall be deemed or construed as applying to
any person engaged in any of the professions or occupations hereinbefore enumerated solely
as an employee of any other person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on
any such business in the City of Las Vegas, unless specifically so provided herein.