(Ordinance No. 246 Continued)

from Stewart Street to Bridger Street; all lots fronting on Fourth Street from Stewart
Street to Bridger Street; all lots fronting on Main Street from Carson Street to Clark
Avenue, extended; all lots fronting on Clark Avenue and Wilson Avenue in the Original
Townsite, and that portion of the Industrial District covering all frontage on Main
Street from Carson Street to Charleston Blvd."

SECTION 2. Section 16 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas (as amended)
is hereby further amended to read as follows:

The rates for licenses provided for in this Ordinance shall be, and the same
are fixed and established, and the same shall be paid in advance by all persons receiving
such licenses respectively, as follows:

(1-a) For a wholesale liquor license, which shall include the right to wholesale
alcoholic liquors and beverages of all kinds, the sum of $75.00 per quarter.

(1-b) For an importer's license the sum of $50.00 per quarter. An importer's
license shall authorize the holder thereof to be the first person in possession of wines,
beers or other alcoholic liquors within the City of Las Vegas after completion of the act
of the importation of such wines, beers or other alcoholic liquors from without the
state and which have been brewed, fermented or produced outside the state.

It shall not authorize the sale of any type of wines, beers, or other alcoholic
liquors.

In order to make such sales the licensee must first secure the appropriate
license or licenses applicable to the class or classes of business in which he is engaged.

(1-c) For a wholesale beverage license the sum of $37.50 per quarter.

(2)	For	a	tavern liquor license the sum of $250.00 per quarter.

(3)	For	a	club liquor license, the sum of $75.00, per quarter.

(4)	For	a	restaurant beverage license, the sum of $180.00 per quarter.

(5)	For a cabaret license, selling beverages only, the sum of $125.00 per quarter.

(6)	For	a	cabaret liquor license, the sum of $300.00 per quarter.

(7)	For	a	retail liquor establishment to be maintained only in the	zone designated

in Section 4 of Ordinance No. 203, as amended, which is Section 1 of this Ordinance, or

a drug store, for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in the original containers, as
received from the distiller or wholesaler, not to be consumed on the premises, in quan-
tities not exceeding four and nine-tenths (4.9) gallons to the same person and for the
same person's use at any one time, the sum of $162.50 per quarter; provided, however, that
under this license, and without additional payment therefor, the licensee shall be per-
mitted to serve alcoholic beverages containing not more than five and one-half per cent
(5½%) of alcohol by weight, to be consumed upon the premises.

(8)	For a retail beverage license for the sale of beverages containing not more
than five and one-half per cent (5½%) of alcohol by weight, the sum of $37.50 per quarter.

(9) For a cocktail room, or a room adjacent to or in close proximity to a tavern,
where alcoholic liquors containing more than five and one-half per cent (5½%) of alcohol
by weight, are served to the general public from such tavern and where music or other
entertainment is furnished for the pleasure of its guests, the sum of $25.00 per quarter.

SECTION 3. A new section is hereby added to Ordinance No. 203 of the City of
Las Vegas, to be known as Section 18 (a), and reading as follows:

It shall be unlawful for any permittee or licensee to employ any minor person to
sell or handle any intoxicating or alcoholic liquor of any kind or to permit any minor
person to handle such liquor in his place of business in any way, regardless of whether
such place of business may be a duly licensed restaurant, eating establishment of any
kind, drug store or otherwise, and whenever such practice is permitted, the license of
such permittee or licensee will be revoked.

SECTION 4. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published
in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, for a period of two (2) weeks, that is to say, once a week for a period of two

(2)	weeks.

H. P. Marble_________

Mayor

ATTEST:

Viola Burns	(City Seal)

CITY CLERK

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted
this 4th day of February A.D. 1939, by the following vote:

Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor H. P.
Marble voting Aye.

Voting No, none.

Absent, None.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board held on the 4th day of February, 1939, at which time it was proposed, con-
sidered and voted upon, unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Age,
a weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for
two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading, and it was thereafter
read aloud, to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at a
regular meeting of the Board held on the 4th day of March, 1939.