ROW DWELLINGS:

(See Dwelling, Row.)

SANITARIUM:

A building or an institution for the recuperation and treatment of, persons with physical or mental disorders.
SIGN. ADVERTISING:

(See Advertising Sign.)

SLAUGHTER HOUSE:

A place where cattle, sheep, hogs, or other animals are killed or butchered for market or for sale, provided,
however, that this shall not be taken to mean or to include the killing of poultry or rabbits as permitted by
this Ordinance.

SMALL LIVESTOCK FARMING:

The raising, and/or keeping of more than twelve (12) fowl of any kind, and/or twelve (12) rabbits or Twelve
(12) similar animals; any goats, sheep or similar livestock but not hogs; or the breeding, raising and/or
keeping of any cats or dogs; provided, however, that the term "small livestock farming" as used in this Ord-
inance, shall not include animal hospitals, commercial cat or dog kennels, hog raising or the keeping of any
hogs, dairying, or the keeping, raising or breeding for commercial purposes of horses, cattle or similar
livestock as determined by the Planning Commission.

STABLE. COMMERCIAL:

A stable for horses which are let, hired, used, boarded or sold on a commercial basis and for remuneration.
STABLE, PRIVATE:

A detached accessory building for the keeping of horses which are owned and used by the owners or occupants
of the property and their guests without remuneration.

STORY:

That portion of a building included between the surface of any floor and the surface of the floor next above
it, or if there be no floor above it, then the space between such floor and the ceiling next above it.

STREET:

An approved public or private thoroughfare having a width of thirty (30) feet or more and upon which the front
of building lots generally abuts and which affords principle means of access to abutting property.

STREET LINE:

The boundary between a street and abutting property.

STRUCTURE:

Anything constructed or erected, the use of which requires location on the ground or attachment to something
having location on the ground.

STRUCTURAL ALTERATION:

Any change in the supporting members of a building which would prolong the life or add to the permanence of a
building or structure, such as foundations, bearing walls, columns, beams, girders, floor joists or roof joists.

TAVERN:

A place where alcoholic liquors are sold at retail to the general public, and where no other kind of business
is, or businesses are, being maintained or conducted.

TOURIST COURT:

(See Automobile Court.)

TOURIST HOME:

A building in which board or lodging, or both, are offered to the traveling public for compensation, open to
transient guests, in contradistinction to a boarding house or a lodging house.

TRANSIENT:

When to define living accommodations, shall be deemed to describe such accommodations when customarily used
or furnished for a period of 48 hours or less.

TRAILER:

A residence, house car, camp car, or any portable structure or mobile vehicle, on wheels, skids, or rollers,
not structurally anchored to a foundation, either self-propelled, or propelled by an attached vehicle, animal,
person, or other propelling apparatus, which is used and may be used for residential, living or sleeping
quarters, commercial, hauling, or storage purposes, and herein referred to as a trailer. Removal of the
wheels, skids, rollers, or other equipment used for moving a trailer shall not change the meaning of the term.

TRAILER CAMP OR PARK:

Any parcel of land used in whole or in part for the parking or storage of trailers used or intended to be used
for, housekeeping, living or sleeping quarters.