ORDINANCE NO. 371

AN ORDINANCE TO PROVIDE PENALTIES FOR USING, MANUFACTURING, SELLING OR GIVING AWAY TOKENS, SLUGS, OR SPURIOUS
COINS FOR THE FRAUDULENT OPERATION OF VENDING MACHINES, COIN-BOX TELEPHONES, OR OTHER RECEPTACLES, DESIGNED
TO RECEIVE LAWFUL COINS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, IN THE SALE, USE OR ENJOYMENT OF PROPERTY OR SERVICE;
AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING
THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person who, by means of a token, slug, false or counter-
feited coin, or by any other means, method, trick or device whatsoever not lawfully authorized by the owner,
lessee, or licensee of any lawful vending machine, coin-box telephone or other receptacle designed to re-
ceive or be operated by lawful coin of the United States of America in furtherance of or in connection with
the sale, use or enjoyment of property or service, knowingly shall operate or cause to be operated, or shall
attempt to operate or attempt to cause to be operated, any vending machine, coin-box telephone or other rec-
eptable designed to receive or be operated by lawful coin of the United States of America, or whoever shall
take, obtain, accept or receive, from or by means of any such machine, coin-box telephone or other receptacle,
any article of value or other facility or service, without depositing in, delivering to and payment into
such machine, coin-box telephone or receptacle the amount of lawful coin of the United States of America
required therefor by the owner, lessee or licensee of such machine, coin-box telephone or other receptacle.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person who, with intent to cheat or defraud the owner,
lessee, licensee or other person entitled to the contents of any vending machine, coin-box telephone or
other receptacle designed to receive or be operated by lawful coin of the United States of America in fur-
therance of or in connection with the sale, use or enjoyment of property or service or the use or enjoyment
of any telephone, telegraph or other facilities or service, or whoever, knowingly or having cause to be-
lieve that the same is intended for fraudulent or unlawful use on the part of the purchaser, donee or
user thereof, shall manufacture for sale, sell or give away any token, slug, false or counterfeited coin or
any device or substance whatsoever, intended or calculated to be placed, deposited or used in any such vend-
ing machine, coin-box telephone or other receptacle.

Section 3. Any person violating the provisions of this Ordinance shall, upon conviction thereof,
be fined not more than $500.00, or be imprisoned in the City Jail for a period not to exceed six (6) months,
or be both so fined and imprisoned.

Section 4. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 5. The provisions of this ordinance shall be severable, and if any of said provisions, or
the application thereof to any person, body or circumstances, shall be held to be invalid or unconstitutional,
the remainder of this ordinance, or the application of such provision to persons, bodies or circumstances
other than those as to which it shall have been held invalid or unconstitutional, shall not be affected there-
by. It is hereby declared as the intent of the Board of Commissioners that this ordinance would have been
adopted had such invalid or unconstitutional provision, or the application thereof to persons, bodies or
circumstances as to which it shall have been held invalid and unconstitutional, not been included therein.

Section 6. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next
section provided, and final passage.

Section 7. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

/s/ C. R. Clark____________________

Mayor Pro Tem

ATTEST:

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City Commis-
sioners on the 20th day of September, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners
Baskin and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on
the 30th day of September, 1948, which the the recessed regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners;
that at said recessed regular meeting held on the 30th day of September, 1948, the proposed ordinance was
read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Mayor Cragin	APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ C. R. Clark______________

Mayor Pro Tem

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners for a
second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 22nd day of October, 1948, and passed by the
following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk