Section 8. TRANSFER. No license issued hereunder shall be transferred without the written consent
of the Board of Commissioners, and then only upon the compliance by the transferee with all of the require-
ments provided for in this ordinance as for the issuance of an original license.

Section 9. LOUD NOISES AND SPEAKING DEVICES. No peddler, nor any person in his behalf, shall
shout, make any cryout, blow a horn, ring a bell or use any sound device, including any loud speaking radio
or sound amplifying system upon any of the streets, alleys, parks or other public places of said city or
upon any private premises in the said city where sound of sufficient volume is emitted or produced therefrom
to be capable of being plainly heard upon the streets, avenues, alleys, parks, or other public places for
the purpose of attracting attention to any goods, wares or merchandise which such licensee proposes to sell.

Section 10. USE OF STREETS. No peddler shall have any exclusive right to any location in the
public streets, nor shall any be permitted a stationary location, nor shall he be permitted to operate in
any congested area where his operations might impede or inconvenience the public. For the purpose of this
ordinance, the judgment of a police officer, exercised in good faith, shall be deemed conclusive as to
whether the area is congested or the public impeded or inconvenienced.

Section 11. EXHIBITION OF LICENSE. Peddlers are required to exhibit their licenses at the
request of any citizen.

Section 12. DUTY OF POLICE TO ENFORCE. It shall be the duty of any police officer of the City
of Las Vegas to required any person seen peddling, and who is not known by such officer to be duly licensed,
to produce his peddler's license and to enforce the provisions of this ordinance against any person found
to be violating the same.

Section 13. RECORDS. The City Clerk shall deposit the record of fingerprints of licensee,
together with a license number, with the Chief of Police; the Chief of Police shall report to the City
Clark any complaints against any person licensed under the provisions of this ordinance and any convic-
tion for violation of this ordinance; the City Clerk shall keep a record of all such licenses and of such
complaints and violations.

Section 14. REVOCATION OF LICENSE.

(a)	Permits and licenses issued under the provisions of this ordinance may be revoked by the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas after notice and hearing, for any of the following causes:

(1)	Fraud, misrepresentation, or false statement in the application for license;

(2)	Fraud, misrepresentation or false statement made in the course of carrying on his business
as peddler;

(3)	Any violation of this ordinance;

(4)	Conviction of any crime or misdemeanor involving moral turpitude;

(5)	Conducting the business of peddling in an unlawful manner or in such a manner as to constitute
a breach of the peace or to constitute a menace to the health, safety, or general welfare of the public.

(b) Notice of the hearing for revocation of a license shall be given in writing, setting forth
specifically the grounds of complaint and the time and place of hearing. Such notice shall be mailed,
postage prepaid, to the licensee at his last known address at least five (5) days prior to the date set
for hearing.

Section 15. APPEAL. Any person aggrieved by the action of the Chief of Police or the City Clerk
in the denial of an application for permit or license as provided in Section 4 of this ordinance, or the
the decision with reference to the revocation of a license as provided in Section 14 of this ordinance shall
have the right of appeal to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such appeal shall be taken
by filing with the Board of Commissioners, within fourteen (lit) days after notice of the action complained
of has been mailed to such person's last known address, a written statement setting forth fully the grounds
for the appeal. The Board of Commissioners shall set a time and place for a hearing on such appeal and
notice of such hearing shall be given to the appellant in the same manner as provided in Section lit of this
ordinance for notice of hearing on revocation. The decision and order of the Board of Commissioners on such
appeal shall be final and conclusive.

Section 16. EXPIRATION OF LICENSE. The City Clerk shall not issue any license hereunder nor
accept any license fee for less than a full quarterly period, and shall issue such licenses only for the
current quarterly periods commencing January, April, July and October. All licenses issued hereunder shall
expire upon the termination of the current quarterly period during which they shall have been issued.

Section 17. Nothing in this ordinance shall apply to any farmer or producer who sells or disposes
of his own agricultural products, including fruits or vegetables, or of beef, mutton or pork, provided
said meats are produced in accordance with health regulations and ordinances, if said merchandise is produced
by him in the State of Nevada.

Section 18. PENALTY. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall, upon
conviction thereof be punished by a fine not to exceed Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00), br by imprisonment
in the City Jail not to exceed six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 19. It shall be unlawful for any peddler, selling or pretending to sell, or offering for
sale, or demonstrating goods, wares or merchandise of any kind or character, or any article, material or
substance, to ring the bell, or knock on the door of any residence, dwelling, flat or apartment whereon a
sign bearing the words "No Peddlers," or other words of similar import is painted or affixed or exposed to
public view, or to attempt to gain admittance thereto, provided, however, that the provisions of this sec-
tion shall not apply to any peddler who knocks at any door, or rings any bell at the invitation or with
the consent of some member of the household at which he so applies for admission.

Section 20. Ordinance No. 160, entitled: "AN ORDINANCE TO FIX, IMPOSE AND COLLECT A LICENSE TAX
ON HAWKERS AND PEDDLERS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; TO PROVIDE FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS FOR CONDUCTING SAID
BUSINESS; TO DEFINE THE DUTIES OF CERTAIN OFFICERS IN CONNECTION THEREWITH; TO FIX A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION