Provided, however, Occupants of premises may burn small quantities of dry rubbish on the premises such
as leaves, paper and lawn and flower cuttings, provided However in no event shall any rubbish be

burned between two hours before sundown and sunrise of the following day or in such manner or at such
place as to create a fire hazard to his own or another's property. "Rubbish" as herein defined shall
not be piled or collected or permitted to be piled or collected in any street or alley within the City.

Section 6. All "garbage" and all "rubbish" as defined in Section 1 of this ordinance is here-
by declared to be the property of the City of Las Vegas, after removal to the City Dump.

Section 7. Fees for the collection and removal of garbage and rubbish from premises within
the City of Las Vegas shall be paid by the owner of occupant of the premises, in an amount
and at the time to be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of City Commissioners,
and shall be paid to the City Clerk, who is authorized to give receipt therefor.

Section 8. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor and, upon conviction of same, shall be punished by a fine of not less than
five dollars ($5.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate
of but not exceeding two dollars ($2.00) for each day of such fine, in case such fine is not
paid, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period not to exceed thirty days, or by both
such fine and imprisonment.

Section 9. Ordinance No 216 entitled "An Ordinance defining garbage and rubbish and regulating
the collection and disposal of garbage, and rubbish in the City of Las Vegas, and matters re-
lating thereto and providing penalties for the violation of the provisions thereof and repeal-
ing certain ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith, and other matters relating
thereto". approved January 4, 1936, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 10. This Ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption,
approval and the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, and its final passage.

This Ordinance was read aloud in full for the first time, proposed, considered and voted upon
this 16th day of January, 1942.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor Mayor Garrison.

Absent: Commissioner Smith. Nayes, none.

Howell C. Garrison

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Attest; Helen Scott

City Clerk and Clerk of the
Board of City Commissioners.



(SEAL)

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting of the
Board on the 16th day of January, 1942, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted
upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal,
a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two
consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud,
to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at a regular meeting of
the Board held on the 4th day of February, 1942.

Voting Ayes: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor Mayor Garrison.

Voting Nayes: None.

Howell C. Garrison

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Attest: Helen Scott

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
City Commissioners.

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA:)

) SS

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn deposes and says: that he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation printed and published
at las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from January 21st, 1942 to January
28th 1942, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit;

January 21st - 28th.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed: Dick Lochrie.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th day
of January, 1942.

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada