(Ordinance No. 243 Continued)

For each optometrist and/or oculist holding such license, $10.00 per quarter.

(24)	For each barber shop, $5.00 per quarter for the first barber chair operated and $3.00
per quarter for each additional barber chair operated.

(25)	For the business of dealing in second hand goods, wares or merchandise of any kind,
character or description where, as a part of such transaction, a contract or agree-
ment is made, or an undertaking, verbal, written or otherwise, had with the vendor to
re-sell to him the same goods, wares or merchandise or to sell other goods, wares or
merchandise in their place or stead, then and in case of such agreement, as aforesaid,
a license tax of $50.00 per quarter shall be paid.

(26)	Every person, firm or corporation who ships into and sells in the City of Las Vegas,
any bankrupt, assigned or damaged stock of goods, wares, merchandise, drugs, jewelry,
drygoods, boots and shoes, clothing, hardware, groceries, furniture or other stock
or merchandise, shall pay a license of $300.00 per quarter or fraction thereof.

(27)	For every traveling merchant, hawker, peddler or vendor, street faker or advertiser
who advertises goods, wares or merchandise of any kind by music, singing or dancing,
jugglery, tricks, sleight of hand, buffoonery, gymnastics or any spectacular display,
show or performance, or by speeches or oratory, or by any performance upon the streets
calculated to draw a crowd of people about those calling or advertising wares, as
aforesaid, shall pay a license in the sum of $25.00 per day, and shall also secure a
permit to occupy street space as required by other ordinances of the City.

(28)	For each sewing machine agent, $10.00 per quarter.

(29) For each vulcanizing business operated as a separate business, $5.00 per quarter.

(30) For each auctioneer, $125.00 per quarter or fraction thereof.

(31)	For each Architect. $10.00 per quarter.

(32)	For each assayer, $10.00 per quarter.

(33)	For each massage parlor, $10.00 per quarter.

(34)	For each trade college, trade school, business school, or business college, where in-
structions are given in any trade or occupation for which a fee is charged, $10.00
per quarter.

(35)	For each certified public accountant or independent public accountant, $40.00 per
annum. For the purpose of this ordinance an independent public accountant is defined
as a person who does bookkeeping or accounting work for two or more persons, firms

or corporations, or who prepares or assists in preparing income tax returns for two
or more persons, firms or corporations, other than himself.

(36)	For each chiropodist, $10.00 per quarter.

(37) For each drugless practitioner, provided, however, that this subdivision shall not
apply to persons who treat the sick through prayer or spiritual means, $10.00 per
quarter.

(38)	For each chiropractor $10.00 per quarter.

(39)	For each osteopath, $10.00 per quarter.

(40)	For each advertising business or advertising counsel, $10.00 per quarter.

(41)	For each collection agency or mercantile agency, $10.00 per quarter.

(42)	For each designer or decorator, $10.00 per quarter.

(43)	For each building contractor, $60.00 per annum, paid annually.

(44)	For each person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or carrying on the business
of paving or macadamizing contractor, $50.00 per quarter.

(45)	Any other contractor not specifically licensed by this or any other ordinance of the
City of Las Vegas, $60.00 per annum, paid annually.

(46) For each cabinet shop, carpenter shop or up-holstery shop, $5.00 per quarter.

(47) For each nursery where plants, flowers, ferns, trees or other plants are cultivated,
grown or propogated for the purpose of sale, $3.00 per quarter.

(48)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of a cold storage or
refrigeration plant for the purpose of storing fruits, vegetables, meats, fish,
eggs or dairy products, or any other merchandise, shall pay a quarterly license fee
of $1.00 for each 1,000 square feet of floor area, or fraction thereof, with a min-
imum quarterly tax of $10.00.

(49)	Every person, with a fixed place of business within the City of Las Vegas, who
engages in the business of renting or selling outdoor advertising space, whether
bill board or electrical signs, shall pay a quarterly license fee of three and one-
half cents ($.03½) per square yard of the front surface with a minimum quarterly
license of $12.50.

Every person who comes into the City of Las Vegas to lease or distribute electrical
signs or place them in use by any local business person, whether by lease, sale, or
conditional sale contract, shall pay a quarterly license fee therefor in the sum of
$5.00 for each sign so placed, provided that in no event shall the minimum quarterly
license fee be less than $20.00 per quarter. And such license tax shall be required
for each and every quarter as long as the particular sign or signs in question remain
the property of such distributor or until the title to such sign shall have completely
passed to the business person in said City of Las Vegas to whom the same has been
sold or leased or with whom the same has been placed.

(50)	For each locksmith, $6.00 per quarter, which license fee shall be paid in addition
to the license tax upon any other business operated by such person, if he operates
any other business.

(51)	For each person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of house moving a
quarterly license fee of $25.00 shall be paid, and in addition thereto, he shall
maintain on deposit with the City Clerk a bond in the penal sum of $1,000 executed
by a surety company authorized to do business in the State of Nevada for the then
current year, indemnifying the City against injury or damage to pavements or other
public property, and all other persons, firms or corporations, against injury or
damage to person or property occurring while any house is being moved into, along or
off any public street. In the event of a recovery by said City or any private person,
firm or corporation on said bond, the said bond or a similar substitute shall be

 restored immediately to said penal sum of $1,000.

(52)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of house wrecking or
salvaging, shall pay a quarterly license fee of $12.50 per quarter.

(53)	Every person conducting, managing or carrying on the business of a natatorium or
swimming pool or tank, where a fee or charge is made for the use thereof, or where
rooms, lockers or bathing suits are rented in connection therewith, shall pay an
annual license fee of $50.00.

(54)	Every automobile ticket agency or transportation agency, except when conducted by
the owner of the transportation agency line, shall pay a quarterly license fee of
$7.50 per quarter. And such license fee shall be paid for such business even though