have, keep or expose for sale, or have in possession in the City of Las Vegas, the flesh of
any cattle, calves, sheep, swine, or goats, unless there has been placed thereon, by or under
the personal supervision of any inspector of the United States, or of the City of Las Vegas,
or any city, county, or state, as in this ordinance provided, a mark, stamp, or branding
showing that the same has been inspected and passed for food purposes, and if inspected by
the City of Las Vegas, having thereon enclosed in a hexagonal-shaped outline, the works
"L.V.H.D. Insp'd & Pas'd", together with the official establishment number.

Section 3. No carcass of an animal mentioned in Section 1 hereof, which has not been
 inspected and passed as herein provided, shall be possessed in the City of Las Vegas for
sale or other disposition as human food.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby empowered to designate
one or more official establishments within or adjacent to the City of Las Vegas where such
carcasses may be inspected, provided such establishments comply with the sanitary require-
ments established from time to time by the City Board of Health, either by an inspector
appointed under the provisions of this act, or by a regular veterinary inspector acting for
the United States under its Meat Inspection Laws.

After receipt in an official establishment every such animal shall be slaughtered
and the carcass inspected and unless found free from disease, and otherwise sound, health-
ful and wholesome and fit for human food, it shall be marked "L.V.H.D. Ins'p & Condemned"
and destroyed for food purposes as herein provided in the regulations referred to in
Section 1 thereof. If found to be free from disease and otherwise sound, healthful and
wholesome and fit for human food, it shall be marked: "L.V. H.D. Ins'p & Pas'd". If inspect-
ion takes place in an official establishment where a regular United States Inspector is
maintained, then the rules and regulations of the United States meat inspection laws
shall apply.

Section 4. The City Council shall appoint, by majority vote, one or more inspectors
to enforce this Ordinance, and shall adopt rules and regulations for its employees here-
under. The inspectors appointed under the provisions of this act shall be qualified grad-
uate veterinarians.

Section 5. The fees for all carcass inspections by inspectors appointed under the
provisions of this Ordinance shall be paid to the inspector or inspectors for the City of
Las Vegas by the person, firm, or corporation for which such inspection has been furnished
as follows:

(1)	If the inspection be furnished continuously so as to require all of the time of
the inspector, said fee shall be One Hundred Fifty ($150.00) dollars per month, during
which such inspection shall have been furnished; said inspector shall furnish his own means
of transportation and shall report at place of business at 7 o'clock A.M., and shall be
there continuously until 4 o'clock P.M.

(2)	Fees for inspection to be paid by the owner of the animal shall be as follows:
for the carcass of each sheep, goat, swine, or calk, Twenty-five Cents (25¢); for the car-
cass of each beef Fifty Cents (50¢). Payment of said fees to be made at the time of in-
spection.

(3)	All fees paid the inspector shall be retained by him as and for his compensation;
provided if the fees in any one month amount to more than the sum of One Hundred Fifty
($150.00) Dollars, the surplus fees shall be paid to the City Clerk. No portion of said com-
pensation or fees shall be a charge against the City.

Section 6. No carcass inspections shall be made between the hours of 6 P.M. and 6 A.M.
dr on Sundays and Holidays. In establishments where slaughtering is not carried on continuously
 the inspector shall be notified of the intent to slaughter at least forty-eight
hours before his services will be required.

Section 7. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, or corporation, except by the
inspectors herein provided for, to have in possession, keep, or use any mark, stamp, or
brand provided for or used for marking, stamping, or branding as inspected and passed any
article herein required to be so marked, stamped, or branded. It shall be unlawful for any
person, firm, or corporation to have in possession, keep, make or use any mark, stamp or
brand having thereon a device or words similar in character or import to the marks, stamps
or brands provided or used for marking, stamping or branding such articles, denoting that
the same has been inspected and passed.

Section 8. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall appoint one or
more inspectors, whose duty it shall be, and they are hereby empowered, to enter any place
where meat or flesh of any animal mentioned in this Ordinance, or the products hereof, may
be slaughtered, stored, held, kept, exposed or offered for sale for human food, and also
every establishment where meat is manufactured into articles of food or preserved, cured,
canned or otherwise prepared for food, and inspect the same, and whenever such animal or
animals, meat or flesh shall, upon inspection and examination, be found not marked, stamped
or branded, showing that the same has been passed for food purposes, as in this Ordinance
provided, the said inspectors shall condemn the same as unfit fir human food, and shall
mark and mutilate the same and make the fact of such condemnation apparent, and shall im-
mediately order the same to be removed and destroyed in the same manner and under the same
terms and conditions and according to the same regulations as provided for the removal and
destruction of other condemned foods under the State or United States Pure Food Laws.

Section 9. It shall be the duty of the inspectors in determining what constitutes
diseased and unwholesome meats unfit for human consumption, to be guided by the specifi-
cations contained in the regulations of the Bureau of Animal Industry of the United States
Department of Agriculture governing the inspectors of meats.

Section 10. Each inspector shall be furnished with a numbered official badge, which
he shall not allow to leave his possession and which he shall wear in such manner and at