(b)	From Tenth Street to Main Street - ten (10) feet from the street line or fifty (50) feet from
the center-line on each side thereof.

(c)	From Main Street to one thousand (1000) feet West of the intersection with the Union Pacific
Railroad tracks, seventy-five (75) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

(d)	From one thousand (1000) feet West of the intersection with the Union Pacific Railroad tracks
to Rose Street, ten (10) feet from the street line or fifty (50) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

(e)	From Rose Street (Rancho Road portion ) to Bonanza Road, seventy-five (75) feet from the
center-line on each side thereof.

(f) From the Rancho Road intersection, westerly, to West City boundary, fifty (50) feet from the
center-line on each side thereof.

5.	BONANZA ROAD:

(a)	From the Westerly end of the grade separation at Union Pacific Railroad tracks to the inter-
section with Rancho Road, forty (40) feet from the center-line on each side thereof.

(b)	From the intersection with Rancho Road to the North city boundary, seventy-five (75) feet
from the center-line on each side thereof.

6.	MARYLAND PARKWAY (Twelfth Street):

(a)	From Oakey Boulevard to the South City boundary, fifty (50) feet from the present center-line
projected southerly, on each side thereof.

(b)	From Charleston Boulevard to the South property line of the Kelso-Turner Housing Project,
fifty (50) feet from the present center-line on each side thereof.

(c) From the South line of Section 26, T 20 S, R 61 E, M.D.B. and M., to the North line of said
Section 26, fifty (50) feet from the north-south one-quarter (¼) line on each side thereof.

SECTION XXI: VARIANCES, ADJUSTMENTS AND APPEALS:

A.	The Governing Body may in special or exceptional cases and under appropriate conditions and
safeguards, vary the strict application of this Ordinance in harmony with its general purposes and intent,
in accordance with rules and conditions set forth herein for the granting of variances and adjustments as
provided in this Ordinance.

B.	An application for any permissible variance or adjustment of regulation as provided herein, shall
be made to the Planning Commission in the form of a written application, such form to be know as "Application
for Variance." Said application shall be filed with the office of the Planning Commission and shall be made
upon forms provided by said Commission, and shall be verified by the owner of the lot or parcel of land con-
cerned in the application. The application for variance shall set forth the following information, facts,
and exhibits all of which shall be maintained in the permanent files of the Planning Commission;

1.	The provisions or regulations of this ordinance from which the property or building is sought to
be excepted.

2.	A legal description of the property involved.

3.	Ground plans showing the location of all existing or proposed building, and elevations of all
proposed buildings or alteration to buildings in sufficient detail to meet the requirements of
the Planning Commission and photographs when necessary.

4. Evidence of the ability and intention of the applicant to proceed with the actual construction
work in accordance with plans within six (6) months after the effective date of the variance.

C.	The applicant shall present a statement and adequate evidence as part of said application show-
certain condition as and facts to be established. Such statement and evidence shall show;

1.	That there are special, exceptional or extraordinary circumstances or conditions applying to the
property or to the intended use of the property under consideration which male compliance with
the provisions of the Ordinance difficult and a cause of hardship to, and abridgement of property

rights of, the owner of said property.

2.	That such circumstances or conditions do not apply generally to other properties in the same Land
Use District.

3.	That the granting of the variance is necessary to do substantial justice to the applicant for
variance or the owner of the property under consideration.

4.	That the granting of the variance will not result in material damage or prejudice to other pro-
perties in the vicinity, nor be detrimental to the public health, safety or welfare.

5. The signature of not less than seventy-five (75) percent of the property owners within three
hundred (300) feet of any and all portions of the premises to be so used certifying that said owners have
no objection to the establishment of the use applied for.

6.	That the granting of the variance will not adversely effect any Master Plan of the City.

D.	The Planning Commission is authorized to make a uniform charge of twenty-five ($25.00) dollars,
payable to the City Clerk, to partially cover the cost of making maps, sending out notices, and other inci-
dental administrative expenses involved in any application for a variance or adjustment, said charge being
due and payable at the time of filing said application. The Planning Commission may designate its Planning
Engineer as its agent to receive and inspect any application for variance at the time of filing. When it has
been ascertained that such an application is in proper order and complies with the requirements of this Ord-
inance such application shall be approved for filing. No such application shall be filed unless it complies with
the requirements of this Ordinance.