E.	Side Yard Required:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building not less than ten (10) percent of the
width of the lot, but such a side yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet and shall not be less than five
(5) feet in width.

F.	Rear Yard Required:

There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty-five (25) percent of the average depth of the lot,
but such rear yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet.

SECTION XI: R-2 (TWO-FAMILY RESIDENCE) DISTRICT REGULATIONS.

A.	Uses Permitted:

1.	All uses permitted in the R-1 district, subject to the securing of a use permit as provided in

Section XXII of this ordinance, for any use for which a use permit is required in such District.

2.	Two-family dwellings of permanent character placed in permanent locations.

B.	Building Height Limit:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	Building Site Area Required:

The minimum building site area shall be one (1) lot or parcel of land seven thousand (7,000)
square feet in area, provided however, that on each additional three thousand, five hundred (3,500) square
feet of area one (1) additional single-family dwelling may be erected, but in no case shall a lot having an
area of less than three thousand, five hundred (3,500) square feet be used as a building site for more than
one (1) single-family dwelling.

D.	Front Yard Required:

No building shall be erected closer than twenty-five (25) feet to either the front property
line of the building site or the line of any future street as provided in Section XX or as shown upon any
official street plan, or Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas.

E.	Side Yard Required:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten (10) percent of the
width of the lot, but such side yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet and shall not be less than five
(5) feet in width. In case the dwelling or dwelling units are so located on the lot that the rears thereof
abut upon one side yard and the fronts thereof abut upon the other side yard (i.e., in a single row. "side to
side" arrangement), the side yard to the rear thereof shall have a width of not less than eight (8) feet,
and the side yard to the fronts thereof shall have a width of not less than twelve (12) feet.

F.	Rear Yard Required.

There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty-five (25) percent of the average depth of the
lot, but such rear yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet.

G.	Distance Between Buildings:

No detached dwelling, or other main building, shall be less than twenty (20) feet from any
other detached dwelling or main building on the same building site.

SECTION XII: R-3 (LIMITED MULTIPLE RESIDENCE) DISTRICT

A.	Uses Permitted:

1.	All uses permitted in the R-1 and R-2 Districts subject to the securing of a use permit as
provided in Section XXII of this Ordinance, for any use for which a use permit is required
in such districts.

2.	Multiple dwellings, bungalow courts, and dwelling groups.

B.	Building Height Limit:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	Building Site Area Required:

The minimum building site area shall be one (1) lot or parcel of land seven thousand (7,000)
square feet in area. The minimum building site area per dwelling unit shall be seven thousand
(7,000) square feet for one-family dwellings; thirty-five hundred (3500) square feet for two-
family dwellings; and in no case shall a multiple dwelling or dwelling group occupy a site which
provides less than seventeen-hundred and fifty (1750) square feet of land area per family or
dwelling unit.

D.	Front Yard Required:

No building shall be erected closer than twenty (20) feet to either the front property line
of the building site or the line of any future street as provided in Section XX or as shown upon any offi-
cial Street Plan.

E.	Side Yard Required:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten (10) percent of the
width of the lot, but such side yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet and shall not be less than five
(5) feet in width.

F.	Rear Yard Required:

There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty (20) feet in depth.