That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the legal charge for publishing the same was $42.30.

Signed C.P. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
16th day of March 1934.

C.D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires May 26, 1935.

(Notarial Seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 207.

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SUBDIVISIONS (11) and (14) OF SECTION 1, SECTION 6, SECTION 8,

AND SECTION 16 AS EMENDED, OF ORDINANCE NO. 203 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED: "AN
ORDINANCE REGULATING THE DISTRIBUTION AND CONTROL OF INTOXICATING AND ALCOHOLIC LIQUORS AND
BEVERAGES; REGULATING PLACES WHERE AND UNDER WHAT CONDITIONS SAID INTOXICATING AND ALCO-
HOLIC LIQUORS AND BEVERAGES MAY BE KEPT, SOLD, GIVEN AWAY OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED; PRO-
VIDING FOR PERMITS AND LICENSES; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE;

AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Subdivision (11) of Section 1 of Ordinance No. 203 is hereby amended to
read as follows:

(11) the word "cabaret" means a place for the entertainment of guests, and where
meals and beverages or alcoholic liquors are served or sold at retail, at tables only,
and not at or over a bar.

Section 2. Subdivision (14) of Section 1 of Ordinance No. 203 is hereby amended to read
as follows:

(14) A "retail liquor establishment" is defined to be a place where alcoholic liquors
and beverages are sold, served, or otherwise distributed, in quantities not exceeding
four and nine-tenths (419) gallons to the same person or for the same persons use at any
one time; provided that drug stores and retail liquor establishments shall not sell or
distribute at any one time to any one person spirituous liquors in quantities less than one
pint or sixteen fluid ounces.

Section 3. Section 6 of Ordinance No. 203, is hereby amended to read as follows;

Section 6. Drug stores for the sale or distribution of alcoholic liquors may be main-
tained anywhere within the limits of said City except as prohibited by subdivision (6) of
Section 18 of this Ordinance. Any spirituous liquor sold therein shall be sold in the or-
iginal container as received from the distiller or wholesaler, and not consumed on the
premises.

Section 4. Section 8 of Ordinance No. 203 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 8. Cabarets for the sale of beverages or alcoholic liquors shall be maintained
only in such place or places as may in the discretion of the Board, be specifically des-
ignated at the time application for a license therefor is made.

Section 5. Section 16 of Ordinance No. 203 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 16. The rates for licenses provided for in this ordinance shall be, and
the same are fixed and established, and the same shall be paid in advance by all persons
receiving such licenses respectively as follows:

(1)	For a wholesale liquor license, the sum of $75.00 per quarter.

(2)	For a wholesale beverage license, the sum of $25.00 per quarter.

(3) For a tavern license, the sum of $250.00 per quarter.

(4) For a club liquor license, the sum of $50.00 per quarter.

(5) For a restaurant beverage license, the sum of $100.00 per quarter.

(6)	For a cabaret license, selling beverages only, the sum of $125.00 per quarter.

(7)	For a cabaret liquor license, the sum of $300.00 per quarter.

(8)	For a retail liquor establishment to be maintained only in the zone designated
in Section 4, or a drug store, for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in original con-
tainers as received from the distiller or wholesaler, not to be consumed on the premises,
selling spirituous liquors in quantities not exceeding one quart or thirty-two (32)
fluid ounces, wines in quantities of not more than one gallon, or beer in quantities of
not more than one case or twenty-four (24) pints, the sum of $50.00 per quarter:

(9) For a retail liquor establishment to be maintained only in the zone designated
in Section 4, or a drug store, for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in original con-
tainers as received from the distiller or wholesaler, not to be consumed on the premises, in
quantities not exceeding four and nine-tenths (4.9) gallons to the same person or for the
same person's use at any one time, the sum of $125.00 per quarter;

(10) For a retail beverage license for the sale of beverages containing not more
than five and one-half per cent (5½%) of alcohol by weight, the sum of $10.00 per quarter;

(11)	For a retail beverage license for the sale of beverages containing not more than
twenty per cent (20%) of alcohol by weight, to be sold or distributed in the original
containers as received from the distiller or wholesaler, not to be consumed on the premises
the sum of $30.00 per quarter.

In addition to the foregoing license tax there shall be paid by wholesale and
retail beverage licensees an excise tax of four cents (4¢) per gallon or fraction thereof
on any beer authorized or permitted by this ordinance, sold, served, distributed or given
away. Said tax to be paid and collected as in Ordinance No. 198 provided.

Section 6. This ordinance shall take effect April 1, 1934; and this ordinance is
passed as an emergency ordinance.