and which may include parts of or a combination of such lots, when adjacent to one another, providing such
grounds are uses for one improvement. All lots shall front on or have ingress and egress by means of an
officially approved public right of way or place.

LOT AREA:

The total horizontal area within the lot lines of a lot.

LOT, CORNER:

A lot not greater than seventy-five (75) feet in width situated at the intersection of two or more streets, or
bounded on two or more adjacent sides by street lines.

LOT, FRONT OF:

The front of a lot shall be considered to be that side of the lot which fronts on a street. In the case of a
corner lot, the narrow side fronting on the street shall be considered to be the front of the lot. In the
case a comer lot has equal frontage on two (2) streets, or in the case of a through lot, the lot shall be
considered to front on that street which the greatest number of buildings have been erected on that side of the
street within the same block, except in those cases where the latest deed restrictions or record map of a
tract specify another side or both sides as the front or fronts of such lot.

LOT. INTERIOR:

A lot other than a comer lot.

LOT LINES:

The boundary of a lot as defined herein.

LOT. THROUGH:

An interior lot having frontage on two (2) parallel or approximately parallel streets.

NON-CONFORMING USE:

A building structure or land lawfully occupied at the time this Ordinance became effective by a use that does
not conform with the use regulations of the district in which it is located.

OUTDOOR ADVERTISING:

(See Advertising.)

PARKING AREA. PUBLIC:

An open area, other than a street, alley, place or any public right of way, used for the temporary parking of
more than four (4) automobiles and available for public use whether free, for compensation or as an accom-
modation for clients or customers.

PARKING SPACE. AUTOMOBILE:

Space within a building or public parking area exclusive of driveways, ramps, columns, offices or work areas,
for the temporary parking or storage of one (1) automobile.

PLACE:

An open, unoccupied public or private space other than a street or alley, permanently reserved and permitting
joint access to abutting property.

PROFESSIONAL OFFICE:

A building of more or less residential but not commercial character, and containing one or more offices, in
which or where there is no display of nor stock or wares in trade nor commodity sold nor any commercial use
conducted other than the professional service as herein defined. For the purpose of this Ordinance, Pro-
fessional Office shall include the office of a doctor, dentist, lawyer, architect, engineer, minister of
religion, insurance agent, realtor or similar professions or professional services, but shall not include
barber shopes, beauty parlors nor similar services nor general business offices.

RANCH ESTATE:

A one-family dwelling having a building site of not less than one (1) acre together with such agricultural
and accessory uses as are permitted.

RESIDENCE:

(See Dwelling.)

RESIDENCE ESTATE:

A one-family dwelling having a building site of not less than one-half (½) an acre together with such agri-
cultural and accessory uses as are permitted.

REST HOME:

A building of residential character in which aged, infirm or other persons recuperating from medical or
surgical treatment are housed, but not a hospital, sanitarium or clinic.

ROOMING HOUSE:

(See Lodging House.)