The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners for a
second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 6th day of August, 1948, and passed by the
following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent: Commissioner Baskin

APPROVED:

/s/ E. W. Cragin

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Cleric

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

) ss

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING
REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period
of two weeks from July 28, 1948 to August 4th, 1948 inclusive be in the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: July 28 - August 4th. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated
on each of the dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie	

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th day of August, 1948

/s/ A. E. Cahlan_____________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

—ooOOOOOoo—

ORDINANCE NO. 359

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS REGULATING THE APPEARANCE OF MINORS ON THE PUBLIC STREETS, AVENUES,
ALLEYS AND OTHER PUBLIC PLACES WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; PRESCRIBING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF
ANY OF THE PROVISIONS HEREOF; REPEALING ORDINANCES NO. 9 AND 21, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDIN-
ANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any child under the age of sixteen (16) years, without
being on any lawful business or engaged in any lawful occupation, not accompanied by its partents or
guardian or other adult person having legal care, custody and control of said child, to loiter, wander
or stroll or be upon, in or about any of the public streets, avenues, alleys or other public places in
the City of Las Vegas, at any time between the hours of ten (10:00) P. M. Sunday through Thursday, both
inclusive, and five (5:00) A. M. of the succeeding day, and between the hours of twelve (12:00) midnight
on Friday and Saturday and five (5:00) A. M. of the succeeding day; provided, however, that upon the
written request of the principal or superintendent of any high school in Clark County, Nevada, to the
Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, said Chief of Police of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, shall be empowered, after first having given notice by publication
in a newspaper of general circulation, to extend the curfew on special occasions to one (1:00) A. M.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any parent, guardian or other person having legal care,
custody and control of any child under the age of sixteen (16) years to allow or permit such child or
ward to loiter, wander or stroll or be upon, in or about any of the public streets, avenues, alleys
or other public places in the City of Las Vegas, not accompanied by such parent, guardian or other
person having legal care, custody and control of such child, at any time between the hours of ten
(10:00) P.M. Sunday through Thursday, both inclusive, and five (5:00) A.M. of the succeeding day, and
between the hours of twelve (12:00) midnight on Friday and Saturday and five (5:00) A.M. on the suc-
ceeding day; provided, however, that upon the written request of the principal or superintendent of any
high school in Clark County, Nevada, to the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada, said Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, shall be empowered, after
first having given notice by publication in a newspaper of general circulation, to extend the curfew
on special occasions to one (1:00) A.M.

Section 3. It is hereby made and declared to be the duty of every peace officer of the City
of Las Vegas, and/or County of Clark, State of Nevada, to enforce or cause to be enforced each and all
of the provisions of this ordinance. Any peace officer finding or observing any child under the age
of sixteen (16) years not accompanied by its parent, guardian or other adult person having legal
custody and control of such child, loitering, wandering, strolling or being upon, in or about any
public streets, avenues, alleys or other public places in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, contrary to or in violation of the provisions of this ordinance, shall take said child to
the home or place of abode of its partents or guardian, or, in the event, after the exercise of due
diligence, the home of said minor child cannot be located, then said officer shall take said child to
the Clark County Juvenile Home. Said peace officer shall immediately thereafter make a full and com-
plete report in writing in duplicate of said violation, transmitting one copy to the office of the
Juvenile Probation Officer, Clark County, Nevada, and another copy to the Juvenile Judge of the
Eighth Judicial District Court in and for Clark County, Nevada.