said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, designated Police Station Bonds, 1947, Series A, in the aggre-
gate principal amount of $125,000, bearing interest at a rate of not exceeding three per
centum per annum.

Section 3. That the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized and
directed to have said police station bonds prepared in the aggregate principal amount of
$125,000.

The proceeds from the sale of said bonds shall be used for the purpose of retiring
the $125,000 emergency loan of said City heretofore issued for the purpose of completing the
construction of the police station in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 4. That for the purpose of providing funds as aforesaid, the city of Las
Vegas on behalf of said City and upon the credit thereof shall issue the negotiable coupon
bonds of said City in the aggregate principal amount of $125,000, consisting of 125 bonds
in the denomination of $1,000 each, numbered from 1 to 125, both inclusive, bearing date as
of the first day of October, 1947, bearing interest at a rate of not exceeding three per
cent per annum, payable semi-annually on the first days of April and October in each year,
as evidenced by interest coupons attached to said bonds, both principal and interest being
payable in lawful money of the United States of America at the office of the City Treasurer
of the City of Las Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada. Said bonds shall mature serially in regular
numerical order, $11,000 on October 1, 1948, and $6,000 on October 1st in each of the years
1949 to 1967, both inclusive,

Bonds numbered 36 to 125, both inclusive, maturing on and after October 1, 1953,
are subject to redemption in inverse numerical order at the option of the City of Las Vegas
on the first day of October, 1952, or on any interest payment date thereafter prior to
maturity at a price equal to the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the
redemption date. Notice of redemption shall be given by the County Treasurer of Clark
County, Nevada, as Ex-Officio Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas in the name of the City
of Las Vegas by publication of said notice at least once in each calendar week on any day
of the week for at least four successive weeks prior to the redemption date in a newspaper
of general circulation in the City of Las Vegas and a copy of such notice shall be sent by
registered mail at least thirty days prior to the redemption date to the purchaser or
purchasers of said bonds. Such notice shall specify the number or numbers of the bonds to
be so redeemed (if less than all are to be redeemed) and the date fixed for redemption, and
shall further state that on such redemption date there will become and be due and payable
upon each bond so to be redeemed at the office of the City Treasurer the principal amount
thereof with accrued interest to the redemption date, and that from and after such date,
interest will cease to accrue. Notice having been given in the manner hereinbefore provided,
the bond or bonds so called for redemption shall become due and payable on the redemption
date so designated and upon presentation thereof at the office of the City Treasurer, to-
gether with all appurtenant coupons maturing subsequent to the redemption date the City
of Las Vegas will pay the bond or bonds so called for redemption.

Section 5. Said bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the city of Las Vegas, shall
be attested by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas under the seal of said city, and
shall be countersigned by the County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, as Ex-officio
City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas. The coupons attached to said bonds shall bear
the facsimile signature of said City treasurer which officer by the execution of said
bonds shall adopt as and for his signature the facsimile thereof appearing on said coupons.



Section 6. That said bonds and the coupons attached thereto shall be in substantially
the following form:

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS

POLICE STATION BONDS, 1947, SERIES A

No.______ $1,000.00

The City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Nevada, acknowledges itself
indebted and hereby promises to pay to Dearer thereof the sum of

ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($1,000)

on the first day of October, A. D., 19   , with interest thereon at the rate of _______per

cent per annum, payable semi-annually on the first days of April and October in each year,
both principal and interest being payable in lawful money of the United States of America at
the office of the City Treasurer in Las Vegas, Nevada, upon presentation and surrender of
the annexed coupons and of this bond as they severally become due.

This bond is issued by the City of Las Vegas upon behalf of said City and upon the
credit thereof for the purpose of securing funds to finance the payment of an emergency
loan for the completion of the construction of the city police station, pursuant to the
powers vested in the City and its Board of Commissioners under the Charter of the City and
the general laws of the State of Nevada.

*(This bond is subject to redemption at the option of the City of Las Vegas on the
first day of October, 1952, or on any interest payment date thereafter at a price equal to the
principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption date. Redemption shall be
made upon not less than thirty days' prior notice by publication in a newspaper of general
circulation in the City of Las Vegas in the manner and upon the conditions provided in the
ordinance authorizing the issuance of this bond.)

It is hereby certified and recited that all of the requirements of law have been
fully complied with by the officers of said City in the issuance of this bond; that the
total indebtedness of said City, including that of this bond, does not exceed any limit of
indebtedness prescribed by the constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, nor by the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and that provision has been made for the levy and col-
lection of annual taxes sufficient to pay the interest on and the principal of this bond when
the same becomes due.