intended by this ordinance to interfere with or abrogate or annul any easement, private covenants, deed
restrictions or other agreement between parties; provided, however, that in cases in which this ordinance
imposes a greater restriction upon use of land, the erection, construction, establishment, moving, alteration,
or enlargement of buildings or the use of any such building or premises in said several districts or any of
them upon the height and bulk of buildings, or requires larger yards, courts or other open spaces, them is
imposed or required by such existing provisions of law or ordinance or by such rules, regulations or permits,
or by such easements, private covenants, deed restrictions or agreements, then in such cases the provisions
of this ordinance shall prevail and control. Private covenants or deed restrictions which impose conditions
more restrictive than those imposed by this ordinance or which impose restrictions not covered by this
ordinance are not superseded by this ordinance.

SECTION VII. EXISTING USES.

A.	Any otherwise lawful use of land, structures, buildings or premises existing at the time of this
Ordinance becomes effective, but not conforming to the provisions hereof, may be continued, provided;

1.	That if such non-conforming use is discontinued or abandoned, the use of such land thereafter
shall be subject to the provisions of this Ordinance.

2.	That no building used for such non-conforming use shall be added to, structurally altered or
enlarged in any manner, except as required by any other ordinance of the City or County or by State
Law, or in order to bring the building and its use into full conformity with the provisions of this
Ordinance pertaining to buildings hereafter constructed; nor shall anything be done that would in-
fluence the longevity or perpetuation of such non-conforming use or building beyond the normal or
reasonable period of time that the same would normally exist under the conditions prevailing at the
effective date of this Ordinance.

3.	That no non-conforming use occupying a conforming building or portion thereof, or occupying any
land shall be enlarged or extended into any other portion of said building not actually so occupied
at the effective date of this Ordinance.

4.	That the re-establishment of a discontinued non-conforming use of a building may be permitted
within one (1) year of such discontinuance;

B.	Any building or portion thereof in existence prior effective date of this Ordinance which is
specifically designed or arranged to be lawfully occupied or used in a manner not conforming to the pro-
visions of this Ordinance, may thereafter be so occupied or used, subject to the limitations hereinabove set
forth for existing non-conforming uses. The term "in existence" shall include, for the purposes of this
section only, any building under actual construction at said date, provided such building be completed within
one (1) year from said date.

C.	No building which has been damaged or partially destroyed to the extent of more than fifty per
cent (50%) of its value shall be repaired, moved, or altered except in conformity with the provisions of this
Ordinance pertaining to buildings hereafter erected.

D.	The provisions of this section shall apply to uses which become non-conforming by reasons of any
amendment to this Ordinance, as of the effective date of such amendment.

E.	Regardless of any other provision of this ordinance, any junk yard, as defined in this ordinance
which, after the adoption of this ordinance, exists as a non-conforming use, is hereby declared to be a
public nuisance, and shall be abated, removed or changed to a conforming use within one (1) year from and
after the date of the adoption of this ordinance.

SECTION VIII. RA (RANCH ESTATE) DISTRICT REGULATIONS.

A.	Uses permitted:

1.	One-family dwellings of a permanent character, placed in a permanent location, containing not
more than one (1) kitchen, and used by but one family.

2.	The following light agricultural uses:

(a)	Field crops, truck gardening, berry or bush crops, tree crops, flower gardening, nurseries,
greenhouses, orchards, aviaries, apiaries.

(b)	Farms devoted to the hatching, raising and marketing of chickens, turkeys, or other poultry,
fowl, rabbits, fish, frogs; provided, however, that no killing or dressing of poultry or rabbits
shall be permitted other than the poultry or rabbits raised on the premises and that such killing
or dressing is done in an accessory building.

(c)	Sale of any of the products of any of the aforementioned permitted uses upon the premises
upon which such products are produced; provided, that no permanent or commercial building shall
be constructed primarily for such sale.

(d)	Small Livestock Farming, the keeping, breeding and raising of domestic animals as an inci-
dental use, but not for commercial purposes.

3.	Uses suctomarily incidental to any of the above uses, including home occupations or the office
of a physician, dentist, minister of religion or other similar profession, provided (a) that
such office is situated in the same dwelling unit as the home of the occupant; (b) that such

office shall not be used for the general practice of medicine, surgery, dentistry, but may be used for con-
sultation and emergency treatment as an adjunct to a principal office; and (c) that there shall be no
assistants employed.

4.	Accessory buildings, including a private garage, accessory living quarters, guest house, re-
creation room, a detached stable, barn, corral, pen, coop, kennel, poultry or rabbit killing and dressing room,
or other similar structure, when located not less than one hundred (100) feet from the front lot line nor
less than twenty-five (25) feet from any other lot line nor closer than twenty (20) feet to any dwelling on
the same lot, Accessory living quarters, guest house or a recreation room may be erected above a private
garage in accordance with the provisions of this ordinance.

5.	Name Plates & Signs: One name plate for each swelling unit, not exceeding three (3) square feet
in area, indicating the name of the occupant or permitted occupation; one single or double-faced sign not
exceeding twelve (12) square feet in area and located not nearer than ten (10) feet to any street or