State of Nevada for the number of cars operated as herein provided.

Section 4. Presentation to the Board of City Commissioners- It shall be the duty of
the City Clerk to present the application and evidence of insurance as herein provided, to
the Board of City Commissioners at its first meeting subsequent to she filing; and the
Board of City Commissioners shall thereupon grant such license when it appears that all
the terms, conditions and provisions of this ordinance made and prescribed have been met
and fully complied with; and the Board of City Commissioners shall, before granting said
license, approve or modify, and approve as modified, the operating schedule and tariff of
fares; and the acceptance of such license shall be deemed an agreement by the person to whom
it is granted to operate his vehicle, or vehicles upon said schedule, and for the said
fares; and for failure so to do the license which may be in force shall be subject to
revocation.

Section 5. City Clerk to Issue Licenses - Upon the Board of City Commissioners granting
the license as hereinbefore provided, the City Clerk shall issue the same, upon the payment
in advance, or a license tax, as follows:

For each vehicle capable of seating not more than seven (7) passengers, the sum of
Five ($5.00) Dollars per quarter.

For each vehicle capable of seating not more than twelve  (12) passengers, the sum of
Ten ($10.00) per quarter.

For each vehicle capable of seating not more than Twenty (20) passengers the sum of
Fifteen ($15.00) per quarter.

Section 6. Maintenance of Security - If, at any time, in the judgement of the Board
of City Commissioners, the policy, or policies, of insurance, as herein provided, are not
sufficient for any cause, the Board of City Commissioners may require the person to whom
the license was issued to replace said policy of insurance satisfactory to the Board of
City Commissioners, and in default hereof, said license may be revoked.

Section 7. Certain acts Unlawful - It shall be unlawful:

(a)	To operate a vehicle, as herein defined, within the City of Las Vegas without
first obtaining a license, provided the security as herein provided, and paid the pre-
scribed tax therefor, as in this ordinance provided:

(b)	To fail to display the state, county or city license number of such vehicle.

(c)	To permit passengers to ride on the running boards or sit upon the doors of such
vehicle, and to permit more than one person to ride with the operator or chauffeur;

(d)	To operate any vehicle at a rate of speed in excess of that fixed by the laws
of the State of Nevada and the ordinances of the City of Las Vegas;

(e)	To fail to come to a full stop within twenty-five (25) feet of the nearest rail
of any steam railroad when approaching the same, and to proceed across said railroad track
without first determining that no engine, car, or train is approaching in the direction

of said vehicle.

(f)	The alter the seating capacity of any vehicle so as to make the seating capacity
thereof greater than is provided for by the license under which it is operated, without
the consent of the Board of City Commissioners:

(g) To, fail, refuse or neglect to operate such vehicle in accordance with the de-
signated tariff or fares and during the hours set forth in the application made for such
vehicle license, except on Sundays and a reasonable time for going to and from meals, and
in case of accidents, break-downs, or other casualties, or upon the surrender of said
license.

Section 9. Revocation of License - Any license issued hereunder may be revoked by
the Board of City Commissioners for any violation of the provisions of this ordinance for
the failure to pay any judgement for damages arising from the unlawful or negligent operation
of the vehicle for which such license was issued, or for violation of the traffic ordinances
of the City of Las Vegas, or any law of the State of Nevada, now or hereafter to be in
force and effect.

Section 10. Provisions Separable - The holding or adjustication of any section or
sections of this ordinance to be invalid shall not effect the remaining sections thereof,
but all other such sections shall remain and be in full force and effect.

Section 11. Penalty - Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon the conviction thereof shall be fined
in any sum not exceeding Three Hundred ($300.00) Dollars or by imprisonment in the City
jail of the City of Las Vegas for not more than one hundred fifty
(150) days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 12. Separate Offences - Each and every day's violation of the provisions of
this ordinance by any operator, chauffeur or owner of any vehicle shall constitute a
separate and distinct offence.

Section 13. Repealing Clause - All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
with this ordinance shall be and the same are, hereby repealed, and particularly Ordin-
ance No. 100.

-