the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption date. Redemption shall be
made upon not less than thirty days prior notice by publication in a newspaper of general cir-
culation in the City of Las Vegas in the manner and upon the conditions provided in the ordinance
authorizing the issuance of this bond).

This bond is one of a series of bonds of like tenorissued by the City of Las Vegas for
the purpose of financing, the purchase, extension and improvement of a sewer system for the use
of the City of Las Vegas and its inhabitants, and for defraying the cost thereof under the
authority of the Charter of said City, the laws of the State of Nevada and an ordinance duly
enacted pursuant thereto by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. It
is hereby certified and warranted that the issuance of this bond has been authorized by the
electors of the City of Las Vegas qualified to vote on the question at a special bond election
held in said City on the 6th day of May, 1947.

It is hereby certified that all acts and things required to be done and all conditions
and things required to exist precedent to and in the issuance of this bond to render the same
lawful and valid have happened, been done and performed and do exist in regular and due form
in every manner as required by law, and that the total indebtedness of the City of Las Vegas,
including the indebtedness evidenced by this bond, does not exceed the statutory or consti-
tutional limitations under the constitution and laws of the State of Nevada and the Charter of
the City of Las Vegas, and it is further certified and recited that provision has been made for
the levy and collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay the interest on this bond and to dis-
charge the principal thereof when and as the same severally become due.

The full faith and credit of the City of Las Vegas are hereby pledged for the
punctual payment of the principal and interest upon this bond.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas has caused this bond to be signed by its
Mayor, countersigned by its City Treasurer and attested and countersigned by its City Clerk,
under the seal of the City of Las Vegas, all as of the first day of July, 1949.

Mayor

(SEAL)	Counter signed:

Attested and

Countersigned:		.......

City Treasurer

City Clerk

*( To be inserted in bonds numbered 81 to 350, both inclusive, maturing on and after
July 1, 1955).

(Form of Coupon)

No. __________ $15.00

On the first days of July, A.D., 19	, *(unless the bond to which this coupon

is attached has been called for prior redemption), the City of Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark and State of Nevada, will pay to bearer the sum of

FIFTEEN AND NO/100 DOLLARS

at the office of the City Treasurer in Las Vegas, Nevada, in lawful money of the United States
of America, being six months' interest on its Sewer Bond, Series July 1, 1949,

No. __________.

(Facsimile Signature)

Mayor

(Facsimile Signature)

City Treasurer

(Facsimile Signature)

City Clerk

*(To be inserted in coupons maturing January 1, 1955 and thereafter, attached to bonds numbered
81 to 350, both inclusive.)

Section 5. That when said bonds have been duly executed and sold, the City Treasurer in the City
of Las Vegas shall deliver them to the lawful purchaser thereof on receipt of the purchase price. The funds
realized from the sale of the bonds shall be applied solely to finance the purchase, extension and improve-
ment of a sewer system in the City of Las Vegas, but the purchaser of said bonds shall in no manner be re-
sponsible for the application by said City, or any of its officers, of any of the funds derived from the

sale thereof.

Section 6. That the interest falling due on said bonds on January 1, 1950 shall be paid out of
the general fund of said City, or any other fund that may be available for such purpose, and there shall be
levied in the year 1949, and annually thereafter, a sufficient tax on all property, both real and personal,
subject to taxation within the boundaries of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, including the net
proceeds of mines, to reimburse said fund or funds for such installment of interest and to pay the interest