minimum value of Eight Hundred Dollars ($800.00) per room, but for the purposes of this zone
a bathroom shall not be considered a room; with no single building for residence purposes of
a less value than Twenty-five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00); and no house or building shall be
moved into said district that is of less value than Twenty-five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00)
when complete and the same must be completed within ninety (90) days from the time such
building is moved to such district and no building shall be occupied for living purposes
until the same is entirely completed. All buildings must be set back from the street upon
which the lot faces, or front street, at least twenty-five (25) feet and there shall be not
more than two (2) separate residences on each fifty (50) foot lot, excepting North Fourteenth
Street where said set-back shall be at least forty-five (45) feet along both sides of said
North Fourteenth Street, north of Maple Avenue, as recorded in the subdivision plat of the
Fourteenth Street City Addition. No tent house, shack or garage shall be erected, maintained
or occupied as a dwelling house except for a maximum period of one hundred and eighty (180)
days during the actual construction of a residence or dwelling on the same property, in
conformity with the City Ordinances.

(b)

The zone shall consist of that portion of the City of Las Vegas known as the Fourteenth
Street Addition as shown by map and plat on file in Book 1 of plats, page 82, in the Clark
County Recorder's office.

Section 3. Section 6 of Ordinance No. 264 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "Residence
Zone No. 5" shall be and the same is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that the same
shall read as follows:

"Section 6. RESIDENCE ZONE NO. 5.

(a)

All of the City of Las Vegas not included in the limits of Residence Zones No. 1,2,3,4,
excepting therefrom those sections classified as commercial districts and industrial districts

(b)

All buildings or lots fronting and abutting on Twelfth Street shall be set back at least
thirty-five (35) feet from said Twelfth Street as the same is platted and recorded in the
subdivision maps of the Pioneer Heights Addition, Ladd Addition and Fairview Tract.

Further, no building or permanent structure shall be erected, permitted or maintained,
in or upon the property immediately adjoining the southerly projection of the center line of
right of way for South Twelfth Street within a distance of seventy-five (75) feet of said
center line as the same is projected southerly to the South City Limits as the continuation
of Maryland Parkway as recorded in the subdivision map of Huntridge Tract #4, all of the
above being located adjacent to the section line between Section two (2) and Section three
(3) of Township twenty-one (21) South, Range Sixty-one (61) East, M.D.B.& M., Clark County.

Further, no buildings or permanent structure shall be erected, permitted, or maintained
in or upon the property immediately adjoining the northerly projection of the center line of
the right of way for North Fourteenth Street within a distance of Seventy-five (75) feet of
said center line as the same is projected northerly to the North City Limits as a continu-
ation of North Fourteenth Street as recorded in the subdivision map of the Fourteenth City
Addition."

Section 4. Section 7 of Ordinance No. 264 of the City of Las Vegas, shall be and the
same is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that the same shall read as follows:

"Section 7.

That the commercial districts are hereby created and established within the said City
as described as follows:

All frontage on Fremont Street from Main Street to the east City limits of a depth not
exceeding 150 feet; all frontage on Fifth Street from the south City Limits to the north
property line of Stewart Street to a depth not exceeding 150 feet; all frontage on the east
side of Fifth Street from the north property line of Stewart Street to the north City Limits
to a depth not exceeding 150 feet; all lots fronting on First Street from Bridger Street
to Stewart Street; all lots fronting on Third Street from Stewart Street to Bridger Street;
all lots fronting on Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Streets from
Stewart Street to Carson Street; all lots fronting on the south side of Stewart Street from
Fifth Street to Twelfth Street;	all	lots fronting	on the north side of Carson	Street from

Fifth Street to Twelfth Street;	all	lots fronting	on Ogden Street from Fifth	Street to

Twelfth Street; all lots on Clark Avenue and Wilson Avenue in the original Townsite; all
frontage on the east side of Main Street from Carson Street to Stewart Street to a depth not
exceeding 150 feet.

No buildings or permanent structure shall be erected, permitted, or maintained in or
upon the property immediately adjoining the right of way of Twelfth Street, between the
northerly side of Carson Street	and	the southerly	side of Stewart Street, as	the same is

platted in the recorded subdivision map of Ladd Addition and Fairview Tract,	within a

distance of ten (10) feet from the exterior boundary of said Twelfth Street, or as the same
exists within the commercial zone, as described in this section."

Section 5. Section 9 of Ordinance No. 264, of the City of Las Vegas, shall be and the
same is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that the same shall read as follows:

"Section 9. The owner of any property located within any zone established by this
ordinance may file with the City Planning Commission a petition in writing to have such
property excepted from some particular restriction or restrictions applicable to the zone
in which such property is located.

All such petitions shall be made on forms which shall be furnished by said Commission
and shall be verified by such owner and shall state fully the grounds of such petition and
all facts relied upon by such petitioner, and such other facts or information as may be
required by said Commission.

The Commission shall cause to be made an investigation of the matters involved in the