Thence following the Westerly line of said street as now constructed
as follows: Southerly on a curve 420 feet radius to the left at dis-
tance of 244.3 feet:

Thence South 5 26' East 112.5 feet to an intersection with the North-
easterly line of Lot "A" of said South Addition, which said point is
40 feet North 17 15' West from the Southeast corner of said Lot "A";

Thence North 27 45' with the West line of said Main Street, as shown
by plat of said South Addition, 192 feet to the point of beginning.

is hereby abandoned and vacated as a street or public thoroughfare.

Section 2. An emergency is hereby declared to exist and this Ordinance is passed
as an Emergency Ordinance and the same shall be in full force and effect immediately after
its passage and publication as required by law.

This Emergency Ordinance was read aloud in full for its first time, proposed
and considered..and voted upon this 27th day of May, 1937.

Vote on the passage of this ordinance was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble,
and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent none.

Introduced and passed on this 27th day of May, 1937, and was thereafter publish-
ed in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas for two consecutive weeks;

Approved:

L.L. Arnett,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA	)ss

COUNTY OF CLARK	)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, A DAILY NEWSPAPER, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from June 3rd
1937 to June 10th 1937 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: June 3rd-10th.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st day of June, 1937

A.E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires Jan 12 1939
(Notarial Seal)

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
ORDINANCE NO. 226.

AN ORDINANCE CREATING A RECREATION BOARD FOR THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, PROVIDING FOR THE
APPOINTMENT OF ITS MEMBERS, DEFINING ITS DUTIES AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Roard of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1. A board is hereby created to be known as the Las Vegas Recreation Board,
hereinafter designated as "the Board"; said Board shall consist of five (5) members,
four (4) of whom shall be appointed by the Mayor, with the approval of the Board of
Commissioners, and there shall be one (1) ex-officio member. The Commissioner of Streets
and Public Property shall be the ex-officio member.

Section 2. Of the members of the Board so first appointed, one shall be appointed
for the term of two years expiring June 30, 1939, one for a term of four (4) years expir-
ing June 30, 1941, one for the term of six (6) years expiring June 30, 1943, and one for
the term of eight (8) years expiring June 30, 1945. Their successors shall be appointed
for term of eight (8) years each. If a vacancy shall occur otherwise than by expiration
of a term of an appointee member, it shall be filled by appointment for the unexpired
portion of the term. The ex-officio member shall serve only during his incumbency as City
Commissioner. And every two (2) years thereafter a member shall be appointed to the said
Board to fill the vacancy created by the member whose term expires. All members of the
Board shall be appointed by the Mayor with the approval of the Board of Commissioners.