vegetable matter" approved June 6, 1921, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
herewith." is hereby repealed.

Section 17. Ordinance 267 entitled, "An Ordinance defining garbage and rubbish; and re-
gulating the collection and disposal of garbage and rubbish in the City and matters relating
thereto, and providing penalties for the violation of the provisions thereof; and repealing
Ordinance 216 and Ordinances in conflict herewith." is hereby repealed.

Section 18. All Ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions of
this Ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 19. EFFECT	OF INVALIDITY		If any part, provision or section of	this	Ordinance

or the application thereof	to any person	or	circumstance shall be held invalid by any	Court

of competent jurisdiction,	the remainder	of	this Ordinance or the application of	such	part,

provision or section to any	other person	or	circumstances, shall not be effected	thereby.

Section 20. EFFECTIVE DATE - This Ordinance shall be in effect on and after its passage
adoption and publication thereof in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks
immediately following its first reading.

Section 21. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say,
once each week for a period of two weeks.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board
of City Commissioners on the 28th day of December, 1945, and referred to the following
Committee composed of Commissioners Baskin and Clark for recommendation; thereafter the said
committed reported favorable on the said Ordinance on the 7th day of January, 1946, which was
the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners;

That at said regular meeting held on the 7th day of January, 1946, the proposed Ordinance
was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the Follow -
ing vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Clark and His Honor.

Voting "No":	Commissioner Corradetti.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City
Commissioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 22nd day of
January, 1946, and passed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting "Nay": Commissioners Bates and Corradetti.

Absent: None.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
 Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of 2 times from Jan 9 to Jan 16 inclusive, being the
issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Jan 9 - 16, 1946. That said newspaper
was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

	Signed Dick Lochrie

(SEAL)	

Subscribed and sworn to before me

this 16th day of January 1946



A. E. Cahlan. Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada. My Commission Expires Jan 12	1947