ORDINANCE NO. 305

AN ORDINANCE REQUIRING REGISTRATION WITH THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS POLICE DEPARTMENT AND THE
FINGERPRINTING, THUMBPRINTING AND PHOTOGRAPHING OF ALL EMPLOYEES OF GAMBLING HOUSES, TAXI
DRIVERS, AND EMPLOYEES OF ESTABLISHMENTS WHERE ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES ARE SOLD AT RETAIL ON THE
PREMISES AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR A VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE, AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCE
AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do Ordain:

Section 1. Definition. — Wherever used in the Ordinance, unless the context otherwise
requires:

(a)	"Employees of Gambling Houses" shall mean all dealers, shill, and operators of
gambling and banking games as such games are defined by City of Las Vegas Ordinance No. 165,
except slot machines, pin ball machines and any other mechanically operated game where no
attendant is required.

(b)	"Employees of Establishments where Alcoholic Beverages are sold at retail on the
Premises" shall mean bartenders, waiters and any other person who serves alcoholic beverages
to patrons for consumption on the premises, save and excepting the employees of cafe and rest-
aurants.

(C) "Taxi Drivers" will include all persons who drive any motor vehicle or conveyance
used in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of transporting persons
for hire, save and except those persons employed for hire to transport persons in interstate
traffic exclusively, and those persons for hire to operate buses which operate under a City
franchise,

(d) "Alcoholic Beverages" shall mean and include any and all distilled or recitified
spirits, potable alcohol, brandy, whiskey, rum, gin, aromatic bitters, beer, wine and every
liquid or solid containing alcohol capable of being consumed by a human being.

Section 2. Policy. — It is hereby declared to be the policy of the City of Las Vegas,
as herein expressed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, that the safety
morals, good order and general welfare of the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas will be
better protected and served, by requiring the registration with the Police Department of said
City and thumb, fingerprinting, and photographing of all employees of gambling houses, taxi
driver, and employees of establishments where alcoholic beverages are sold at retail and
served on the premises, as such employees and establishments are defined in Section 1 of this
Ordinance.

Section 3. It shall be unlawful for any person to accept employment in any gambling
house, as a driver or operator of any taxi-cab, or in any establishment where alcoholic
beverages, as defined in Section 1 hereof, are sold at retail and consumed on the premises,
unless such person shall first have registered his name and address with the police Department
of the City of Las Vegas and shall have had his thumb, fingerprints, and photograph taken and
filed with the Bureau of Identification of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 4. Upon such employee complying with the provisions of Section 3 hereof, the Chief
of Police shall issue a certificate to such employee showing compliance therewith, and the
Bureau of Identification shall forthwith send a copy of such imprints to the Bureau of
Identification of the State of California, and one copy to the Identification Bureau of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation at Washington, D.C., with the request that all information as
to the previous record, if any, of such person, be forthwith transmitted to the Bureau of
Identification at Las Vegas, Nevada, Upon Receipt of such information the Bureau of Identifi-
cation at Las Vegas shall forthwith notify the Chief of Police. The information, if any,
received as aforesaid shall be treated as confidential and shall only be made accessible to the
Mayor and Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, the employer of such person, and
to law enforcement officer.

Section 5. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation operating a
gambling game, a taxicab or taxicabs, or an establishment where alcoholic beverages are sold
at retail for consumption of the premises, to employ any person required to register with the
Police Department by the terms of this Ordinance, unless such person shall have so registered
with the Police Department of the City of Las Vegas and had his thumb, fingerprints and
photograph taken and filed with the Bureau of Identification of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 6. Any person violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall, upon
conviction, be punished by a fine of not more than Three Hundred ($300.00) Dollars, or by
imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than One Hundred Fifty (150) days, or by both
such fine and imprisonment.

Section 7. Effect of invalidity. — If any part, provision or section of this
Ordinance or the application thereof to any person or circumstances shall be held invalid
by any Court of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of this Ordinance of the application
of such par, provision or section to any other person or circumstances, shall not be affected
thereby.

Section 8. Effective Date. -- T his Ordinance shall be in effect on and after its pass-
age, adoption and publication thereof in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily news-
paper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive
weeks immediately following its first reading.

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin______________

Mayor

/s/ Helen Scott Read__________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of
City Commissioners on the 28th day of August, 1945, and referred to the following committee
composed of Commissioners Baskin, Bates, and Clark for recommendation; thereafter the said