penalties for the violation of such Building Code; declaring and establishing fire districts;
and each and all of the regulations, provisions, penalties, conditions and terms of such
"Uniform Building Code, 1943 Edition, publication May 1, 1943, by Pacific Coast Building
Officials Conference," on file in the office of the City Clerk and hereby referred to, amended
and made a part hereof as is fully set out in this Ordinance.

Section 2. Certain sections of the Uniform Building Code, 1943 Edition, as adopted by this
ordinance are hereby amended, repealed, or added to as follows, namely, to-wit:

PART I - ADMINISTRATIVE

A. Chapter 2 - General Provisions

Section 206 is hereby amended by adding thereto the following additional paragraph,
to-wit:

When a certificate of occupancy is issued, the Building Inspector shall notify the
County Assessor's Office on forms approved by the Board of City Commissioners, and such
form shall have indicated thereon the estimated valuation of the building or structure
if it is newly erected or the estimated valuation of any addition, enlargement, alter-
ation, repair, conversion, extension, demolition or any other work that affects the
valuation of any building or structure within the City of Las Vegas, provided that such
work complies with the requirements of this Building Code. Such valuations shall be
determined in accordance with Section 203 of this Code.

B.	PART I

CHAPTER 3 - ENFORCEMENT

Section 301 is hereby amended by adding thereto the following additional paragraph,
to-wit:

Whenever any unoccupied building or structure is not properly secured or enclosed, the
Building Inspector shall immediately serve notice in writing on the owner, reputed
owner, or person in charge of such building, or premises, setting forth the condition
of such unoccupied building, structure, or premises and to have it properly secured
within twenty-four (24) hours after such notice is served. It shall be the duty of
the Chief of the Fire Department to assist the Building Inspector in all such cases
and when such unoccupied buildings or structures are discovered to exist by them, the
Building Inspector shall immediately be informed.

C.	PART II - DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS
CHAPTER 4 - DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS

Section 401-B - Paragraph (b) defining BUILDING is hereby amended to read as follows:

BUILDING is any structure build for the support, shelter, or inclosure of persons,
animals, chattels, dr property of any kind. For the purpose and intent of this Code,
no structure may be used as a building which has been originally constructed as,
or converted from a trailer.

Section 401 S - Paragraph (s) defining STRUCTURE is hereby amended to read as follows:

STRUCTURE is that which is built or constructed, an edifice or building of any kind,
or any piece of work artificially built up or composed of parts joined together in
come definite manner. For the purpose and intent of this Code, this definition of a
structure shall exclude any structure originally constructed as a trailer or converted
from a trailer.

Section 401 T is hereby amended by adding thereto the following additional definitions
to-wit:

TRAILER is any truck, wagon or other vehicle or structure equipped for moving or adop-
ted for being moved about on wheels, runners, or otherwise, and providing living or
sleeping quarters or accomodations for one or more persons or facilities for the con-
duct of any business enterprise. Removal of the wheels, runners, or other equipment
used form moving a trailer shall not change the meaning fo the said term.

D.	PART III -- REQUIREMENTS BASED ON OCCUPANCY

Chapter 5 - Classification of all buildings by use or occupancy and general require-
ments for all Occupancies, is hereby amended by adding thereto the following addi-
tional section, to-wit:

Section 508 - LIGHT, VENTILATION AND SANITATION.

Every building or structure of an occupancy specifically defined or classified by this
Code shall be subject to and comply with the requirements for light, Ventilation and
Sanitation, specified under:

1.	Each occupancy group of this Code as defined in Chapters 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12,

13, 14 and 15 respectively;

2.	Any other ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the light, ventilation,
and sanitation of buildings or structures, or of the use or occupancy within buildings
or structures;

3.	All laws and codes of the State of Nevada regulating or intending to regulate

the light, ventilation, or sanitation of buildings or structures or of the use of occup-
ancy within such buildings or structures.

For the purpose of this section the requirements which are most restrictive and of highest
standard shall apply to construction under this Code.