E. No vacant land in any district established under the provisions of this ordinance, shall hereafter
be occupied or used, except as specified or for agricultural uses as permitted other than hog ranches or lives-
stock or commercial feed yards or dairying, and no building or structure hereafter erected or structurally
altered in any such district shall be occupied or used until a certificate of occupancy shall have been issued
by the Building Inspector. Such certificates shall be subject to review and approval of the office of the
Planning Commission and so counter-signed.

F.	No permit for excavation for any building or structure shall be issued before application has been
made for a certificate of occupancy.

G.	Falsification of a Certificate of Occupancy or a use of property or of a building not in conformity
with such certificate shall be deemed a violation of this Ordinance as set forth in Section XXXI hereof.

SECTION XXVII: WATER SUPPLY AND SEWAGE DISPOSAL:

Every residence, business, trade, or industry hereafter established and requiring water supply and
sewage disposal facilities shall provide such facilities conforming to standards of design and location
approved by the State Department of Public Health, the City Health authority or any local ordinances, and any
new water supply and sewage disposal facilities hereafter provided for existing uses shall conform to such
standards.

SECTION XXVIII: AMENDMENTS AND CHANGES:

A.	Whenever the public necessity, convenience, general welfare or good zoning practice require, the
Governing Body may from time to time after report thereon by the Planning Commission and after public hearings
as required by law, amend, supplement, modify, change or repeal, the regulations and restrictions, and the
boundaries or districts or classifications of property herein or subsequently established.

B.	Amendments, supplements or changes may be initiated in the following manner either by:

1.	The Planning Commission upon its own motions.

2.	The Governing Body upon its own motions.

3.	Petition of one or more of the owners of property within the area proposed to be changed.

Such petition shall be in the form of an "Application for Change of Land Use Classification,"
shall be filed in the office of the Planning Commission upon forms furnished by the Commission for the purpose
and be accompanied by such data and information as may be prescribed for the purpose by the Commission so as to
assure the fullest practicable presentation of facts for the permanent records. Each such application shall be
verified by at least one of the owners of property within the area proposed to be changed by such application,
attesting to the truth and correctness of all facts and information presented with the application. The Plan-
ning Commission shall report on all proposed changes or amendments regardless of the manner in which such
changes or amendments were initiated.

C.	When deemed necessary or otherwise required by law the Planning Commission shall hold a public
hearing upon any Application for Change of Land Use Classification. If such hearing is to be held notice thereof
shall be given in the manner of procedure prescribed in Section 21, paragraphs E, F, G, H of this Ordinance
except that such procedure shall specifically refer to "Application for Change of Land Use Classification",

and where all property within the area proposed to be changed is not under the same ownership, the owners of
any property within the boundaries of the land proposed for such reclassifications shall also be notified of
such hearing. Within ninety (90) days after the date of the meeting of which said Commission set the time and
place for said hearing or within ninety (90) days after the filing of such application when hearing is required
the Planning Commission shall report its findings and recommend in writing to the Governing Body approval or
denial of the proposed change or amendment. The applicant shall be notified by the Commission of its recommend-
ation, such notice sent by registered mail not more than three (3) days after the Commission has filed said
report with the Governing Body.

D. When the Planning Commission deems it necessary or expedient the Commission may consider other
property for change or amendment in addition to the property described in an Application for Change of Land Use
Classification and may include such additional property in the notices of hearing, and consider amendments re-
lating to such property at the public hearing.

E. The Governing Body shall consider the Application for Change of Land Use Classification and report
of the Planning Commission thereon at its next regular meeting after receipt of said report. If, from the facts
presented and by findings of the report of the Planning Commission it has been determined that the public
necessity, convenience, general welfare or good zoning practice require the change or reclassification involved
or any portion thereof, the Governing Body may by Ordinance effect such amendment, supplement, change or re-
classification or any portion thereof.

F.	Any ordinance of the Governing Body effecting an amendment, supplement, change, reclassification
or repeal of the regulations and restrictions, and the boundaries of districts or classifications of property
herein or subsequently established, or any portion thereof shall be accomplished by first conducting a public
hearing thereon. At least fifteen (15) days notice of time and place of such hearing shall be published in an
official paper, or a paper of general circulation, in the City of Las Vegas.

G.	Any application for change of Land Use Classification initiated by a property owner shall be

accompanied by a fee payable to the City of	Las Vegas which	shall be	in the sum	of twenty-five ($25.00) dollars

for any one lot or parcel of land plus five	($5.00)	dollars	for each	additional	lot or parcel of land included

within such petition. The number of lots or	parcels	of land	involved	in any application is to be determined

from the records of the County Recorder or Assessor	of Clark County,	Nevada, on	the date of the application.

All costs of maps, publication and notice to property owners, and other administrative expenses involved, shall
be covered by such fee.

H.	When proposed changes or amendments are initiated	by the Planning Commission or by the	Governing

Body	all	expenses including publication and notification costs	of each public hearing shall be paid	by the

body before which such hearing is held.

SECTION XXIX: FORM OF PETITIONS, APPLICATIONS AND APPEALS:

The Planning Commission shall in its rules prescribe	the form and scope of all petitions,	applications,

and appeals provided for in the ordinance, and of accompanying	data to be furnished so as to assure	the fullest

practicable presentation of facts for proper consideration of the matter involved in each case and for a perm-
anent record. Any application for an adjustment or variance as provided in Section XXI of this ordinance