Section 10. The games, slot machines and gaming devices licensed under the preceding
section shall be played only for money, and it shall be unlawful for any licensee, his or
its agents, servants, or employees to promise, hold themselves out in any way whatever as
giving, or to give any other form of property or thing of value as winnings or as a gratuity
in connection with the playing of such games, slot machines and gaming devices.

Section 11. Any licensee holding a valid existing license from the City of Las Vegas
for a current quarter, may, during such current quarter, secure a license for additional
slot machines, games or devices, over and above the particular number of slot machines,
games or devices for which he or it holds or they hold a license, for the remainder of the
quarter, upon the payment to the City Treasurer of the license fees provided for in Section
9 of this Ordinance, for the additional slot machine, game or device, and the issuance of a
license in the manner and upon the authority, and upon the conditions and restrictions in
this Ordinance provided as on an application for an original license, and such additional
license shall be valid for the remainder of such quarter.

Section 12. All licenses issued for gambling games, devices and slot machines of every
character and description shall be posted in a conspicuous place where such gambling games,
devices and slot machines are installed, in order that they may be inspected by authorized
state, county, city and town officials, who shall report in writing to the Sheriff of the
County and to the Chief of Police of the City, wherein such gambling games, devices and slot
machines are located, any and all gambling games, devices and slot machines found to be op-
erating without a license. A failure to comply with the provisions of this section shall
constitute a ground for the revocation of such license or licenses not so posted.

Section 13. The required license fees shall accompany each application for issuance or
renewal of a license and be paid to the City Treasurer, and such fees when same become the
property of the City shall be placed in such fund and used for such purposes as the Board
of City Commissioners shall from time to time direct.

Section	14. No game, slot	machine or	gambling device of any kind	shall be conducted

or permitted	to operate in any open space,	vestibule or doorway within	the City of Las Vegas,

but all such	gambling games and	devices of	every nature shall be operated and conducted on

the street floor and completely	within the	four walls of a building or	room. And no gambling

game, device, or slot machine, so licensed, shall be dealt, played, operated, carried on,
or exposed for play behind locked doors.

Section 15. Any person or any officer or agent of any corporation, or any member of
any co-partnership or association violating any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine in the sum
of not less than One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00), or not more than Four Hundred Fifty
Dollars ($450.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period not less than thirty
(30) days nor more than five (5) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment. Each and
every day upon which a violation of this Ordinance shall occur shall be deemed a separate
and distinct violation thereof.

Section 16. Ordinance No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance to
prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor,