The cross section area of each baffle shall be not less than 80 per cent
of the cross sectional area of the tank and the thickness of such baffle
shall be not less than that required for heads and bulkheads of the tank
in which installed.

Tanks with compartments carrying flammable liquids of different classes
shall be provided with an air space between compartments and this air
space shall be equipped and maintained with drainage facilities opera-
tive at all times.

SECTION TWO. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed, but
it is specifically provided that neither this ordinance or any repeal hereby provided shall in any way affect
in any way the persecution for the violation of any ordinance heretofore passed, pending at the time of the
adoption of this ordinance.

SECTION THREE. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the
next section provided, and final passage.

SECTION FOUR. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive week immediately following its
first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

/s/ E. W. Cragin

(SEAL)	Mayor

ATTEST: /s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City Commissioners
on the 7th day of July, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Clark and
Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on the said ordinance on the
23rd day of July, 1948 which was a special meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at said
special meeting held on the 23rd day of July, 1948, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board
of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin

APPROVED:

/s/ E. W. Cragin

(SEAL)	Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners for a
second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 6th day of August, 1948, and passed by the
following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin

APPROVED:

/s/ E. W. Cragin

(SEAL)	Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Shirley Ballinger___________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS
EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, A daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said news-
paper for a period of two weeks from July 29th, 1948 to August 5th, 1948 inclusive, being the issues of
said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 29th - August 5th. That said newspaper was regul-
arily circulated on each of the dates above named.

/s/ Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th day of August, 1948

/s/ A. E. Cahlan

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada