Section 7. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for
a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the
16th day of March, 1934; and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon second reading on
the said last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German
and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. noes none.

Approved this 16th day of March, 1934.

E.W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

County of Clark) ss

J.W. Squires being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is managing editor of the Las
Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 207 was
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from March 16, 1934 to March 23, 1934
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, towit: March 16 and 23, 1934
hat said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the legal charge far publishing the same was $57.30.

Signed J.W. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this
20th day of April 1934.

C.D. Breeze,

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My commission Expires May 26, 1935.

ORDINANCE NO. 208.

An ordinance to amend Section 5 of Ordinance No. 76 of the City of Las Vegas en-
titled "An Ordinance for the prevention and punishment of offences against the health,
safety and convenience of the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas, and repealing
Ordinance No. 7, entitled, 'An Ordinance for the prevention of nuisances."

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas fo ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 5 of Ordinance No. 76 is is hereby amended to read as follows:
Section 5. No person shall keep his yard or premises or place of business, either as
owner or occupant thereof, in an unclean or unwholesome condition, or so as to endanger
the building thereon or other buildings to loss or injury by fire or otherwise, nor shall
any person permit any substance, animal or other thing to be or remain thereon which is or
may become injurious to the public health, destructive to property, indecent or offensive
to the senses or an obstruction or hindrance to the full and peaceable use of property
and peaceable enjoyment of life and property.

Section 2. This ordinance shall take effect immediately upon its publication and
passage.

Section 3. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period
of two weeks.

Proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this 4th day of May, 1934, by the following
vote: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

Published in the Las Vegas age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, one a week for two weeks, to wit May 11th and May 18th, 1934.

Read the second time and passed this 4th day of June, 1934, by the following vote:
Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

Approved this 4th day of June, 1934.

E.W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

(City Seal)