to the full depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said streets and parts of streets.

Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be
improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, on file in her office for public inspection and
examination.

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the City Hall in said City on Wednesday
the 15th day of November, 1950, at the hour of 3:30 o'clock, P.M. to hear and consider any suggestions and ob-
jections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto.
Objections to said proposed improvements, or matters relating thereto, may be filed in writing in the office of
the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, diagrams, and
plans with the City Clerk for examination, of the proposed improvement or work, of the location of the improve-
ment, of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any suggestions and
objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements. Said notice shall be given by
publication for at least two weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City of
Las Vegas, every day each week except Saturday, by fourteen insertions therein, and at least fifteen days prior
to said meeting by posting said notices in at least three public places in each ward and also by posting said
notice in or near said post office of said City and by posting notices in three public places near the site of
said proposed work. Said notice shall be in substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF DETERMINATION AND INTENTION TO PAVE, CURB AND GUTTER CERTAIN STREETS AND PARTS THEREOF, TO CREATE
STREET IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-4, AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE COST BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS. AND OF
THE HEARING THEREON

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 25th, 1950, the Board of Commissioners and Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved an ordinance declaring the Board's determination to make certain public
improvements by grading and paving certain and parts of streets therein with an oil bound gravel pavement, and
by constructing curbs and gutters on both sides thereof, wherever said improvements are missing, including
alley approaches, together with such appurtenances as may be required, to create a special assessment district
designated Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-4 therefor, and to defray the entire cost and expense
thereof by special assessments made according to frontage against the owners and the assessable lots. premises
and property specially benefited by such improvements and included within said district.

The streets and parts of streets so proposed to be improved are:

All of South 7th Street from a point 103.33 feet south
of the center line of Park Paseo to the north property
line of Franklin Avenue; all of South 8th Street from a ;
point 157 feet south of the center line of Park Paseo
to the north property line of Franklin Avenue; all of
Franklin Avenue from the east tract line of Vega Verde
Addition to its intersection with South 7th Street;
all of South 9th Street from a point 108 feet north of
the center line of Franklin Avenue to its intersection
with Franklin Avenue.

Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-4 shall include all the lots, premises and property to
the full depth of such fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said street and parts of streets.

Said ordinance adopted and approved October 25, 1950, and the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and
licality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, are on file for public inspection
and examination in the office of the City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada, and all persons interested are hereby
referred to the same for further information.

Said Board of Commissioners will meet at the City Hall at the comer of Stewart and Fifth Streets in the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 15th day of November. 1950, at 3:30 o'clock, P.M., to hear and consider any
suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters
relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto may be filed in
writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting. Unless the owners of more than one-
half of the frontage to be assessed shall file written objections thereto, such work shall be ordered.

DATED this 25th day of October, 1950

Shirley Ballinger______________________________

City Clerk

s/ Betty Funston
Deputy City Clerk

Section 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolution and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders, resolution
and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall, for
any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgement shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remain-
ing provisions of this ordinance but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences,
clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity
of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or
prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to meet
the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise
funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that his ordin-
ance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordin-
ance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 25th day of October, 1950.

s/ E. W. Cragin__________________________

Mayor

(SEAL)