Any person, firm or corporation operating, conducting and carrying on several different
classes or types of business at a fixed place of business in the City of Las Vegas, any of
which may fall within the classification mentioned in this section, and some of which may fall
within the classification mentioned in Section 8 of this ordinance, may have and hereby is
given the option of paying license fee upon his total volume of business done in all said types
of business at the rates mentioned in this section, or he may keep separate account of the
volume of business done on the type or types of business which fall within the classification
mentioned in this section and may pay his license thereon according to the rates provided
therefor in this section, and may treat those types of business which fall within Section 8
of this ordinance as a separate business of businesses and pay his license upon each such type
of business according to the provisions of Section 8 of this ordinance, without regard to the
volume of business done under such types of business upon which license shall be so paid accord-
ing to the rates mentioned in Section 8 of this ordinance.

Section 2. Section 8, as amended, of the above-entitled ordinance is hereby amended to read
as follows:

Section 8. The rates of license tax for businesses, trades, occupations and employment
herein after named are hereby fixed in and for the City of Las Vegas and the same shall be
paid by any person engaged in or carrying on the same in said City, as follows:

(1)	For each hand laundry employing one or more persons, $2.50 per quarter.

(2)	For each insurance agent, or real estate broker, or both, $10.00 per quarter.

(3)	For each shooting gallery, $25.00 per quarter.

(4)	For each brokerage establishment, $30.00 per quarter.

(5)	For every banker and bank with a capital of $100,000 or over (except National
Banks), $100.00 per quarter. For every banker or bank with a capital of less than $100,000
(except National Banks) $50.00 per quarter.

(6)	For each skating rink, $20.00 per quarter.

(7)	For each employment or intelligence office, $10.00 per quarter.

(8)	Every person who operates a wrecking yard, junk yard, or out-of-door yard or lot
where used furniture, plumbing or other second hand materials or merchandise are stored for
sale, shall pay a license fee of $25.00 per quarter. This section shall include all out-of-
door lots or yards upon which two or more used cars not in condition to operate under their
own power are permitted to remain for a period of thirty days or longer.

(9)	Every person who operates a used car lot, containing only cars capable of being
moved under their own power, shall pay a license fee of $10.00 per quarter, provided, that
without paying such license fee, one such lot may be maintained by each person or firm who
holds a State license as a new or used car dealer. The word "car" as used in this section
shall mean any automobile or gasoline propelled vehicle.

(10)	For each astrologer, palmist, seer, phrenologist, fortune teller, clairvoyant, or
spiritualist, who demands and receives a fee for his or her services, $100.00 per day.

(11)	For each merry-go-round or carrousel, $5.00 per day.

(12)	Any proprietor, lessee or manager of any traveling show, traveling skating rink,

circus, hippodrome,	menagerie, or carnival intending to exhibit in the	open air	or under a

tent or in	any	public hall, club room, assembly hall or theatre, where	movable scenery and

theatrical appliances are used, any performance or exhibition in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
shall pay to the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas, the sum of $100.00 as a license fee

for the privilege of showing and exhibiting such traveling show, traveling skating rink,
circus, hippodrome, menagerie or carnival for each day; and upon payment therefor said City
Clerk shall issue license for the day or number of days so paid for.

Provided that nothing in this section contained shall be deemed or construed to require
the holder of a theatre license to procure any additional license to conduct, maintain or
carry on any theatrical or vaudeville performance when such performance is conducted at any
such theatre so licensed.

(13)	For	each	patent medicine agency, $25.00 per quarter.

(14)	For	each	lawyer, whether connected with or as a member of a	firm, or	practicing

by himself, $10.00 per quarter.

(15)	For each physician and/or surgeon, whether connected with a firm or hospital,
or practicing by himself, $10.00 per quarter.

(16)	For each dentist whether connected with or as a member of a firm, or practicing
by himself, $10.00 per quarter.

(17)	For each hotel, lodging house, rooming house, auto court or tourist camp as
defined hereunder, $5.00 per quarter for from four to eight guest rooms; from eight to
eighteen guest rooms, $10.00 per quarter; from eighteen to thirty guest rooms, $20.00 per
quarter; from thirty to fifty guest rooms, $30.00 per quarter; from fifty to eighty guest
rooms, $40.00 per quarter; above eight guest rooms, $50 per quarter.

Every person, firm or association or corporation engaged in the business of keeping
or conducting an apartment house in the City of Las Vegas, shall pay for and obtain a quarterly
license to carry on such business as per schedule hereinafter recited in this subdivision,
namely: Those who have four apartments and not exceeding eight apartments shall pay for such
license the sum of $5.00 per quarter. And those who have nine apartments and not exceeding
eighteen apartments, shall pay for such license the sum of $15.00 per quarter; and those who
have nineteen apartments and not exceeding thirty-eight apartments, shall pay for such license
the sum of $30.00 per quarter; those who have thirty-nine apartments and over shall pay for
such license the sum of $60.00 per quarter.