For the purpose of this ordinance, an auto court or tourist camp is defined as a place,

 other than a regular hotel or apartment house, where sleeping accomodations in small buildings
are rented to the general public, and whenever more than three cabins or small buildings
are situated in close proximity to each other and are owned or operated by the same person and
are rented to the general public, either by the day, week, month or year, and whether to
transients or permanent residents of the City of Las Vegas, the same shall be considered to
be a tourist camp or auto court.

(18)	For each dray and express and warehouse business, or either, $5.00 per quarter
for the first rig, and $2.50 per quarter for each additional rig, used in such business;
but warehouse businesses without rigs shall pay $5.00 per quarter.

(19)	Every person, firm or corporation who, for hire, operates a truck or fleet of
trucks which shall come into the City of Las Vegas to receive merchandise for delivery

 outside the city, or which shall bring merchandise into the City Of Las Vegas from outside,
and make deliveries of merchandise within the City, shall pay an annual license fee of $20.00
for each truck so operated. The annual period referred to shall be from January 1st of each
year to and including December 31st of the same year, and if application for license shall
be made at any time after the first day of January in any given year, the full annual license
fee of $20.00 shall be required and paid and the license so issued shall terminate on
December 31st of the same year, regardless of the time of the year when such application
is made.

This sub-section is not intended to apply, however, to trucks engaged in inter-state
commerce.

And the above provision as to license fee to be paid shall likewise apply to and be paid
by any person, firm or corporation having no fixed place of business within the City of Las
Vegas but who comes into the City from outside regularly, to transact business within the
City by receiving or picking up chattels and personal property upon which repairs, personal
service or work of any kind may be done for hire outside the City, and again delivering the
same to the owner within the City.

(20)	Every person operating a billiard hall or billiard room, or pool hall or pool room,
shall pay for the first billiard table or pool table in any such establishment, $5.00 per
quarter for the first table and $3.00 per quarter for each additional billiard table or pool
table.

(21)	Every person who shall operate a bowling alley within said City of Las Vegas,
shall pay the sum of $7.50 per quarter for the first alley and the sum of $5.00 per quarter
for each additional alley in said establishment.

(22)	For each traveling optometrist and/or oculist, who does not hold and exhibit an
existing License from the State of Nevada, to practice as such, $100.00 per day.

For each optometrist and/or oculist holding such license, $10.00 per quarter.

(23)	For each barber shop $10.00 per quarter for the first barber chair operated, and
$3.00 per quarter for each additional barber chair operated.

(24)	For the business of dealing in second hand goods, wares or merchandise of any kind,
character or description where, as a part of such transaction, a contract or agreement is made,
or an undertaking, verbal, written or otherwise, had with the vendor to re-sell to him the
same goods, wares or merchandise or to sell other goods, wares or merchandise, in their

place or stead, then and in case of such agreement, as aforesaid, a license tax of $50.00
per quarter shall be paid.

(25)	Every person, firm or corporation who ships into and sells in the City of Las
Vegas any bankrupt, assigned or damaged stock of goods, wares, merchandise, drugs, jewelry,
dry goods, boots and shoes, clothing, hardware, groceries, furniture or other stock or
merchandise, shall pay a license of $300.00 per quarter, or fraction thereof.

(26)	 For every traveling merchant, hawker, peddler or vendor, street faker or advertiser
who advertises goods, wares or merchandise of any kind by music, singing or dancing, jugglery,
tricks, sleight of hand, buffoonery, gymnastics or any spectacular display, show or performance,
or by speeches or oratory, or by any performance upon the streets calculated to draw a crowd

of people about them calling or advertising wares, as aforesaid, shall pay a license in the sum
of $25.00 per day, and shall also secure a permit to occupy street space as required by
other ordinances of the City.

(27)	For each sewing machine agent, $10.00 per quarter.

(28) For each vulcanizing business operated as a separate business, $5.00 per quarter.

(29) For each auctioneer, $125.00 per quarter or fraction thereof.

(30)	For each architect, $10.00 per quarter.

(31)	For each assayer, $5.00 per quarter.

(32)	For each massage parlor, $10.00 per quarter.

(33)	For each trade college, trade school, business school, or business college, where
instructions are given in any trade or occupation for which a fee is charged, $10.00 per
quarter.

(34)	For each certified public accountant or independent public accountant, $40.00
per annum. For the purpose of this ordinance an independent public accountant is defined
as a person who does bookkeeping or accounting work for two or more persons, firms or
corporations, or who prepares or assists in preparing income tax returns for two or more
persons, firms or corporations, other than himself.

(35) For each chiropodist, $10.00 per quarter.