of America, being six months' interest on its Sewage Disposal Bonds, Series of May 1, 1948.

Bond No._______

(Facsimile Signature)_______

City Treasurer

*(To be inserted in coupons maturing after May 1, 1954 attached to bonds numbered 81 to
350, both inclusive)

Section 5. That said Sewage Disposal Bonds, Series of May 1, 1948, shall be sold at
public sale to the person or persons offering the best and most advantageous terms to said
City. The Mayor and City Clerk be and they are her by authorized and directed to give notice offering
said sewage disposal bonds for sale and calling for bids for the purchase of said bonds by
publishing a notice once a week for four consecutive weeks by five insertions at weekly
intervals in The Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, the official newspaper of the City of Las
Vegas and by mailing a copy of such notice at least three weeks prior to the date fixed for
the sale to the State Board of Finance, Carson City, Nevada, which said notice shall be in
substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF SALE
OF

CITY OF LAS VEGAS. NEVADA. SEWAGE DISPOSAL BONDS
SERIES OF MAY 1, 1948
$350,000.00

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will on the 27th
day of May, 1948, at 3:30 o'clock P.M., at the City Office in Las Vegas, Nevada, offer for sale
the following described general obligation bonds of said City:

City of Las Vegas Sewage Disposal Bonds, Series
of May 1, 1948, dated May 1, 1948, in the aggre-
gate principal amount of $350,000.00, numbered
from 1 to 350, both inclusive, in the denomina-
tion of $1,000.00 each, maturing serially $8,000.00
May 1, 1949 and $18,000.00 on May 1st in each of the
years 1950 to 1968, both inclusive; bonds numbered
81 to 350, both inclusive, maturing on the first day
of May in each of the years 1954 to 1968, both in-
clusive, being subject to redemption in inverse numer-
ical order at the option of the City on the first day
of May, 1953, or on any interest payment date there-
after upon the payment of the principal amount thereof
and accrued interest to the redemption date, and all
of said bonds bearing interest at a rate of not more than
three per cent (3%) per annum, payable semi-annually on
the first days of May and November in each year, both
principal and interest being payable at the office of
the City Treasurer, Las Vegas, Nevada

Bidders are required to submit a bid specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest and
premium, if any, above par at which the bidder will purchase said bonds; or (b) the lowest
rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase said bonds at par. The bonds will be sold
to the bidder making the best bid, subject to the right of the corporate authorities of the
City of Las Vegas to reject any and all bids and re-advertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest, nor will any
discount or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds. All bids shall be sealed
and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be accompanied by a deposit of five per cent,
either cash of certified check, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is
not accepted; and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of
said bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his bid, the amount of his deposit
shall be forfeited to the City of Las Vegas, and, in that event, the corporate authorities
of said City may accept the bid of the one making the next best bid, or if all bids are rejected,
such authorities may re-advertise said bonds for sale. If there be two or more equal bids and
such bids are the best bids received, and are not less than par and accrued interest, the cor-
porate authorities will determine which bid shall be accepted.

The legality of the bonds will be approved by Messrs. Pershing, Bosworth, Dick and Dawson,
Attorneys at Law, Denver, Colorado, whose opinion, together with the printed bonds, will be fur-
nished the purchaser without charge.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 23rd day of April, A. D. 1948.

E. W. Cragin________________

(SEAL)

Section 6. That when said bonds have been duly executed and sold, the City Treasurer
of the City of Las Vegas shall deliver them to the lawful purchaser thereof on receipt of the
purchase price. The funds realized from the sale of the bonds shall be applied solely to the
construction of the sewage disposal plant in the City of Las Vegas, but the purchaser of said
bonds shall in no manner be responsible for the application by said City or any of its officers
of any of the funds derived from the sale thereof.

Section 7. The	interest falling	due on said bonds	on November 1, 1948	and the principal

and interest falling	due May 1, 1949,	shall be paid out	of the general fund	of said City, or

any other funds that	may be available	for such purpose,	and there shall be levied in the year

1948 on all property	both real and personal, subject to	taxation within the	boundaries of said

City, including the net proceeds of mines, a tax sufficient to reimburse said fund or funds
for such installments of interest and principal, and for the purpose of creating a fund for
the payment of said bonds and the interest thereon, there shall be levied in the year 1948