Section 3. Application in writing for such permit shall be made to and upon forms
furnished by the City Engineer and shall state the location of the proposed or existing drive-
way, its grade, type of construction, design and dimensions, its purposes, the nature of the
property or business it is to serve or is serving, and such other information as may be re-
quired by the City Engineer, who shall issue a permit therefor if he finds upon investigation
taking into account the estimated amount of pedestrian and vehicular traffic on said driveway
and on the adjacent street and sidewalk, and having due regard for the interests and convenie-
ence of the public and a reasonable use of the property served or to be served by such drive-
way, that the proposed or existing driveway will not substantially impair, endanger, inter-
fere with, or be a menace to the public safety, provided, however, that no permit shall be
issued without the approval of the Board of Commissioners for the construction of a driveway
in excess of thirty-two (32) feet in length at the curb or lot line, nor unless a safety
island space of at least eighteen (18) feet measured along the curb and lot line shall be
provided between driveways, except that such permit may be issued without such approval of
the Board of Commissioners first obtained for any existing driveway where the same has here-
tofore been constructed with the approval of the Building Inspector and is now in actual use,
and all driveways, with curb and gutter returns, shall be located and constructed according to
the specifications and under the direction of the City Engineer, and according to the ordin-
ances and regulations of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2.	Section	4 of Ordinance	No. 343	is	hereby	amended to read	as	follows:

Section 4*	Upon the issuance of a	permit,	as	herein	provided, the City	Clerk shall

collect from the applicant therefor, and pay over to the City Treasurer, the fee of Fifty
Cents (50¢) for each lineal foot or frantion thereof of authorized driveway in excess of
sixteen (16) lineal feet measured along the curb or lot line, whichever is greater, and where
curb and gutter exists or is constructed, and no permit shall be valid, nor shall any right,
authority or privilege accrue thereunder to the holder thereof, unless and until said fee is
paid.

Section 3.	Section	5 of Ordinance	No. 343	is	hereby	amended to read	as	follows:

Section 5.	Without	limiting the rights, powers and authority vested	by	law in the	 City

of Las Vegas in respect to the suspension, revocation or cancellation of permits, and in ad-
dition to every remedy vested by law in said City in relation thereto, the acceptance of a
permit or any renewal thereof under the provisions of this ordinance shall constitute an
agreement on the part	of the	holder thereof,	as a condition for the	grating of the same,	that:

(a)	Said permit	may	be	revoked	by the	Board of Commissioners	at any	time for any viola-

tion of any of the provisions or conditions of said permit.

(b)	Said permit may be revoked by the Board of Commissioners at any time upon the failure
or refusal of the holder thereof to construct and continuously maintain the driveway according
to the specifications of the City Engineer, or the Board of Commissioners as heretofore or
herein provided, and under the direction of the City Engineer, and according to the ordinances
and regulations of the City of Las Vegas, or upon his failure or refusal to maintain said
driveway in good order and condition, or upon his failure or refusal to make such necessary
repairs thereto as directed by the City Engineer, or if, in its sole discretion, the Board

of Commissioners shall determine that said driveway for any reason whatever is or has become
dangerous and a menace to	the public	safety,	or for any reasons of	public	welfare.

(c)	Said permit	may	be	revoked	by the	Board of Commissioners	at any	time upon the	failure

or refusal of the holder of said permit to complete the construction of the driveway within
thirty (30) days after the curb has been broken or any other work has been commenced in the
construction of said driveway.

(d)	Said permit may be revoked by the Board of Commissioners at any time upon the
abandonment or nonuse of said driveway for a reasonable time of the purposes of the property
or business which said driveway was authorized to serve.

(e) The City of Las Vegas shall not be estopped for any reason whatever to suspend,
revoke or cancel said permit or any renewal thereof as herein provided.

(f)	Upon the termination of said permit, by revocation, expiration, or otherwise, the
rights, privileges and authority granted thereby shall thereupon cease and determine, and the
driveway shall be removed, and the sidewalk, curb and other public property where said drive-
way shall have been located shall be restored to their original condition and location in
accordance with the specifications and under the direction of the City Engineer, and ac-
cording to the ordinances and regulations of the City of Las Vegas, so that said sidewalk,
curb and other public property shall be safe for public travel, and said work shall be done
at the sole expense of the holder of said permit and without cost or expense or any kind
whatever to the City of Las Vegas, provided, that in the event of the failure, neglect or
refusal on the part of the holder of said permit to remove the driveway and affect the res-
toration of the sidewalk, curb and other public property when directed in writing so to do

by the City Engineer, the City of Las Vegas may proceed to remove the driveway and restore
the sidewalk, curb and other public property and charge the expense thereof to the holder
of said permit.

Section 4. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions hereof
are hereby repealed.

Section 5. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas, for a period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

E. W. Cragin_______________

Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger_____

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City