of proposed State Highway - Federal Aid Project - Clark County, City of Las Vegas, Main Street
(South 5th St. to 1650 Ft. N.E. of North City Limits), Fremont St. Spur (Main Street to 5th
St.), Project No. 87," and "State of Nevada Department of Highways - Plan and Profile of
Proposed State Highway - Federal Aid Project - Clark County, Fifth Street Las Vegas to
Charleston Park Road, Project No. 39," and approved by the State Highway Engineer and the
Board of Directors of said department on the 10th day of May, 1947, are hereby adopted as the
official grades for the street and curbs of said rights of way, as said rights of way are
shown on said plans.

Section 7. All existing curbs along the right of way of North Main Street, as said
right of way is described in this ordinance, insofar as they do not conform to the provisions
hereof, shall be relocated along the lines provided for herein; and curbs hereinafter con-
structed along said right of way shall be installed along the lines provided for herein.

The existing grades of the street and curbs along the rights of way of North Main Street and
Bonanza Road, as said rights of way are shown on the aforesaid plans of the Department of
Highways of the State of Nevada, insofar as they do not conform to the provisions hereof,
shall be readjusted to conform thereto, and the grades of the street and curbs along said rights
of way shall hereafter be maintained as herein provided.

Section 8. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with the provisions
hereof are hereby repealed.

Section 9. The provisions of this Ordinance shall be severable, and if any of the
provisions thereof or their application to any person or circumstances shall be held to be
invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction, such decision shall not affect the validity
thereof in their application to any other persons or circumstances or the validity of any of
the remaining provisions of this ordinance. It is hereby declared as the intent of the Board
of Commissioners that this Ordinance would have been adopted had such invalid provision not been
included therein.

Section 10. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as
in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 11. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas shall cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immed-
iately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk	E. W. Cragin, Mayor

By: Shirley Ballinger,

Deputy city clerk.

(Seal)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board
of City Commissioners on the 22nd day of July, 1947, and referred to the following committee
composed of Commissioners Moore and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee
reported favorably on the said Ordinance on the 7th day of August, 1947, which was the next
regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on
the 7th day of August, 1947, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the Board of City
Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor.

Voting Nay: None

Absent: None

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk	APPROVED: E. W. Cragin

By: Shirley Ballinger	Mayor

Deputy City Clerk

(Seal)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City
Commissioners for a second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 22nd day
of August, 1947, and passed by the following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore and Whipple and His Honor
Voting nay: None.

Absent: None

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed	APPROVED: E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

(Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was
continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from August 8th, 1947 to
Aug. 15th, 1947 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:
August 8-15. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie_______________

Subscribed and sworn to before
me this 15th day of August, 1947

A. E. Cahlan_____________________

Notary Public in and for Clark

County, Nevada	My commission expires Jan 12, 1951