2.	For buildings adjoining more than (1) one street, the average of the established elevations of the curbs
at the centers of all walls adjoining streets.

3.	For buildings having no walls adjoining the street; the average level of the finished surface of the ground
adjacent to the exterior walls of the building.

4.	All walls approximately parallel to, and mot more than, 5' from the street line shall be considered as
adjoining the street.

GUEST HOUSE:

Living quarters within a detached accessory building located on the same premises with the main building, for
use by temporary guests of the occupants of the premises; such quarters having no kitchen and not rented or
otherwise used as a separate dwelling.

GUEST ROOM:

A room which is intended, arranged or designed to be occupied, or which is occupied by one (1) or more guests,
but in which no provision is made for cooking and not including dormitories for sleeping purposes.

HOG RANCHES:

Any premises used for the raising of keeping of hogs.

HOME OCCUPATION:

An occupation carried on by the occupant of a dwelling as an incidental or a secondary use in connection with
which there is no change in the character of the dwelling, and there is no display, no stock in trade nor
commodity sold on the premises, no assistants employed and no mechanical equipment uses except such as is
necessary for purely domestic purposes. Clinics, Surgeries, Hospitals, Barber Shops, Beauty Parlors, business
offices, and professional offices shall not be deemed home occupations.

HOTEL:

A building designed for, or occupied as, the more or less temporary abiding place of individuals who are lodged
with or without meals, in which there are four (4) or more guest rooms, and in which no provision is made for
cooking in any individual room or suite.

HOSPITAL:

A building or institution in which sick, injured, infirm or for other reasons, persons are, or intended to be,
housed for medical or surgical treatment or care.

INDUSTRY:

The manufacturing, fabrication, processing, reduction or destruction of any article, substance or commodity,
or any other treatment thereof, including in addition the following: animal hospitals; bottling works; build-
materials or contractor's yards; cleaning and dyeing establishments employing five (5) or more persons;
creameries; junk yards; steam and/or power launderies; lumber yards; milk bottling or distribution stations;
storage elevators, provided the same are incidental to a permitted use; truck or bus storage yards; warehouses
and wholesale storage; automobile body and fender repairing; carpenter, cabinet and mill work shops, plumbing
shops, tin smith or sheet metal shops, electrical shops, machine shops or any other kind of manufacture, fabri-
cation, compounding, treatment or processing of products purely incidental to the conduct of a retail business
when conducted on the premises of such retail business and occupying more than twenty (20) percent of the floor
space thereof.

JUNK YARDS:

The use of any lot, portion of a lot, tract of land, building, structure or other space for the storage,
salvage, sale, display, demolition, dismantling, keeping or abandonment of junk, including scrap materials,
paper, glass, or other scrap material which may or may not be partly or wholly assembled into useful objects,
of for the dismantling, demolition, or abandonment of automobiles, or other vehicles or machinery or parts
thereof.

KITCHEN:

Any room in a building which is uses, intended or designed to be used, for cooking or preparation of food,
including the term, "kitchenette."

LIGHT AGRICULTURE:

(See Agriculture, Light. )

LIVESTOCK FEED YARD:

(See Commercial Feed Yard.)

LOADING SPACE:

An off-street space or berth on the same lot with a building or contiguous to a group of buildings, for the
temporary parking of commercial vehicle while loading or unloading merchandise or materials, and which abuts
upon a street, alley or other appropriate means of access.

LODGING HOUSE:

A building, other than a hotel, with not more than five (5) guest rooms where, for compensation, lodging is
provided for four (4) but not more than ten (10) persons not members of a family occupying such building.

LOT:

A parcel of land occupied or to be occupied by a building, dwelling group, and accessory buildings or uses,
or other permitted use, and including the open space required under this Ordinance. A lot may be land so re-
corded on a plat of record, or considered as a unit of property and described by metes and bounds,