the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 2 insertions from April 28, 1950 to May 5, 1950 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: April 28 and May 5, 1950. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on
each of the dates above named.

S/ Carl R. Woodbury

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th day of May, 1950.

S/ A. E. Cahlan____________________________________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires January 12, 1951.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 412

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 21, SECTION 33 OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE PROVIDING FOR "REGULATING AND PROHIBITING
YELLING, SHOUTING, ANNOUNCING, MUSIC AND OTHER NOISES CM THE PUBLIC STREETS AND OTHER PUBLIC PLACES IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS; PROHIBITING DISTURBANCES ON THE STREETS BY SAID NOISES; PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF
THIS ORDINANCE AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO" BY ADDING A NEW SUBSECTION TO BE KNOWN AS 'SUB-SECTION (2)

(d)'.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Chapter 21, Section 33, of the Las Vegas City Code is hereby amended to read as follows:

Subject to the provisions of this section, the creating of any unreasonably loud, disturbing and unnecessary
noise within the limits of the city is prohibited.

Noise of such character, intensity or duration as to be detrimental to the life or health of any individual,
or in disturbance of the public peace and welfare is prohibited.

The following acts, among others, are declared to be loud, disturbing and unnecessary noises and noises in
violation of this section but this enumeration shall not be deemed to be exclusive, namely:

(1) Prohibited noises enumerated.

(a)	The sounding of any horn or signal device on any automobile, motorcycle or bus, while not in motion,
except as a danger signal if another vehicle is approaching apparently out of control, or if in motion only as a
danger signal after or as brakes are being applied and deceleration of the vehicle is intended; the creation by
means of any such signal device of any unreasonably loud or harsh sound; and the sounding of such device for an
unnecessary and unreasonable period of time.

(b)	The playing of any radio, phonograph or any musical instrument in such a manner or with such volume,
particularly during the hours between 11:00 P.M. and 7:00 A.M. as to annoy or disturb the quiet, comfort or re-
pose of persons in any office, hospital or in any dwelling, hotel or other type of residence, or of any persons
in the vicinity.

(c) Yelling, shouting, hooting, whistling or singing on the public streets, particularly between the hours
of 11:00 P.M. and 7:00 A.M. or at any time or place so as to annoy or disturb the quiet, comfort or repose of
any persons in any hospital, dwelling, hotel or any other type of residence or of any persons in the vicinity.

(d)	The keeping of any animal, bird or fowl which by causing frequent or long continued noise shall dis-
turb the comfort or repose of any person in the vicinity.

(e)	The use of any automobile or motorcycle so out of repair, so loaded or in such manner as to cause loud
and unnecessary grating, grinding, rattling or other noise.

(f)	The blowing of any steam whistle attached to any stationary boiler except to give notice of the time
to begin or stop work or as a warning of fire or danger, or upon request of proper city authorities.

(g)	To discharge into the open air the exhaust of any steam engine, stationary internal combustion engine,
motor vehicle or motor boat engine except through a muffler or other device which will effectively prevent loud
or explosive noises therefrom.

(h)	The erection (including excavation), demolition, alteration or repair of any building in any residen-
tial district or section, the excavation of streets and highways in any residential district or section, other
than between the hours of 7:00 A.M. and 6:00 P.M. on week days, except in case of urgent necessity in the in-
terest of public health and safety, and then only with a permit from the building inspector, which permit may be
granted for a period not to exceed thirty days while the emergency continues. If the building inspector should
determine that the public health and safety will not be impaired by the erection, demolition, alteration or repair
of any building or the excavation of streets and highways within the hours of 6:00 P.M. and 7:00 A.M. and if he
shall further determine that loss or inconvenience would result to any party in interest, he may grant permission
for such work to be done within the hours of 6:00 P.M. and 7:00 A.M. upon application being made at the time the
permit for the work is awarded or during the progress of the work.

(i)	The creation of any excessive noise on any street adjacent to any school, institution of learning,
church or court while the same are in session, or adjacent to any hospital, which unreasonably interferes with
the workings or sessions thereof.

(j)	The creation of a loud and excessive noise in connection with loading or unloading any vehicle or the
opening and destruction of bales, boxes, crates and containers.

(k)	The use of any drum, loudspeaker or other instrument or device for the purpose of attracting attention
by creation of noise to any performance, show or sale or display of merchandise.

(1)	The use of mechanical loudspeakers or amplifiers on trucks or other moving or standing vehicles for ad-
vertising or other purposes.