Section 3. Upon the appointment the Board shall meet and organize by electing from
its membership a chairman and a secretary and such other officers as in the judgment
of the Board may be necessary. Said Board shall have the power to adopt from tine to
time such rules and regulations as may be necessary or convenient for the conduct of its
business. All members of the Board shall serve as such without compensation.

Section 4. Said Board shall have power and authority to establish and maintain and
operate within the limit of the means provided for that purpose, playgrounds, recreation
centers, swimming pools, camps and other recreation areas within or without the corpor-
ate limits of the City of Las Vegas, and to employ recreation superintendent, directors,
supervisors, care-takers, and such other officers and employees as it shall deem necessary
to operate such recreational properties and areas and to conduct proper recreational
activities thereof; and shall have the power and authority to conduct and direct recre-
ational activities upon public lands and in public buildings, and private lands and
buildings, with the consent of the owners thereof; and may use and enjoy with the con-
sent of the owners any public or private grounds or buildings or other facilities which
may be offered temporarily or permanently for recreational purposes; and may from time
to time lease or rent such buildings, land or other facilities as are deemed by the said
Board necessary for the conduct of such program as may be from time to time deemed
necessary in such recreational activities. Provided, however, that no expense or debts
shall be incurred in or relating to such recreational activities or in the procurement of
facilities therefore without the approval of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas first having been obtained.

Section 5. The said Board shall, when required by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, and annually in all events, submit an inventory of equipment and
Supplies oh hand, and a report generally covering the progress of the activities of the
Board. On or before the first day of February in each year, the said Board shall submit
to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas an estimate of the financial
requirements for the ensuing year, and also an itemized estimate of equipment required
to conduct said recreational activities for the ensuing year.

Section 6. This ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as an emergency
ordinance and it shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 7. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordin-
ance published in' the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas for two weeks, that is to say, it shall be published in said
paper once a week for two consecutive weeks.

The foregoing ordinance was read aloud for the first time and voted upon at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners on the 1st day of June, 1937,

Vote for Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett
and was read aloud for the second time and passed by the unanimous consent of the Board as
an emergency ordinance on the 1st day of June, 1937, voting for Commissioners Down,

Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent none.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
(City seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA	)

COUNTY OF CLARK	)ss

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from June 2nd
1937 to June 9th 1937 inclusive, inclusive , being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: June 2nd-9th

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above-named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st day of
June 1937.

A.E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires Jan 12 1939
(Notarial seal)