permits any infraction of any such rules, or any law of the State of Nevada, or any ordinance of this City,
including the provisions of this ordinance, provided, however, that no permit issued under authority of this
ordinance for the management, conducting or carrying on of any such private patrol shall be revoked unless a
hearing and notice be given the permittee in such manner as the Chief of Police may decide.

(e)	APPEAL. Upon the suspension or revocation of a permit as herein provided, the permittee may
 appeal to the Board of Commissioners for a review of the decision of the Chief of Police, and good cause

appearing therefor, upon the hearing of said appeal, the Board of Commissioners may overrule the decision
of the Chief of Police and reinstate the permit.

(f)	CHANGE OF LOCATION. The Chief of Police may allow a permittee to change the location of
the business office of his private patrol business without requiring a new permit to be obtained, upon
the filing of an application for such change of location and the payment of a fee of Five Dollars ($5.00).

(g) Any owner of a private patrol shall be deemed a Special Police Officer if actively engaged
in policing duties.

Section 4. Every person who shall secure a commission as a Special Police Officer or a permit
as an owner of a private patrol, shall be required to subscribe to an oath of office to be administered
by the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 5. "Special Police Officer" badges shall be issued by the Chief of Police and only to
persons who have secured commissions as Special Police Officer from said Chief of Police and who have paid
all fees required therefor by this ordinance or other ordinances of the City of Las Vegas, if so required.

Section 6. Every holder of said Special Police Officer's badge shall comply with the following
provisions and regulations:

(a)	It shall be the duty of every person to whom a special police officer's badge has been issued
to furnish and keep on file with the Chief of Police, a true home address of such person.

(b)	It shall be the duty of every person having a Special Police Officer's commission from the
Chief of Police to have on his person a special police officer's badge while performing the duties of a
special police officer.

(c) Any private patrol, guard, bank guard, night watchman or other person who wears a uniform
while performing any of the duties of his position as a Special Police Officer shall wear a special Police
officer's badge on the outside or front of his uniform so that the same is available at all times while
performing such work.

(d) No person shall wear or have in his possession any special police officer's badge unless said
badge has been regularly issued to such person in accordance with the provisions of this ordinance.

(e)	It shall be the duty of any person after he has severed his employment with any private patrol
or who has ceased to perform the duties which require the issuance of a special police officer's badge, to
return the Special Police Officer's badge to the Chief of Police.

(f)	The Chief of Police shall make a charge of Ten Dollars ($10.00) for the issuance of every
Special Police Officer's badge and for every badge issued to replace a lost badge which sum shall be con-
sidered as rental for the use of said badge, which shall at all times be and remain the property of the City.

(g) The Chief of Police shall also make a charge of Fifteen Dollars ($15.00) to cover the costs
of investigation of any applicant for a commission as a special police officer, or to cover the costs of an
investigation of an application for a permit to operate a business of private patrol.

(h)	The Chief of Police shall have the power and authority to adopt and prescribe the uniform to
be worn by all special police officers, guards, bank guards or other special officers required to wear bad-
ges, while performing the duties of such special police officer.

Section 7.

(a)	COMMISSION SUSPENSION. Any commission granted to any individual as a Special Police Officer
may be temporarily suspended by a written order signed by the Chief of Police.

(b)	REVOCATION OF COMMISSION. When the Chief of Police shall have issued any commission to any
individual as a Special Police Officer under the provisions of this ordinance, the same may be revoked at
any time thereafter by said Chief of Police, if said Chief of Police becomes satisfied that the issuance of
said commission to any individual as a Special Police Officer is not conducive to the public welfare and
safety for any reason, or that said commission as a Special Police Officer has been used in an illegal

or improper manner. The Chief of Police may revoke or suspend commission issued to any individual as a
Special Police Officer when such individual violates any law of the State of Nevada, or any ordinance of
this City, including the provisions of this ordinance.

Section 8. In addition to all other provisions of this ordinance every Special Police Officer

shall:

1.	Obey the laws of the United States, the State of Nevada, the City of Las Vegas, orders of the
courts, and all regulations governing Special Police Officers;

2.	Perform the duties of a Special Police Officer only at the specific location authorized by the
Chief of Police, or as assigned by the private patrol employing such Special Police Officer in accordance
with the permit issued to such private patrol.

3.	Be neat and clean of person and clothing or uniform, and maintain equipment in good order and
ready for immediate use;

4. Identify himself as a Special Police Officer and upon request give his name, badge number,
and employer's name;