Chapter II-- Requirements for Group "F" Occupancies

Section 1105 is hereby amended by adding thereto the following additional paragraph, to-wit:

Buildings or structures occupied by restaurants, food establishments or any occupancy that
involves the processing, preparation, manufacturing, storage or handling of foodstuffs dr food
products intended for human consumption shall have an anteroom between any toilet room and
any other room. All construction in addition to any requirements of this Code shall be as
required by State Law regulating the sanitation of food establishments.

Chapter 12 - Requirements for Group "G" Occupancies

Section 1205 is hereby amended by adding thereto the following additional paragraph, to-wit:

Buildings or structures of any occupancy that involves the processing, preparation, manu-
facturing, storage or handling of foodstuffs or food products intended for human consumption
shall have an anteroom between any toilet room or any other room. All construction in
addition to any requirements of this Code shall be as required by State law regulating the
sanitation of food establishments.

-

Chapter 13 - Requirements for Group "H" Occupancies

Section 1305 is hereby amended by adding thereto the following paragraph, to-wit:

No door or other opening in any bathroom or toilet compartment shall open from or into any
room in which food is stored, prepared or consumed.

Chapter 14 - Requirements for Group "I" Occupancies

Section 1405 is hereby amended by adding thereto the following additional paragraph, to-wit;

No door or other opening in any bathroom or toilet compartment shall open from or into any
room in which food is stored, prepared, or consumed.

E.	PART IV - REQUIREMENTS BASED ON LOCATIONS IN FIRE ZONES.

Chapter 16 - Restrictions in Fire Zones

General

Section 1601 (a) Fire Zones defined as hereby amended to read as follows*

For the purpose of this Code, the entire city is hereby declared to be and is hereby est-
ablished a Fire District and said Fire District shall be known and designated as Fire Zone
One, Two and Two Special, and Three, and shall include such territory or portions of said
city as outlined in an ordinance of said city Entitled; "An Ordinance creating and establ-
ishing fire zones." Whenever in such ordinance creating and establishing fie zones, re-
ference is made to any fire zone, it shall be construed to mean one of the four fire zones
designated and referred to in this chapter.

Restrictions - Fire Zone #1

Section 1602 (a) - GENERAL - is hereby a mended by adding thereto the following additional
paragraph, to-wit;

No building of Type V construction shall be erected, constructed or moved within Fire Zone

#1.

An addition sub-section is hereby added, as follows:

Section 1602 (f) - Non-Conforming Occupancies. Any occupancy not permitted in Fire Zone #1
as covered by sub-section (e) of this section (1602), but existing at the time this ordinance
is enacted, shall be deemed, for the purpose and intent of this ordinance, a non-conforming
occupancy.

Such non-conforming occupancy shall be permitted to remain and be operated in Fire Zone #1
for a period of 5 years from and after the date this ordinance becomes effective, pro-
vided that the maintenance and operation of such occupancy is conducted in a manner minimiz-
ing hazard to life or property and satisfactory to the Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas.

After said period of 5 years, and upon written notice of the Building Inspector, counter-
signed by the fire Chief, such non-conforming occupancy shall be made to comply with the
requirements of Section 1008, Chapter 10 of this Code.

Restriction Fire Zone #2 and #2s

Section 1603 (a) - GENERAL - is hereby amended to read as follows:

Paragraph 1 - Type IV. Buildings or structures of Type IV construction having an area
greater than seventy-five hundred square feet (7,500 sq. ft.) shall not be erected, constru-
ted, moved within or into Fire Zone #2 or fire Zone #2s, and such buildings over one-
tho sand square feet (1,000 sq. ft.) in area erected, constructed, moved within, or into
Fire Zone #2 or Fire Zone #2s, shall have all exterior walls of not less than four- hour
fire resistive construction.

Section 1603 (b) Limitations of types of Construction, Paragraph 2, Type V is hereby deleted
and repealed.