

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed regular meeting of the
Board of the 4th day of June, 1942, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted
upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, for
a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading.
And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board a second time at a recessed regular meeting
of the Board on the 7th day of July, 1942.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, and Tinch, and his Honor the Mayor, Howell
C. Garrison, Voting Aye.

Voting No: None.

Absent and not voting, None.

Howell C. Garrison

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Clark County, Nevada

Attest: Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk,

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

( ss

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuous-
ly published in said newspaper for a period of Two Weeks, from June 5th, 1942 to June 12th
1942, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates; to-wit:

June 5th - 12th -

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed, Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day
of June 1942.

A. E. Cahlan

(SEAL)	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My commission expires, Jan. 12, 1943.

ORDINANCE NO. 275

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE PARKING OF
VEHICLES ON PRIVATE PREMISES

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. Definitions. Whenever the following terms are used in this
Ordinance, they shall be deemed and construed to have the meaning ascribed to them, as
follows:

Vehicle:	Any device upon or by which any person or property is transport-

ed from one place to another.

To Park: To stand a vehicle for a period of time greater than is reasonably-
necessary for the actual loading thereon or unloading therefrom of persons or property.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person to park any vehicle owned,
operated or under control of such person in or upon any premises owned by another.

Section 3. The provisions of Section 2 shall not apply to any person who
parks such vehicle upon the premised of another with the permission, express or implied,
of the owner or lessee of such premises, or the agent of such owner or lessee, provided
that such vehicle is parked within the limits and according to the restrictions, if any, of
such permission.

Section 4. When any person, firm or corporation shall establish a place for
parking vehicles on premises owned or leased by such person, firm or corporation such own-
er or lessee or the agent of such owner or lessee, may designate the space for parking and
the manner of parking thereon, the space thereon to be used for parking by different types
of vehicles and may also limit the time such vehicle may remain parked on such premises.

Such designation of manner, space and time limitations may be made by appropriate signs,
so posted that an ordinary intelligent and observant person would be apprised of or aware
of their existence and meaning. Any permission given to another, or others, by the owner,
lessee or agent of such owner or lessee of such premises, to park thereon, shall be con-
sidered as limited and restricted to the space for parking, manner of parking, space to be
used by designated types of vehicles, and time, so designated.

Section 5. The provisions of this ordinance shall not apply to emergency
vehicles of the police, fire or health departments of the City of Las Vegas, not to any
vehicle owned or operated by the County of Clark, or the State of Nevada, or an officer
thereof actually engaged in emergency duties of his office.

Section 6. Any person violating the provisions of this Ordinance shall be