Section 1603 (c) - ALTERATIONS - is hereby amended to read as follows:

No building of Type IV construction in excess of one thousand square feet (1,000 sq.ft.) in
floor area, nor any building of type V construction already erected in Fire Zone #2 or Fire
Zone #2s, shall hereafter be altered, raised, enlarged, added to or moved, except as
follows?

1.	Such building may be made to conform to the provisions of sub-section (b) of this sect-
tion.

2. Changes, alterations, and repars to the interior of such building or to the front there-
of facing a public street may be made, provided that such changes do not, in the opinion of
the Building Inspector, increase the fire hazard of such building.

3.	Roofs of such buildings may be covered only with a "fire retardant" roofing as specified
in Section 4305. See Section 104 (e) for repairs.

4.	Such building may be moved entirely outside the limits of fire Zone #2.

5.	Such building may be demolished.

6.	Combustible finish on the outside of walls may be replaced by, or covered with, exterior
plaster as specified in Chapter 47.

Section 1603(d) - Occupancies Prohibited - is hereby amended to read as follows?

1.	No Group "E" occupancies, except the following, shall be permitted in Fire Zone No. 2:

Public garages, dry cleaning plants using flammable liquids, paint shops and spray
painting rooms and shop, provided such uses and occupancies conform with the requir-
ments of Section 1008, Chapter 10 of this Code.

The following occupancies may be permitted in Fire Zone #2 provided that special permit
or certificate of approval is first obtained from the Fire Chief of the City of Las
Vegas:

Planning mills, box factories, woodworking and mattress factories.

Such occupancies and use shall not be permitted nor a certificate of approval issued un-
less the same comply with the "Suggested Fire Prevention Ordinance, Edition of 1943,
Recommended by the National Board of Fire Underwriters."

2.	The following occupancies may be permitted in Fire Zone No. 2s, provided that a special
permit or certificate of approval is first obtained from the Fire Chief of the City of
Las Vegas:

Paint or petroleum storage and storage of hazardous and highly inflammable or explosive
materials and liquids.

Such occupancies and use shall not be permitted nor a certificate of approval issued unless
the same comply with the "Suggested Fire Prevention Ordinance, Edition of 1943, Reco-
mmended by the National Board of Fire Underwriters."

Section 5. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are here-
by repealed. But it is specifically provided that neither the amendment hereby mads to
said ordinance nor any repel hereby provided for shall affect in any way any prosecution for
the violation of said ordinances and/or parts of ordinances repealed by this ordinance pend-
ing at the time this ordinance becomes effective.

Section 6. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, adoption and
publication for two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a period of two weeks in the
Las Vegas Tribune, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada.

Section 7. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have
this City ordinance published in the Las Vegas Tribune, a daily newspaper printed and published
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say,
once each week for a period of two weeks.

_____/s/ E. W. Cragin_________________

Mayor

Attest:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this 7th
day of August, 1945, by the following vote?

Voting Aye? Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, and His Honor, Mayor Cragin.

Voting No :	None

Absent	:	Commissioner Corradetti