AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)

COUNTY OF CLARK)SS.

F. F. Garside, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks from December 10th 1936 to December 17th
1936 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

December 10th-17th

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed F. F. Garside

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th day of December 1936

A.	E. Cahlan_____________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires
Jan 12 1939

( NOTARY SEAL )

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board held on the 4th day of December 1936, at which time it was proposed, considered
and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Review
Journal, a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week
for two consecutive weeks, immediately following its first reading. And it was there read
aloud to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved, and finally passed at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the fourth day of January, 1937,

Voting ayes: Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry, and His Honor the Mayor, L. L.
Arnett. Noes, None. Absent, None.

Approved:

L. L. Arnett__________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

ATTEST:

Viola Burns______

City Clerk

( CITY SEAL )

ORDINANCE NO. 223

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
to borrow Sixteen Thousand Five Hundred Ninety-seven and 95/100 ($16,597.95) Dollars, to cover certain unpaid
assessments heretofore levied and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas for the
purpose of paying for the work of making improvements In the City of Las Vegas by grading for and the construc-
tion of oil bound gravel pavements and curbs and gutters on certain streets and portions of streets in the
City of Las Vegas and particularly described in what is called "Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3",
and to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said bonds to be known as "Las Vegas 1937
Improvement District No. 3 Bonds", and providing for the collection of the said unpaid assessments by dividing
the same into ten (10) annual installments and placing said installments on the tax roll of Clark County and
collecting the same in the same manner as state and county taxes are collected by law, and other matters re-
lating thereto.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN:

Section 1. That for the purpose of paying for the work of grading for and construction of oil bound
gravel pavements, and curbs and gutters, on certain streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, to-wit: Portions of the following named streets: Sixth Street, Seventh Street, Eighth Street, Ninth
Street, Tenth Street, Eleventh Street, Linden Avenue, Mesquite Avenue, Stewart Street, Ogden Street, Carson
Street, Bridger Street, Lewis Street, Clark Street, Bonneville Street, Garces Street, Charleston Boulevard,
Division Street and Fifth Place, the particular lots and parcels of land, and the persons to whom assessed being
particularly described and set forth in City Ordinances Nos. 221 and 222 of the City of Las Vegas, for which
special assessments have heretofore been levied and confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners and not paid
in full by said owners of property on said streets heretofore named and in compliance with and by virtue and
authority of a certain Act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada approved March 13, 1909, entitled "An Act
to authorize municipalities to issue bonds for the purpose of paying the cost of municipal improvements for
which special assessments are levied" as amended, and in accordance with City Ordinance No. 221 of the City of
Las Vegas, finally approved January 4, 1937, and City Ordinance No. 222 of the City of Las Vegas, finally
approved the 4th day of January, 1937, and in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized, empowered and directed to
issue in the name of the City of Las Vegas, ten (10) bonds of the denomination of One Thousand ($1,000.00)
Dollars, and nine (9) bonds of the denomination of Five Hundred ($500.00) Dollars each, and one (1) bond of
the denomination of Six Hundred Fifty-four and 55/100 ($654.55) Dollars, payable in equal annual periods of
from one to ten years from January 1, 1937, each bearing interest at the rate of not to exceed seven (7%) per
cent per annum, the said interest to be payable annually on the first day of January of each year; provided,
the said bond in the sum of Six Hundred Fifty-four and 55/100 (654.55) Dollars shall be payable on the 1st
day of January, 1937, and all of which said bonds shall be sold to the bidder making the best bid, but shall not
be sold for less than par value and accrued interest.