APARTMENT:

A room, or a suite of rooms, within an apartment house or an apartment hotel, either with or without kitchen
facilities, which is designed for, intended for, or occupied by one family.

APARTMENT, COURT:

(See Court, Apartment).

APARTMENT HOTEL:

A building or portion thereof under resident supervision, designed for or containing both individual guest
rooms or suite of rooms and dwelling units and which maintains an inner lobby through which all tenants must
pass to gain access to the apartments.

APARTMENT HOUSE:

Any building or portion thereof designed for or occupied by three (3) or more families living independently
of each other in apartments any two or more of which use any entrance or hall in common.

APARTMENT HOUSE, RESIDENTIAL:

A multiple dwelling designed for or occupied by three (3) or more families living independently of each
other in dwelling units any two or more of which use any entrance or hall in common.

AUTOMOBILE COURT:

An establishment of a commercial hotel or resort hotel nature consisting of a group of attached buildings, or
a group of two or more detached or semi-detached buildings containing guest rooms with garage attached or auto
storage space conveniently located to each unit, which group is designed or used primarily for accomodation of
automobile travelers or transients; including groups designated as auto cabins, motor lodges, motels and by
similar designations.

AUTOMOBILE PARKING SPACE:

(See Parking Space, Automobile.)

AUTOMOBILE SERVICE STATION:

Any building, structure, premises, inclosure or place used for the dispensing, sale of. offering for sale of
any fuels or oils to the motor vehicle trade, and having all pumps and storage tanks located wholly within
lot lines, but not including general mechanical or auto body repair, tire or battery rebuilding or steam
automobile washing. When such dispensing, sale or offering for sale of any fuels, or oils is incidental to
the conduct of a public garage, the premises shall be classified as a public garage.

AUTOMOBILE STORAGE SPACE:

A permanently maintained space on the same lot or parcel of land as is located the use which it is designed to
serve, of adequate size, location, accessibility and arrangement to permit the storage of one (1) automobile.

AUTOMOBILE & TRAILER SALES AREA:

An open area other than a street, alley, place, or any public way or grounds, used for the display, sale or
rental of new or used automobiles or trailers, and where no repair work is done except minor incidental re-
pair on automobiles or trailers to be displayed, sold or rented on the premises.

BASEMENT:

A story partly underground and having at least half (½) of its heights above the average level of the adjoin-
ing ground. A basement, when designed or occupied for dwelling, business or manufacturing purposes, shall be
counted as a story.

BAR:

(See Tavern)

BILLBOARD:

A surface whereon advertising matter is set in view conspicuously and which advertising does not apply to
premises whereon it is displayed.

BLOCK:

That property so designated on an official map of the City or part of the City, or bounded by streets, or by
a street or streets and railroad right of way, unsubdivided acreage, or other natural or physical barrier.

BUILDABLE AREA:

The buildable area of a lot, shall be the space remaining after the minimum open space requirements of this
Ordinance have been complied with.

BUILDING:

Any structure having a roof supported by columns or walls for the housing or inclosure of persons, animals,
or chattels. Where a dwelling is separated by a division wall without openings, each portion of such dwelling
shall be deemed a separate building, except in the case of attached accessory buildings or dwellings with
common-party walls.

BUILDINGS, ACCESSORY:

A detached subordinate building or portion of the main building, the use of which is incidental to that of
the main building on the same lot, and/or to the use of the land, and which is used exclusively by the