city, and posting notices in three public places near the site of the proposed improvements.
The notices shall also state the time when the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas will meet and consider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties
in interest to the proposed improvement.

Section 4. This Ordinance shall be in force and effect upon its publication as
in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas shall cause this Ordinance No. 321, to be published once a week for two consecutive
weeks, immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the
Board of City Commissioners on the 7th day of September, 1946, and referred to the following
committee composed of Commissioners Clark and Bates for recommendation; thereafter the said
committee reported favorably on the said Ordinance on the 21st day of September , 1946,
which was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at said regular
meeting held on the 21st day of September, 1946, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to
the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Cragin

Voting "Nay": None

Absent: Commissioner Clark

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the LAS VEGAS
EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of 2 times from Sept. 24, 1946 to Oct. 1, 1946
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: Sept. 24-
Oct. 1-1946. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates
above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie_______________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th
day of October, 1946

A. E. Cahlan________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires
Jan. 12, 1947