Section 6. That as soon as the said special assessment roll, as provided for in
Section 3 of this ordinance, shall have been confirmed and recorded, the several amounts
 contained therein and levied on and against the properties therein, shall be due and payable
at once, and shall be paid to the County Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Receiver of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, Ex-officio Treasurer and Tax Receiver of the City of Las Vegas, and

be by that officer paid into and credited to the Special Fund to be known as and called "Las
Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3" and all costs and expenses incurred in making said 
improvements, as in this ordinance contained, shall be charged to and paid out of said fund. Pro-
vided, however, that in the event it becomes necessary to draw on the General Fund of the City
of Las Vegas to defray any of the costs and expenses of making any of said improvements, except
as otherwise provided for by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, that the said General Fund
shall be reimbursed by transfer of funds from said "Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3"
as soon as the financial condition of same will permit. And provided further that where there
shall be lands belonging to the City, or public ground not taxable, abutting on such improvements,
or such improvements shall be made upon interior squares or spaces, formed by the intersection
of streets and spaces opposite alleys, general bonds of the City of Las Vegas may be issued under
proper procedure taken therefor by the Board of Commissioners to provide funds for the purpose of defray-
ing such portion of the expenses thereof as the Board of Commissioners shall determine to be
paid from the General Fund or from the proper Street Fund, or District Street Fund, or partly
from each, or to be stood and borne by the City of Las Vegas.

Section 7. This Ordinance shall be and become effective upon its publication
and final passage.

Section 8. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and
directed to cause this ordinance to be published the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper,
published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for a period of once a week for two consecutive
weeks immediately following its first reading.

This Ordinance was read aloud for the first time, proposed, considered and voted
upon this fourth day of December, 1936. Voting Ayes: Commissioners Down, Marble, Krause,

Perry and His Honor, the Mayor, L. L. Arnett. Voting Nays: None.

L. L. Arnett______________Mayor

of the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:

Viola Burns____________City Clerk

and Clerk of the Board of Commis-
sioners of the City of Las Vegas.

( City Seal )

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board held on the 4th day of December 1936, at which time it was proposed, considered and
voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal, a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for
two consecutive weeks, immediately following its first reading, And, it was thereafter read
aloud to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at a regular meeting
of the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of January, 1937.

Voting ayes: Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor, L. L. Arnett.

Noes, none.

Absent None.

Approved:

L. L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

ATTEST:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
( City Seal )

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

F. F. Garside, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is publisher of the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from December 10th 1936 to December 17th
1936 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

December 10th-17th

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed F. F. Garside

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th day of December 1936

A. E. Cahlan_________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires

Jan 12, 1939	( Notary Seal )