ORDINANCE No. 324

NOTE: This ordinance was read, but never published; therefore, is not good.

----oOo----

ORDINANCE No. 325

AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT GAMING AND OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A LICENSE THEREFOR; REGULATING THE SAME; FIXING THE AMOUNT OF LIC-
ENSE FEES; PROVIDING THE PENALTY FOR VIOLATIONS THEREOF; REPEALING ORDINANCES No. 77, 82,

88, 103, 115, 165, 245, 271, 287, and 319, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN
CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation,
either as owner, lessee, or employee, whether for hire or not, to deal, operate, carry on,
conduct, maintain, or expose for play, within the City of Las Vegas, any game of faro, monte,
roulette, keno, fan-tan, twenty-one, stud poker, draw poker, or any banking or percentage
game played with cards, dice, or any mechanical device or machine, for money, property,
checks, credit, or any representative of value; or any gambling game in which any person,
firm, association or corporation keeping, conducting, managing, or permitting the same to
be carried on, receives, directly or indirectly, any compensation or reward, or any per-
centage or share of the money or property played, for keeping, running, carrying on, or
permitting the said game to be carried on; or to play, maintain, or keep any slot machine
played for money, for checks or tokens redeemable in money or property, without having
first procured a license for the same as hereinafter provided; and provided further, that
no alien, or any person except a citizen of the United States, shall be issued a license,
or shall directly or indirectly own, operate or control any game or device so licensed.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, association or corporation to
knowingly permit any of the slot machines, games or devices mentioned in Section 1 of this
Ordinance to be conducted, operated, dealt or carried on in any house or building owned by
him, her or it, in whole or in part, except by a person, firm, association or corporation
who has received a license as herein provided, or his employee.

Section 3. For the purposes of this Ordinance, the term game or games shall be con-
strued to mean and include all games or devices herein mentioned and any slot machine or
slot machines played for money or for checks or tokens redeemable in money or property.

Section 4. Nothing in this Ordinance shall be construed to prohibit social games
played solely for drinks or cigars served individually, or games played in private homes
or residences for prizes, or nickel-in-the-slot machines operated solely for cigars or
drinks.

Section 5. No game, slot machine or gambling device, as enumerated in Section 1 and
defined in Section 3 of this Ordinance, for which a license has been issued, shall be con-
ducted, maintained or operated within the City of Las Vegas except within the district
thereof bounded by the east side of Main Street, the south side of Stewart Avenue, the
west side of Second Street, and the north side of Carson Avenue, and no license shall be
issued to conduct, maintain or operate such game, slot machine or gambling device except
within said district, provided that a license may be issued for the conduct, only upon
the street floor thereof and in conformity with all the requirements of the provisions of