changed address or voluntarily cancelling his license in accordance with the Rules and Regulations of the
Nevada State Real Estate Board shall automatically cancel the license theretofore issued.

Section 8. Real estate brokers who share space with another real estate broker, and engage in
the real estate business in the capacity of an independent broker, and not as a real estate salesman em-
ployed by another broker shall be subject to all of the terms, conditions, provisions, requirements and
fees applicable to a "real estate broker" under the provisions of this ordinance.

Section 9. Every person, copartnership, association or corporation licensed as a real estate
broker under the provisions of this ordinance shall be required to have and maintain a definite place of
business within the City of Las Vegas, which shall be a room or rooms used for the transaction of real
estate business, and which will serve as his, their or its office for the transaction of business under the
authority of said license, and where said license shall be prominently displayed. When a real estate office
is conducted in a private home, a room or rooms shall be set apart to be used for the transaction of such
real estate business. The location of all places of business conducted by a real estate broker, including
main and branch offices, shall be in accordance with the Zoning Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas and/or
all other City Ordinances and Regulations pertaining to the conduct and maintenance of such a business for
commercial enterprise.

Section 10. Any person, copartnership, association or corporation violating the provisions of
this Ordinance shall, upon conviction thereof, if a person, be punished by a fine of not more than Five
Hundred Dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail not to exceed six (6) months, or by both
such fine and imprisonment, and, if a copartnership, association, or corporation, be punished by a fine
not to exceed Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00). Any officer or agent of a corporation, or member or agent
of a copartnership, or association, who shall personally participate in, or be accessory to any violation
of the provisions of this ordinance by such copartnership, association, or corporation, shall be subject
to the penalty herein prescribed for individuals.

Section 11. Subsection 2 of Section 8 of Ordinance No. entitled: "AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY
OF IAS VEGAS LICENSING, FOR PURPOSES OF REGULATION AND REVENUE EVERY KIND OF LAWFUL BUSINESS HEREINAFTER
SPECIFIED, TRANSACTED OR CARRIED ON WITHIN THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS, STATE OF NEVADA;
FIXING THE RATES OF LICENSE TAX UPON THE SAME AND PROVIDING FOR THE COLLECTION OF SAID LICENSE TAX, AND A
PUNISHMENT FOR CARRYING ON OR CONDUCTING ANY SUCH BUSINESS WITHOUT A LICENSE, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES
NUMBERS 1, 2, 4, 13, 14, 35, 48, 62, 74, 75, 81, 95, 102, 105, 108, 112, 117, 145, 184, 192 and 243,"
and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions of this ordinance are hereby
repealed.

Section 12. The provisions of this ordinance shall be severable, and if any of said provisions,
or the application thereof to any person, body or circumstances, shall be held to be invalid or unconsti-
tutional, the remainder of this ordinance, or the application of such provision to persons, bodies or cir-
cumstances other than those as to which it shall have been held invalid or unconstitutional, shall not be
affected thereby. It is hereby declared as the intent of the Board of Commissioners that this ordinance
would have been adopted had such invalid or unconstitutional provision, or the application thereof to
persons, bodies or circumstances as to which it shall have been held invalid and unconstitutional pro-
vision, or the application thereof to persons, bodies or circumstances as to which it shall have been
held invalid and unconstitutional, not been included therein.

Section 13. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the
next section provided, and final passage.

Section 14. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin______________

Mayor

/ s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of City
Commissioners on the 20th day of August, 1948, and referred to the following committee composed of Com-
missioners Moore and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on
said Ordinance on the 22nd day of September, 1948 which was the regular meeting of said Board of City
Commissioners; that at said regular meeting held on the 22nd day of September, 1948, the proposed ordin-
ance was read in full to the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following
vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Moore and Whipple
Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Clark

APPROVED:

ATTEST:

/s/ Reed Whipple________________

/s/ Shirley Ballinger	Acting Mayor Pro Tem

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was thereafter read aloud to the said Board of City Commissioners for a
second time at a regular meeting of the said Board held on the 7th day of October, 1948, and passed by the
following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin
Voting "Nay": None

APPROVED:

Absent:	None

ATTEST:	/s/ E. W. Cragin

/s/ Shirley Ballinger	Mayor

      City Clerk