The electrical inspector may give temporary permission to furnish electric current to, or for
use of electric current, through wires or other equipment for a length of time not to exceed
thirty (30) days, if it appears to the electrical inspector that such wire, etc. may be
safely used, and that there exists an urgent necessity for such use and special permission.
In this case a special tag or marker shall be attached in a suitable place on the work, and
shall show the date, location and special approval, date of expiration of such permission
and signature of inspector.

Temporary permits for the use of lights and/or motors in buildings in the course of con-
struction or undergoing repairs shall be issued to cover s period of thirty (30) days upon
payment of One ($1.00) Dollar.

Temporary permits shall be issued to cover a period of thirty (30) days for the use of current
for outdoor attractions, such as circuses, carnivals, shows, fairs, boxing and wrestling
matches, etc. as follows:

Where the person or firm or organization conducting such attraction has held and maintained
their residence for (60) sixty days or more in the City of Las Vegas, the payment shall be
$1.00

Where the person or firm or organization conducting any such attraction has not held or
maintained their residence for sixty (60) days or more in the City of Las Vegas, the payment
shall be $5.00.

Section 11. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say once each week for a period
of two weeks.

H.P. Marble

Mayor Pro Tem

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
(City Seal)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted at a re-
gular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada, this 7th day of March A.D. 1938, by the following vote:

Commissioners Krause, Ronnow, and Perry and the Mayor Pro Tem H.P Marble, voting aye.

Voting No, None.

Absent Mayor Arnett.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of a first time at a recessed regular meeting
of the Board held on the 7th day of March, 1938, at which time it was proposed, considered
and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas evening
Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once
a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And, it was
thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed
at a recessed regular meeting of the Board held on the 8th day of April, 1938.

Voting aye. Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem H.P. Marble.

Noes, none.

Absent Commissioner Perry and Mayor Arnett.

H.P. Marble Mayor Pro Tem
of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA	)ss

COUNTY OF CLARK	)

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the county of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from March 8th to March 15th 1938
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

March 8th and 15th. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named.	Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th day of March, 1938.

A.E. Cahlan

	Notary Public in and for Clark County

My Commission expires Jan 12 1939.	Nevada.

Notarial seal