It shall be unlawful for any journeyman electrician to do electrical
work in the City of Las Vegas without first procuring a certificate therefor as
herein provided. Every application for a certificate as journeyman electrician
within the City of Las Vegas shall be made to the City Clerk, and the Board of
Commissioners of said City shall thereupon arrange for an examination of said
applicant either by the Electrical Inspector of said City or such other person or
persons as may be named therefor by said Board of Commissioners, as to his quali-
fications and fitness for such work, and if, after such examination it shall be
found that the applicant is qualified to do the work of journeyman electrician with-
in the said City and properly install electrical wiring and electrical lighting
and heating apparatus in accordance with the provisions of the then existing ordin-
ances of the City of Las Vegas relating to such work, or properly supervise the in-
stallation of electrical wiring and electrical lighting and heating apparatus, a
certificate reciting that he is so qualified shall be issued to him, signed by the
Mayor and by the Electrical Inspector. The fee for the examination for journeymen
electrician shall be Five Dollars ($5.00) and shall be paid to the City Clerk, at
the time of making such application.

Every person of the age of twenty-one years or over, engaged in work
as master electrician or journeyman electrician in the City of Las Vegas at the
time of the taking effect of this Ordinance, shall apply for and receive a cer-
tificate of competency from said Board of Examination before continuing such
work, but shall not be required to submit to examination in order to receive the
same. The provisions for taking out license and for annual renewal of license of
master electrician shall apply to the master electricians mentioned in this para-
graph. In case of the revocation of a certificate of competency, as herein pro-
vided for, such person shall submit to and pass an examination for competency be-
fore such Board of Examination before being reinstated and having a new certificate
issued to him. The revocation of certificate of competency of a journeyman elec-
trician may be had in the same manner and with the same effect as hereinabove pro-
vided for the revocation of certificate of competency of master electrician."

SECTION 5. Section 5 of Ordinance No. 161 of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby
repealed.

SECTION 6. Section 13 of Ordinance No. 161 of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby
amended to read as follows:

"The Electrical Inspector shall issue written orders to the City Clerk for all per-
mits, shall make inspections and shall keep a complete record of all orders for
permits issued by him and all inspections made by him, and shall perform such
other offician duties as may be required under the provisions of this or any other
Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas relating to electrical installations, alterations,
and/or repairs. All fees for permits and privileges and licenses under this ordin-
ance shall be paid directly to the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas,

No electrical installation, fixture or connection work of any kind shall be commenced
by any person, firm or corporation without first having obtained therefor, a permit
under the provisions of this ordinance."

SECTION 7. Section 15 of Ordinance No. 161 of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby
amended to read as follows:

"A fee of $1.00 shall be charged for each survey of a proposed electrical installa-
tion, alteration or repair for which a permit has not first been issued, which
amount shall be paid to the City Clerk by any person, firm or corporation responsible
for each survey."

SECTION 8. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby
repealed.

SECTION 9. The City Clerk. is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a Daily newspaper, published in the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each
week for a period of two weeks.

H. P. MARBLE

ATTEST:	Mayor

VIOLA BURNS
City Clerk.

(City Seal)

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted this
6th day of May, A.D., 1938, by the following vote:

Commissioners, Krause, Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor, H. P. Marble, voting Aye.
Voting no, none. Absent, Commissioner Perry.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed regular
meeting of the Board held on the 6th day of May, 1938, at which time it was proposed,
Considered and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the
Las Vegas Evening-Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas, for a period of once each week for a period of two weeks immediately following
its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time
adopted and approved and finally passed at a regular meeting of the Board held on the
Fourth day of June, 1938. Voting aye: Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor
the Mayor, H.P. Marble. Noes, none. Absent Commissioner Perry.

ATTEST:		H. P. MARBLE

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

City Clerk		

(City Seal)