	(11) The word "cabaret" means a place for the entertainment of guests and where meals

and beverages are served.

(12) A "drug store" means a place where medicines are sold and prescriptions compounded.

(13) A "wholesale liquor establishment" is defined to be a place where alcoholic,
spirituous, vinous, malt, or mixed alcoholic and intoxicating liquors and beverages are kept,
sold, given away or distributed, in quantities not less than five (5) gallons, contained in
sealed or corked packages or kegs, and not to be consumed on the premises where so kept, sold,
given away or distributed, and to be sold, given away or distributed to retailers only.

(14)	A "retail liquor establishment" is defined to be a place where any alcoholic
liquors and beverages, as herein defined, sold, served, given away or distributed, in
quantities not to exceed four and nine-tenths (4.9) gallons to the same person or for the
same person's use, at any one time.

Section 3. Wholesale liquor establishments may be maintained and kept in that portion
of the City of Las Vegas designated in Section 4 of this ordinance, and in what is known as
the industrial section of said city.

Section 4. Taverns may be maintained in that portion of the City of Las Vegas bounded
as follows: from the East side of Main Street and extending to the West side of Second
Street, and from the South Side of Stewart Street to the North side of Carson Street.

Section 5. Beverages containing not more than 4 per centum of alcohol by weight may
be sold, served or given away by regularly licensed establishments anywhere within the limits
of said city, except as prohibited by subdivision (6) of Section 18 of this ordinance.

Section 6. Drug Stores for the sale or distribution of alcoholic liquors may be main-
tained anywhere within the limits of said city, except as prohibited by subdivision (6) of
 Section 18 of this ordinance; and any alcoholic liquors sold therein shall be sold in origin-
al containers or sealed packages, and not consumed on the premises.

Section 7. Restaurants and clubs for the sale of beverages containing not more than
20 per centum of alcohol by weight, shall be maintained only within the zone designated in
Section 4 hereof.

A

Section 8. Cabarets for the sale of beverages containing not more than 20 per centum
of alcohol by weight, shall be maintained only at such place or places as may in the
discretion of the Board be specifically designated at the time application for a license
therefor is made.

Section 9. Whenever any person, firm corporation, co-partnership, association, social
club, or association of persons of any kind whatsoever desires to open, keep, carry on or
conduct any liquor establishment in the City of Las Vegas, or encage in the business thereof, such 

persons shall make application in writing to the Board of Commissioners of said City to obtain a 

license therefor; and said application shall contain and set forth the following:

(a)	The name and residence of the applicant or applicants and how long a resident
of the City of Las Vegas;

(b)	The kind of license desired, and the particular place for which such license is
desired, and the name of the owner of the premises where such business is to be conducted;

(c)	The person or persons interested in the business asked to be licensed;

(d)	A statement that if such permit is granted and a license issued, same will be
accepted by the applicant subject to the terms and provisions of this ordinance, and such
other rules and regulations as may at any time hereafter be adopted or enacted by resolu-
tion of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

(e)	The first quarterly license tax shall accompany the application, to be returned
to applicant if permit is denied.

(f)	Said application must be verified by the applicant or applicants thereof.

Section 10. When an applicant for a license is a corporation or association, the
application may be verified by its President, Secretary or Manager, and in addition to the
matters and things hereinbefore required to be set out in the application, there shall be
set forth the name of the person or persons who shall have the management of its business for
which or in connection with which a license is desired, and the names of the persons compos-
ing its Board of Directors or governing body.

Section 11. The Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas may, if the applicant
or applicants for permission to obtain a license is or are in the opinion of said Board a
proper person or proper persons to carry on such business, make an order that the City Clerk
issue a license to such person or persons.

Section 12. Any permit for a license granted by the Board of City Commissioners during
the month of December, 1933, shall continue in force until the first day of January, 1935;
and every permit granted by said Board after the month of December, 1933, shall continue in
force until the first day of January of the next succeeding year; provided however, such
permit or permits shall not have been rescinded, revoked or cancelled or the license there-
under declared forfeited; and provided further, that the Board of City Commissioners may at
any time in its discretion, without notice, rescind, revoke or cancel any permit for a liquor
license theretofore granted, and may cancel and declare forfeited any license issued, and
every such licensee accepts the permit and license subject to such right of revocation
without notice; and such permit and license shall be by said Board of City Commissioners
without notice revoked, rescinded and cancelled, for the violation of any of the provisions
of this ordinance.

Section 13. The holder of any permit shall be entitled to have the same renewed for
any ensuing year by said Board of City Commissioners, before the same expires, upon the filing
with said Board of City Commissioners by said holder, of the verified application required
by Section 9 of this ordinance. Upon the filing of such verified application, if the said
Board of City Commissioners find that the statements therein contained are true and if the
applicant or applicants for renewal of permit is or are in the opinion of said Board, a
proper person or proper persons to continue to carry on said liquor business, it shall renew
the permit of the liquor establishment the license for which is so applied for.