such times as the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas may prescribe. This
badge shall be sufficient identification to entitle him to admittance to all regular en-
trances, and to all parts of any slaughterhouse, and to any place at any time, for the pur-
pose of making an inspection pursuant to this ordinance.

Section 11. Every place where meat or flesh of any animal mentioned in this ordinance
or the product thereof, may be slaughtered, stored, held, kept, exposed or offered for
sale for human food, and also every establishment where meat is manufactures into articles
of food or preserved, cured, canned or otherwise prepared for food, shall comply with any
and all sanitary requirements now or hereafter established by the City Board of Health;
and in addition thereto shall comply with the following schedule of minimum requirements:

1.	Sufficient mechanical refrigeration shall be provided to maintain a temperature

of forty (40) degrees F. wherever meat or products are stored in quantities of one quarter
of a carcass or more.

2.	All sterilized meat and meat products shall be kept in a tightly closed san-
itary refrigerated container except while being handled, and no such meat or meat products
shall be transported except in a sanitary vehicle adequately protected from dirt and in-
sects. All cases or containers used for displaying meat and meat products shall be
thoroughly cleaned at intervals of not more than forty-eight (48) hours.

3.	All refrigerators where meat and meat products are store in quantities of one
quarter of a carcass or more shall be thoroughly cleaned at intervals of not more than

seven (7) days.	

4.	Floors and all meat handling instruments and equipment of all establishments

included in this ordinance shall be thoroughly cleaned at intervals of not more than

seven (7) days.					

5.	Walls, floors and ceilings of all retail meat establishments shall be of such

construction as to permit being kept in a sanitary condition.	

6.	Every individual handling unsterilized meat or meat products intended for human
consumption within the City of Las Vegas or for sale to any establishment mentioned in
this ordinance, shall be in possession of a certificate, dated and signed by the City
Health Officer, showing said individual to be free from clinical symptoms of any in-
fections, contagious or communicable disease, said certificate to be null and void six
months from date of issue. Inspectors appointed under the provisions of this ordinance

shall be considered meat handlers in this respect.

7. All individuals handling sterilized meat or meat products shall wear clean
white outer garments while so engaged except in cases where circumstances necessitate
the use of clean waterproof garments in slaughterhouses.

Sec. 12. Each Official Slaughtering Establishment designated by the Board of City
Commissioners shall pay to the City Clerk an annual license fee of Twenty-five Dollars
($25.00), and each retail establishment shall pay to the City Clerk a monthly inspection
fee of One Dollars ($1.00).

Section 13. It shall be the duties of the inspectors appointed under this ordinance
Bo make a sanitary inspection of every establishment as provided in Section 12 each
calendar month, and to render monthly a written report to the Board of City Commissioners
of all inspections made and of all fees collected and from whom collected.

Section 14. Any person, firm, corporation or association violating any of the pro-
visions of this ordinance, and every inspector who shall wilfully pass as fit, meats
which are unfit for human use and consumption, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not more than Four Hundred
Dollars ($400.00), or by imprisonment in the city jail for a period of not more than
two hundred days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 15. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordin-
ance are hereby repealed.

Proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this 11th day of September, 1933 by the
following vote: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

Published in the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper (except Monday), published
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, once a week for two weeks, to-wit: Sept. 12 and Sept.

19, 1933.

Read a second time and passed the 4th day of October, 1933 by the following
vote: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and Down and his Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

Approved this 4th day of October, 1933.

E.W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)