the sum of One Dollar ($1.00) for Apprentice Plumber examination. These fees shall
be paid to the secretary at the time of application.

CHAPTER 3. Section 305 , Schedule of Fees, is hereby amended to read as follows:

For each Plumbing Fixture and

waste discharging device-———— 	.50

For each House Sewer--------- 15.00

For each Cesspool——————— 3.00

For each Septic Tank——————— 3.00

For each Water Heater———— .50

For each Water Distribution System— 5.00+½¢ per foot.

For Plumbing Piping without fixtures- 2.50
For each Gas Piping System of 1 to

10 outlets—————————— 1.00

For each Gas Piping System of 10

outlets or more, per outlet—— .10
For each Swimming Pool

Public---------------------20.00

Private—————————— 10.00

For each piece of water treating or

water using equipment—————— .50

For Vacuum breakers of back-flow

protective devices installed sub-
sequent to the installation of
the piping or equipment served—

One to five———————— 1.00

Over five, each————————	.10

Minimum fee for any permit for work

requiring inspection—————— 2.50

CHAPTER 6. Section 609 is hereby amended to read as follows:

The drainage and plumbing system of each new building and of new work in-
stalled in an existing building shall be separate and independent of that of any other
building, and every building shall have an independent connection with a public or
private sewer when available.

Exception: Where one building stands in the rear of another building on an
interior lot and one private seweris available or can be constructed to the rear build-
ing through adjoining alley, courtyard or driveway, the highest drain from the front
building may be extended to the rear building and the whole may be construed as being
one house drain or house sewer.

CHAPTER 7. Section 703 is hereby amended to read as follows:

The minimum sizes of vertical and/or horizontal drainage and/or vent piping
shall be determined from the distribution and total of all fixture units connected there-
to, and additional, in the case of vertical soil, waste, and/or vent pipes, in accord-
ance with their length.

Table 3-VII shows the maximum number of fixture units allowed on any vertical
or horizontal soil or waste pipe, House Drain, and/or House Sewer of a given size; the
maximum number of fixture units allowed on any branch interval of a given size; the
maximum length (in feet) of any vertical soil, waste and/or vent pipe of a given size;
the maximum number of fixture units allowed on any one vent or vent stack of a given
size.

Every building in which soil or waste piping is installed and every connec-
tion to a sewage disposal system shall have at least one stack of a size equal to the
main house drain extending continuous from such house drain through the roof as a main
vent.

Exception: When the house drain exceeds 4" in size, such main vent shall
be equal to the largest stack in the building, but in no case less than 4".

CHAPTER 11. Section 1102, is hereby amended to read as follows:

Hot poured compounds: Where hot poured compounds are used the material shall
meet the approval of the local authorities. In general these materials shall be inert
and resistant to both acids and alkalies or other agencies of attack. They shall not
be water-absorbent and when poured against a clay surface shall have a bond of not less
than 100 pounds per square inch. When heated the material shall not segregate and shall
be sufficiently fluid to flow freely around the annular space. Each joint shall be
caulked to a depth not exceeding 25% of the depth of the socket with untreated jute
or other approved material. A satisfactory pouring rope and pouring hole shall be pro-
vided. Joints may be tested after one hour of pouring.

"Nothing contained in the above section shall be deemed to preclude the use
of other types of joints and/or connections of equal or better quality when first ap-
proved by the Department having jurisdiction."

CHAPTER 12. Section 1211, is hereby amended to read as follows:

Every building used for living or sleeping purposes shall be provided with
plumbing fixtures as provided by state or local jurisdiction.

Every factory, work shop, public laundry, cannery, meat packing establishment,
slaughter house, bottling works, dairy milk or cream establishment, public garage, ma-
chine shop, stores, retail or wholesale, or any similar building, works or establishment,
shall be provided with not less than one water closet and one basin or sink for each
fifteen (15) persons of each sex, or fractional part thereof, occupying, employed or
working in any such building or premises or portion thereof.

It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to use or occupy,
or lease or let to be used or occupied, any building or part thereof to be used as a
factory, laundry, lodging house or stores, retail or wholesale, or place in or where
human beings reside or work, unless such building is provided with at least one water
closet and one basin or sink for every fifteen (15) occupants, of each sex, workers,
employees, or residents in such building.