ORDINANCE NO. 367

AN ORDINANCE LICENSING, FOR THE PURPOSE OF REGULATION AND REVENUE, PEDDLERS, AS HEREIN DEFINED, IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS; FIXING THE FEES THEREFOR AND OTHER CHARGES IN CONNECTION THEREWITH; PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR
THE VIOLATION OF ANY OF THE PROVISIONS THEREOF, REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 160 AND ORDINANCE NO. 213, AND ALL
ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. PERMIT AND LICENSE REQUIRED. It shall be unlawful for any person to engage in the
business of peddler as defined in Section 2 of this ordinance within the corporate limits of the City of
Las Vegas without first obtaining a permit and license therefor as provided herein.

Section 2. DEFINITIONS

(a)	The word "person" as used herein shall include the singular and the plural and shall also
mean and include any person, firm, or corporation, association, club copartnership or society, or any
other organization.

(b)	The word "peddler" as used herein shall include any person, whether a resident of the City
of Las Vegas or not, travelling by foot, wagon, automotive vehicle, or any other type of conveyance, from
place to place, from house to house, or from street to street, carrying, conveying or transporting goods,
wares, merchandise, meats, fish, vegetables, fruits, garden truck, farm products or provisions, offering
and exposing the same for sale, or making sales and delivering articles to purchasers, provided that one
who solicits orders and as a separate transaction makes deliveries to purchasers as a part of a scheme or
design to evade the provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed a peddler subject to the provisions of
this ordinance. The word "peddler" shall include the words "hawker" and huckster."

Section 3. APPLICATION. Applicants for permit and license under this ordinance must file with
the City Clerk a sworn application in writing (in duplicate) on a form to be furnished by the City Clerk,
which shall give the following information:

(a)	Name and description of the applicant:

(b)	Address (legal and local);

(c) A brief description of the nature of the business and the goods to be sold and in the case
of products of farm or orchard, whether produced or grown by the applicant;

(d)	If employed, the name and address of the employer, together with credentials establishing
the exact relationship;

(e)	The quarterly period for which the right to do business is desired;

(f)	If a vehicle is to be used, a description of the same, together with license number or other
manes of identification.

(g)	A photograph of the applicant, taken within sixty (60) days immediately prior to the date
of the filing of the application, which picture shall be 2" by 2" showing the head and shoulders of the
applicant in a clear and distinguishing manner;

(h)	The fingerprints of the applicant and the names of at least two reliable property owners

of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, who will certify as to the applicant's good character and business
responsibility, or, in lieu of the names of references, any other available evidence as to the good character
and business responsibility of the applicant as will enable an investigator to properly evaluate such
character and business responsibility;

(i) A statement as to whether or not the applicant has been convicted of any crime, misdemeanor,
or violation of any municipal ordinance, the nature of the offense and the punishment or penalty assessed
therefor;

(j)	Applicant shall file with his application a statement by a reputable physician of the City
of Las Vegas dated not more than ten (10) days prior to submission of the application, certifying the ap-
plicant to be free of infectious, contagious, or communicable disease.

(k)	At the time of filing the application, a fee of Twenty-five ($25.00) Dollars shall be paid
to the City Clerk to cover the cost of investigation.

Section 4. INVESTIGATION AND ISSUANCE.

(a)	Upon receipt of such application, the original shall be referred to the Chief of Police,
who shall cause such investigation of the applicant's business and moral character to be made as he deems
necessary for the protection of the public good.

(b)	If as a result of such investigation the applicant's character or business responsibility
is found to be unsatisfactory, the Chief of Police shall endorse on such application his disapproval and
his reasons for the same, and return the said application to the City Clerk, who shall notify the applicant
that his application is disapproved and that no permit and license will be issued.

(c)	If as a result of such investigation, the character and business responsibility of the ap-
plicant are found to be satisfactory, the Chief of Police shall endorse on the application his approval,
execute a permit addressed to the applicant for the carrying on of the business applied for and return
said permit, along with the application to the City Clerk, who shall, upon payment of the prescribed
license fee, deliver to the applicant his permit and issue a license. Such license shall contain the
signature and seal of the issuing officer and shall show the name, address and photograph of said licensee,
the class of license issued and the kind of good to be sold thereunder, the amount of fee paid, the date
of issuance and the quarterly period for which the same shall be operative, as well as the license number
and other identifying description of any vehicle used in such peddling. The City Clerk shall keep a
permanent record of all licenses issued.