There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty (20) feet in depth.

G.	Dwelling Groups:

The regulations applying to Dwelling Groups in the R-3 District shall apply to Dwelling Groups
in this District.

SECTION XIV: C-1 (LIMITED OR NEIGHBORHOOD COMMERCIAL) DISTRICT REGULATIONS:

A.	Uses Permitted:

1.	Any use permitted in the R-1, R-2, and R-3 Districts.

2.	Stores, shops and businesses hereinafter in the subsection enumerated. Art stores, banks,
barber shops, beauty parlors, business offices, decorators' studios, dressmaking shops, electrical appliance
stores, employment agencies, florists, furniture stores, girt shops, haberdashery, hardware stores, ice-cream
parlors, interior decorators, jewelry, ladies wearing apparel, laundry or cleaning and dyeing agencies, mess-
enger offices, millinery shops, music studio or school, nursery (flower or plant) provided that all incidental
equipment and supplies, including fertilizers and supplies are kept within a building, photograph shops, pro-
fessional offices, restaurants, (provided that no dancing or entertainment is allowed and no alcoholic bever-
ages sold except wine and/or beer), shoe repair shop, stores for the retail sale of bakery products, drugs,
groceries, meats, dressed poultry (provided that no live poultry shall be kept on the premises), notions,
stationery, confectionery, telegraph offices, theatres, watch repair, and other similar enterprises or retail
businesses of the same class which, in the opinion of the Planning Commission as evidenced by resolution of
record, are not more obnoxious or detrimental to the welfare of the particular community than the enterprises
or businesses herein in this section enumerated. In District C-1 all selling, dealing in or displaying of
goods, by permitted shops, stores and businesses shall be entirely conducted and located within permanent
buildings.

3.	Automobile service stations for the sale of gasoline, oil and minor accessories only, where no
repair work is done except minor repairs made by the attendant, and provided all lubrication, washing, tube
repairing, battery charging, and tire accessory sales and storage are conducted and confined wholly within a
permanent building.

4.	The above specified stores, shops or businesses shall be retail establishments selling new
merchandise exclusively except shops dealing in genuine antiques, and shall be permitted only under the
following conditions:

(a)	Such stores, shops or businesses other than the display or sale of nursery stock shall be
conducted wholly within an enclosed building. In no case shall any merchandise be displayed nor shall any
business be conducted between the street line or any building line. (b) All products produced, whether pri-
mary or incidental, shall be sold at retail on the premises, and not more than two (2) persons shall be en-
gaged in such production. (c) Any exterior sign displayed shall pertain only to a use conducted within the
building; shall be attached to the wall of the building and parallel with its horizontal dimensions and shall
front the principal street, a parking area in the rear or, in the case of a comer building, on that portion
of the side street wall within fifty (50) feet of the principal street, and in no case shall any sign project
above the roof line of a building. (d) All exterior walls of a building hereafter erected, extended or
structurally altered, which face a street or property located in an "R" District, shall be designed, treated,
and finished in a uniform and satisfactory manner approved by the Planning Commission.

5.	Uses customarily incidental to any of the above uses and accessory buildings, when located on
the same lot, including a storage garage for the exclusive use of the patrons of the stores or businesses,
when located not less than seventy (70) feet from the front lot line nor less than five (5) feet from any
other street line, or a storage garage constructed as a part of the main building.

6.	Automobile storage space is required for dwellings, and parking space for buildings other than
dwellings as provided for in Section VI.

7.	Public parking area for the exclusive use of the patrons of the stores, shops or businesses in
the immediate commercial district, when located and developed as required in Section VI.

8.	Loading space as required in Section VI.

B.	Building Height Limit:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	Building Site Area Required:

Buildings hereafter erected and used wholly or partly for dwelling purposes shall comply with
the lot area requirements of the "R-3" district.

D.	Yards Required:

1.	No building shall hereafter be erected, nor shall any use of land be conducted so that the

same will be	closer to the	right of way line of any street	than any Official	Plan Line or any building line

which has been established	for such a street by the Street	and Highway Plan,	or section thereof, of the

Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas, or than any future width line or building line which may be specified
therefor by the provisions of Section XX of this ordinance.

2.	Every building or portion thereof which is	designed, intended and/or used for any purpose

permitted in	"R" Districts	or for any other residential or	dwelling purpose	shall comply with the provisions

of this ordinance as to yards which are required in the R-3 District; provided, that when the ground floor of
any such building is used for any commercial purpose, no side yard shall be required for such ground floor,
except as otherwise provided by this ordinance.

3. There shall be a side yard along the side of every lot in a C-1 District which lot is not
bounded by an alley and which side is bordering on property in any "R" District, which side yard shall be of
a width not less than the width of a side yard as required in R-3 districts.