until otherwise classified by amendment.

SECTION V.

BOUNDARIES OF DISTRICTS.

A.	Where uncertainty exists as to the boundaries of any district shown on said map, the following
rules shall apply:

1. Where district boundaries are indicated as approximately following or paralleling street lines,
alley lines, lot or property lines, as they exist at the time of enactment of this ordinance, such lines shall
be construed to be such boundaries;

2. In unsubdivided property or where the district boundary divides a lot, the location of such
loundary, unless the same is indicated by specific dimensions, shall be determined by use of the scale appear-
on the Map;

3.	In case any further uncertainty exists, the Planning Commission shall interpret the intent of the
Map as to the location of such boundaries;

4.	Where any public street or alley is officially vacated or abandoned, the regulations applicable
to each parcel of abutting property shall apply to that portion of such street or alley added thereto by virtue
of such vacation of abandonment.

SECTION VI.

GENERAL PROVISIONS AND EXCEPTIONS.

A.	USES:

1.	It shall be unlawful for any person to erect, construct, establish, alter, add to, or enlarge, or
to cause or permit to be erected, constructed, established, altered or enlarged, or to use or occupy or permit
to be used or occupied, any land, building or premises for any purpose or in any manner contrary to the pro-
visions of this Ordinance as to uses permitted or excluded, building height limit or bulk, building site area
required, front, side or rear yards required or distance between buildings required, building line or setback,
applicable to the particular district in which such land, building or premises is located.

2.	The express enumeration and authorization herein of a particular class of building, structure,
premises or use in a designated district shall be deemed a prohibition of such building, structure, premises
or use in all districts of more restrictive classification, except as otherwise, specified.

3. Uses other than those hereinafter specifically mentioned as uses permitted in each of the districts
may be permitted therein, provided such uses are similar to those mentioned and are in the opinion of the
Planning Commission not more obnoxious or detrimental to the welfare of the community than the permitted uses
specifically mentioned in the respective districts.

4.	Uses other than those specifically mentioned as uses excluded from each of the districts may be
excluded therefrom, provided such uses are in the opinion of the Planning Commission not less obnoxious or
detrimental to the welfare of the Community than the excluded uses specifically mentioned in the respective
districts.

5.	The uses of all buildings are property publicly owned and engaged in the performance of a public
function may be permitted in any district or zone herein described, provided such use is not obnoxious or
detrimental to the welfare of the community.

6.	The following accessory uses, in addition to those hereinafter specified, shall be permitted in
any "R" district, provided that such accessory uses do not alter the character of the premises in respect to
their use for the purposes permitted in such respective districts:

(a)	The renting of rooms and/or the providing of table board in a dwelling as and incidental use to
that of its occupancy as a dwelling of the character permitted in the respective district, but not
to the extent to constituting a lodging house, boarding house or hotel as defined in this ordinance J
unless permitted in the district.

(b)	In addition to any other signs permitted by this ordinance, signs not exceeding in the aggre-
gate six (6) square feet in area for each lot may be displayed for the purpose of advertising the
sale of lease of any property upon which displayed. Such signs shall be located within the lot and
not less than ten (10) feet from any property line of the lot.

No name plate or signs shall be displayed upon any premises in the R-1, R-2, R-3, or R-4 districts
other than one sign not exceeding one-half (½) square foot in area and containing only the name of
the occupant or of the premises. No flashing or blinking light shall be placed upon such signs.

Where there are more than two offices, or if there be one entrance only the same may be grouped.

B.	HEIGHT OF BUILDINGS.

1.	The permitted height of buildings, for the purposes of this Ordinance, shall be exclusive of
roof structures as may be defined in the Building Code of the City of Las Vegas.

2.	Structures exceeding the permitted height limit, Penthouses or roof structures for the housing
of elevators, stairways, tanks, ventilating fans or similar equipment required to operate and maintain the
building, and fir or parapet walls, skylights, towers, roof signs, flagpoles, chimneys, smokestacks, wireless
masts or similar structures and necessary mechanical appurtenances may be erected above the height limits
herein prescribed, except where such may be deemed to interfere with aerial navigation, but no penthouse or
roof structure, or any space above the permitted height limit of buildings shall be allowed for the purpose
of providing additional floor space.

C.	BUILDING SITE AREAS:

1.	The requirements of this ordinance as to minimum building site area shall not be construed to
prevent the use for a single-family dwelling of any lot or parcel of land other than in the M—2 District in
the event that such lot or parcel of land is:

(a)	Shown separately on or hereafter upon any official subdivision map duly approved and recorded
in the manner provided by law, or