ORDINANCE NO. 218

AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT WASTE OF WATER; DEFINING WASTE OF WATER; REGULATING THE USE
THEREOF; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE AND REPEALING ALL OR-
DINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Waste of water in the City of Las Vegas is hereby prohibited and declared
unlawful.

Section 2. Anyone of the following acts shall constitute waste of water, as the term is
used in this ordinance:

(a)	Permitting a hydrant, tap, cock or valve connection with any water system to leak
onto the ground or into the sink, bowl, toilet or tub, cesspool, slump or any other opening
connected with a sewer, after the person has been notified to remedy such leak.

(b)	Permitting the water from any water system to flow from any hose, tap, valve, hy-
drant, pipe or cock directly into any sewer or cesspool after notice or knowledge thereof,
without first putting such water to beneficial use.

(c)	Permitting or causing the water from any water system to flow into any public street
or alley within the city or upon the lot or land of another after notice or knowledge thereof.

(d)	The waste of water in any manner by any person, corporation or association without
first putting the same to beneficial use.

(e)	Permitting with knowledge water to escape before beneficial use from any pipe, drain
or other conveyor either above or below the surface of the ground.

Section 3. Waste of water, as herein defined, shall constitute a misdemeanor and shall
be punished by a fine of not to exceed Fifty ($50.00) Dollars or by imprisonment in the
City Jail of Las Vegas for a period not to exceed twenty-five (25) days, or by both such fine
and imprisonment.

Section 4. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.

Section 5. This Ordinance shall take effect immediately upon its passage and publication
thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas and its final passage.

This ordinance was read aloud in full for the first time, proposed considered and voted
upon this 4th day of May, 1936.

Voting Ayes: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
Arnett.

Nayes: none.

L.L. Arnett Mayor of the City of

		Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk and Clerk of the
Board of City Commissioners.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board of Commissioners on the 4th day of May, 1936, at which time it was proposed
considered and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas
Review Journal, a daily newspaper. published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of
once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And it was
thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed
at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 4th day of June, 1936.

Voting ayes: Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem.
Noes: None.

Absent Mayor Arnett.

Jas H. Down

Mayor Pro Tem of the City of
Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

County of Clark ) ss

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the
Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was
continuously published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks from May 7th to May 14th
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: May 7th and 14th
hat said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named,

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th day of May, 1936.

A.E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission expires Jan 12, 1939
(Notarial seal)