(c) Permitting water from any water system belonging to any public utility to flow from any
hose, tap, valve, hydrant, pipe or cock directly into any sewer or cesspool for thirty
minutes or longer without first putting such water to a beneficial use, and each thirty
minutes such water is permitted to so flow shall constitute a separate offence.

(d) Permitting water to leak from any water main in a water system belonging to any public
utility for an unreasonable length of time.

Section 3. The term "public utility" as herein used shall mean and embrace all corporations,
companies, individuals, associations, their lessees, trustees or receivers, that now of may
hereafter own, operate, or control any plant or equipment or any part of a plant or equip-
ment within the City of Las Vegas for the production, delivery or furnishing for or to other
persons, firms, associations or corporations, partly or wholly from an artesian well or
wells, water for business, manufacturing, agricultural, domestic or household use.

Section 4. Any violation of this ordinance or any of the provisions thereof shall consti-
tute a misdemeanor and shall be punished by a fine of not to exceed fifty ($50.00) Dollars
or by imprisonment in the City jail of Las Vegas for a period of not to exceed twenty-five
(25) days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 5. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are hereby
repealed.

Section 6. This ordinance is declared and passed as an emergency ordinance and shall take
effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 7. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal a daily newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas for a period of two weeks, that is to say: once each week.

I hereby certify that the foregoing ordinance was read for the first time at a recessed
regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the 17th
day of July 1939, and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon the second reading oh the
said last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and
Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Approved this 17th day of July, 1939.

John L. Russell
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk

(Seal)

Published 7-18 and 25-1939

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman Of the
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily, newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the attached was con-
tinuously published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks, from July 18th 1939 to
July 25th, 1939 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit: July 18th and 25th. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each
of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th

day of July, 1939.	A.E. Cahlan,

Notary Public in and for Clark County
Nevada.

My Commission Expires Jan 12 1943
(Notarial seal)