(j)	RESIDENCE is hereby defined to be a building or dwelling wherein not more than one
family resides or dwells and where no business of any kind is conducted.

Section 4. It shall be unlawful for any person to throw or cause to be thrown or
deposited upon the premises or in the garbage receptacle of another any garbage, rubbish,
dirt or dead animal.

Section 5. It shall be unlawful for any person to throw or deposit or cause to be
thrown or deposited, in any street, alley, gutter or highway within the limits of the City
of Las Vegas, any dirt, rubbish, garbage or dead animal.

Section 6. It shall be unlawful for any person for the purpose of burning garbage,
rubbish, dead animals, or dirt, to kindle or maintain any bonfire or knowingly to furnish
the materials for any such fire, or to authorize any such fire to be kindled or maintained
in any garbage or rubbish receptacle, or on any street, alley, road, land or public grounds
or upon any private lot, unless a written permit so to do shall first have been secured from
the City Fire Department. Provided, however, that rubbish may be burned in an incinerator
duly approved by both the fire chief and the building inspector.

Section 7. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation other than the
City of Las Vegas or its authorized contractor, or their duly appointed agents, to collect,
haul, convey or transport any garbage, rubbish, dirt or dead animals or to interfere in any
manner with any receptacles containing garbage, rubbish, dirt or dead animals, or to remove
any such receptacle from the location where placed by the owner thereof, or to remove any of the
contents of such receptacles.

Section 8. It shall be unlawful to use any cart or vehicle for the conveyance or removal
of garbage, dirt or dead animals unless the said cart or vehicle is staunch, tight, and closely
covered with a wooden, metal or tarp cover so as wholly to prevent leakage, sifting, spilling,
drifting, blowing or smell; or to use any cart or vehicle for the conveyance or removal of dirt
or rubbish unless the said cart or vehicle be provided with a canvas cover securely fastened

over the top thereof, and be so constructed as to prevent sifting, spilling, drifting or



blowing the deposit of such dirt or rubbish or any portion thereof, in or upon the streets
through which said cart or vehicle may be driven.

Section 9. Every person, firm, association or corporation owning or managing any place

of business, public building, multiple dwelling or residence, except as provided in Section 13,

of this Ordinance shall provide a receptacle or receptacles sufficient for the depositing of all

garbage, rubbish and dirt from his, its or their premises; provided that no single receptacle

shall have a capacity in excess of 50 gallons or 6.68 cu.ft.; and no person shall remove any

such garbage, rubbish or dirt from such receptacles after it has been deposited therein except

the City of Las Vegas, its authorized agents or contractors, or their employees.

 

Section 10. Before placing garbage in the receptacle, the liquid shall be drained there-
from and the garbage shall be wrapped in paper; provided however unwrapped garbage may be placed
in metal receptacles having fly-tight lids and provided, further, such wrapped garbage may be
placed in the receptacle with rubbish.

Section II. FEES.

(a)	The charge for collecting, hauling and disposing of garbage, rubbish, dirt and
dead animals from a residence shall be $1.00 per month, payable $3.00 each and every three
months in advance but such charge may be paid annually in advance;

(b)	The charge for collecting and hauling garbage, rubbish, dirt and dead animals from
multiple dwellings where kitchen facilities are available, shall be $1.00 per month for the
first family unit, and $.50 per month for each additional family unit, payable in advance every

third month but such charge may be paid annually in advance;