or for a use permit as provided in Section XXII of this ordinance, shall include a verification by at least
one of the applicants or petitioners, attesting to the truth and correctness of all facts, information and maps
presented with said application. Such verification shall be dated and attested before a notary public or before
the City Clerk.

SECTION XXX: GOVERNING BODY APPROVES:

Any interpretation, opinion, supplemental classification, combining regulation, variance, adjustment,
use permit, special permit, amendment, rules or regulations of the Planning Commission, ot other act or report
of the Planning Commission shall be deemed to be administrative acts to secure the intent and general purpose
of this Ordinance all as hereinbefore	set	forth and shall	be established by	resolution of said Commission,

and before the same shall become final	and	effective shall	be transmitted in	writing to and approved by resolution

or minute order of the Governing Body duly adopted with designation at the time as to whether or not the public
shall be duly informed of such act by publication of same in a newspaper of general circulation throughout the
City of Las Vegas, or other manner of notice thereof.

SECTION XXXI: LEGAL PROCEDURE, ENFORCEMENT, AND PENALTIES:

A.	It shall be the duty of the Building Inspector to enforce the provisions of this Ordinance, per-

taining to the erection, construction, reconstruction, moving, conversion or alteration of buildings, or to
the occupancy of land or any building	or structure or any	addition thereto.	It shall be the duty of the City

Clerk and all officials charged with	the	issuance of licenses to enforce the provisions of this ordinance

pertaining to the use of land or buildings for which any such license is required by any other Ordinance of the
City.

B.	It shall be the duty of the Chief of Police and all officers charged with the enforcement of the
law to enforce this Ordinance and all the provisions of the same.

C.	Any person, whether acting as principal, agent, employee or otherwise, violating any provision of
this Ordinance or of any variance, adjustment or special permit granted hereunder, or the owner, general agent,
lessee or tenant of a building or premises or of a part of such building or premises where a violation of any
provision of this Ordinance exists, or any other person who commits, takes part or assists in any such viola-
tion, or who maintains any building or premises in which any such violation shall exist, shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof, shall be punishable by a fine of not more than Five Hundred
($500.00) Dollars or by imprisonment in the City Jail of the City of Las Vegas, or in the County Jail or the
County of Clark, at the discretion of the Committing Magistrate, for not to exceed six (6) months, or by both
such fine and imprisonment. Such person shall be deemed guilty of a separate offense for each and every day
during any portion of which any violation of this Ordinance is committee by such person, and upon conviction
therefor shall be punishable as herein provided.

D.	Any building or structure hereafter set up, erected, built, moved or maintained or any use of
property hereafter contrary to the provisions of this Ordinance, shall be and the same is hereby declared to
be unlawful and a public nuisance and the City Attorney shall, upon order of the Coverning Body, immediately
commence action or actions, proceeding or proceedings, for the abatement, removal, or enjoinment thereof, in
the manner provided by law, and shall take such other steps and shall apply to such court or courts as may
have jurisdiction to grant such relief as will abate or remove such building, structure or use and restrain
and enjoin any person from setting up, erecting, moving, or maintaining any such building, or structure or
using any property contrary to the provisions of this Ordinance.

E. All remedies provided for herein shall be cumulative and not exclusive.

F. The issuance or granting of a building permit or approval of plans or specifications under the
authority of the Las Vegas Building Code shall not be deemed or construed to be a permit for, or an approval
of any violation of any of the provisions of this Ordinance or any amendment thereto, or of any other Ordinance
of law. No permit presuming to give authority to violate or cancel any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall
be valid except insofar as the work or use which is authorized is lawful and permitted.

SECTION XXXII: VALIDITY:

A. In the event any portion, section, subsection, sentence, clause, or phrase of this Ordinance is
for any reason held to be invalid or unconstitutional by the decision of any court of competent jurisdiction,
such decision shall not affect the validity of the remaining portions of this ordinance. The Governing Body
hereby declares that it would have passed this Ordinance and each section, subsection, sentence, clause and
phrase thereof, irrespective of the fact that one or more of the sections, subsections, clauses and phrases
thereof be declared invalid or unconstitutional.

SECTION XXXIII: REPEALING:

Ordinance No. 264 of the City of Las Vegas, and all amendments thereof, and all Ordinances and parts
of Ordinances inconsistent with the provisions of this Ordinance are hereby repealed.

SECTION XXXIV:

That all ordinances or parts of ordinances inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed to the extent only of
such inconsistency. This repealer shall not be construed to revive any ordinance or part of any ordinance
heretofore repealed.

SECTION XXXV:

This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next section provided, and
final passage.

SECTION XXXVI:

The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause this ordinance to
be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas.

E.	W. Cragin

ATTEST:	Mayor

Shirley Ballinger_______________

City Clerk