The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada this 8th day of February, A.D. 1938, by the following vote:

COMMISSIONERS Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor, voting aye.
Voting NO, None.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners for a first time at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the
8th day of February, 1938, at which time it was proposed, considered, and voted upon,

and unamiously adopted and thereafter published in the LaS Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks
immediately following its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board
for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at a regular meeting of the Board
held oh the 4th day of March, 1938.

Voting aye: Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Perry, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem
H.P. Marble.

Noes, none.

Absent Mayor Arnett

Approved:

H.P. Marble,

Mayor Pro Tem

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK

C.P. Squires being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Publisher of Las Vegas Age,
a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance of the City of Las
Vegas, No. 230 was published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks, from February
11, 1938 to February 18, 1938 inclusive being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: February 11 and 18,	1938.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.
That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $57.90

Signed C.P. Squires

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th day of Feby 1938

C.D. Breeze

Notary Public in and for Clark County
Nevada.

My Commission expires June 7 1939.

(Notarial seal)

ORDINANCE NO. 231_____

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 1 OF ORDINANCE NO. 162 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED
"AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE USE OF DEVICES OR APPARATUS WHICH INTERFERES WITH RADIO
BROADCAST RECEPTION.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. Section 1 of Ordinance No. 162 is amended to read as follows: It shall be un-
lawful for any person, firm or corporation to operate in the City of Las Vegas any ap-
paratues generating or causing high frequency oscillations which interferes with radio
broadcast receiving apparatus or wireless receiving apparatus except that a person duly
licensed to practice medicine, osteopath, chiropractic or dentistry by the State of Nevada,
in a case of absolute emergency arising in the course of practice of his profession may
operate or cause to be operated under his direction and supervision any machine necessary
to give emergency treatment in such case.

SECTION 2. This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its final passage
and publication in Las Vegas Review a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas
for two issues, that is to say once a week for two consecutive weeks.

Passed and adopted this 7th day of March, 1938 by the following vote: Commissioners
Krause, Ronnow and Perry and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Voting No none.

Absent Mayor Arnett.

Approved:

H.P. Marble
Mayor Pro Tem.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
(City Seal).

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for a first time at a recessed regular meeting
of the Board on the 7th day of March, 1938, at which time it was proposed, considered and
voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening
Review Journal, a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of
once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading, And it was
thereafter read aloud to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally
passed at a recessed regular meeting of the Board held on the 8th day of April, 1938.