(b)	Deeded by a deed of record prior to the adoption of this ordinance, or

(c)	Subject to a recorded contract of sale in full force and effect at the time this ordinance

becomes effective.

2. No portion of any lot or parcel of land which has been designated or used as any part of a
building site area or yard as required by this Ordinance shall be included as apportion of an area or yard
for another building of said inclusion will reduce the building site area or yard required for the original
lot or parcel of land to less than the minimum building site area or dimension of yard required for the land
use district in which such property os located.

3.	No lot or parcel of land held under separate ownership at the time this Ordinance became effective,
shall be reduced in any manner below the minimum lot area, size or dimensions required by this Ordinance.

4. No lot area shall be so reduced, diminished and maintained that the yards, other open spaces or
total lot area, shall be smaller than prescribed by this Ordinance, nor shall the density of population be
increased in any manner except in conformity within the regulations herein established.

5.	Every building hereafter erected shall be located on a lot as herein defined. In no case shall
there be more than one (1) main residential building and its accessory buildings on one (1) lot. Dwelling
groups may be considered as one (1) main residential building.

6.	No building permit shall be issued for a building or structure on a lot which abuts a street
dedicated to a portion of its required width and located on that side thereof from which no dedication was
secured, unless the yards provided on such lot include both that portion of the lot lying within the future
street and required yards.

D.	YARDS:

1.	Where yards are required in this Ordinance, they shall not be less in depth or width than the
minimum dimension specified on any part, and they shall be at every point open and unobstructed from the
ground to the sky, except as follows:

(a)	Outside stairways, fire escapes, porches, or landing places, if unroofed and unenclosed, may
extend into a required side yard for a distance not to exceed three (3) feet and/or into the required rear
yard for a distance not to exceed four (4) feet.

(b)	Cornices, canopies, eaves or other similar architectural features not providing additional
floor space within the building may extend into a required yard not to exceed two (2) feet. On pergola and/or
one covered, but unenclosed (except supporting columns and customary architectural features) passenger landing
not more than one (1) story in height may extend into either side yards, provided that its other horizontal
dimension shall not exceed twenty-two (22) feet, but such enclosure shall not be closer than three (3) feet

to an adjoining lot.

(c)	Overhead utilities or wires or other aerial appurtenances as are necessary to the use of the

premises.

(d) A detached accessory building not exceeding fourteen (14) feet in height, may be permitted to
occupy a rear yard, provided that not more than one-third (1/3) of the total area of such rear yard shall be
so occupied.

(e)	On any comer lot in any "R" District there shall be no planting, nor vegetation, structure,
fences, shrubbery or obstruction to vision more than three and one-half (3½) feet higher than the curb level
within twenty-five (25) feet of the intersection of any two street curb lines, provided, however, that shade
trees or other plants or vegetation of sufficient height to permit sight distance one street to the other under
the lowest branches of foliage thereof may be permitted and maintained.

(f)	In any "R" Districts, no building shall be erected, reconstructed, or altered nearer to the
street line on which it faces than the average setback observed by seventy-five (75) percent of the buildings
on the same side of the street and fronting thereon within the same block at the time of the passage of this
Ordinance, except for the provisions of Section XX of this ordinance. Where there are buildings on only one side
of a street within the block at the time of the passage of this Ordinance, the setback line for the unoccupied
shall be the same as that established on the occupied side as hereinbefore provided.

E.	DISTANCE BETWEEN BUILDING:

No detached dwelling, or other main building, shall be less than ten (10) feet from any other de-
tached dwelling or main building on the same building site.

F.	ACCESSORY BUILDINGS:

1.	Accessory buildings located in a rear yard of "R-3" or "R-4" Districts, or in "RA", "RE", "R-1"
or "R-2" Districts when the main building is two (2) stories in height, may be increases in height by one (1)
story upon the securing of a use permit which permit shall specify the conditions under which such additional
height will be permitted.

2.	No detached accessory building shall exceed two (2) stories in height.

3. No accessory building shall be erected, constructed or moved on any lot in any "R" District
prior to the construction of the main building thereon, except that this shall not be construed to prohibit
the construction of an accessory building prior to the construction of a main building when a building permit
has been issued for the concurrent construction of such building, or for accessory living quarters in and R-A
or R-E District, or for an accessory building incidental to the use of the land.

G.	FENCES AND WALLS:

1.	Fences or walls not exceeding six (6) feet in height above the normal grade at the nearest lot
line or points thereon, may occupy any portion of a side or rear yard in any RA, RE or R District provided,
however that in such Districts where any such fence or wall projects beyond the front yard line or setback
line toward the front property line, the following further restrictions shall apply:

(a) Any such fence or wall in any RA or RE District shall not exceed four and one-half (4½) feet
in height and shall be constructed so that not more than fifty percent (50%) of the vertical surface thereof
above three (3) feet is solid wall.

(b)	Any such fence or wall in any R-1, R-2, R-3 or R-4 District shall not exceed four (4) feet in
height, and shall be constructed so that not more than fifty percent (50%) of the vertical surface thereof