USE:

The purpose for which land or premises, or a building thereon is designed, arranged or intended, or for which
it is or may be occupied or maintained.

USE, ACCESSORY:

A use incidental and accessory to the principal use of a lot or a building located upon the same lot as the
accessory use. Any agricultural use in any "RA", "RE", or "R" District shall be deemed to be an accessory use
to the use for residence purposes of the lot upon which such agricultural use is conducted.

YARD:

An open space other than a court, which is a portion of a lot, unoccupied and unobstructed from the ground
upward, except as otherwise provided herein.

YARD. FRONT:

A yard extending across the front of the lot between the side lot lines and measured from the front line of
the lot and to:

(a)	The nearest line of the main building;

(b)	The nearest line of any enclosed or covered porch, provided,

however, that if any official plan or building set-back line has been established for the street upon which
the lot faces or if any future width line has been specified therefor in Section XX of this Ordinance, then
such measurement shall be taken from such official plan line or such future width line to the neares line of
the building.

YARD. SIDE:

A yard extending from the front yard of the building site to the front line of the required rear yard and
lying between the side line of the building site and the nearest line of any building or enclosed or covered
porch or the extension of said latter line; provided, however, that exterior side yards on corner building
sites shall extend for the full depth of the building site and to the rear line thereof.

YARD, REAR:

A yard extending across the rear of the building site between the side lines thereof and of the depth from the
rear lot line as required by the regulations specified herein for the district occupied, except for the
special side yard provision for corner building sites. In the case of a through-lot where a rear yard thereof
abuts on a street, it must meet front yard requirements.

SECTION III
SHORT TITLE

A.	This ordinance may be cited as "The Zoning Ordinance - City of Las Vegas, Nevada."

SECTION IV

DISTRICTS ESTABLISHED:

A.	In order to classify, regulate, restrict, and segregate the uses of land and buildings; to
regulate and restrict the height and bulk of buildings, and to regulate the area of yards and other open
spaces about buildings, and to carry out the purpose of this ordinance, eleven (11) classes of districts are
established, to be known as follows:

R-A Ranch Estate District

R-E Residence Estate District

R-1 Single-Family Residence District

R-2 Two-Family Residence District

R-3 Limited Multiple Residence District

R-4 Apartment Residence District

C-1 Limited or Neighborhood Commercial District

C-2 General Commercial District

C-S General Commercial Special District

M-1 Light Industry District

M-2 Heavy Industry District

The aforesaid districts and the boundaries of such districts are shown and delineated on that
certain map entitled, "Land Use Plan - City of Las Vegas, Nevada" and said map with all notations, re-
ferences, dimensions, designations, and other information shown thereon is hereby adopted and made a part of
this ordinance by this reference.

B.	It is hereby declared that in the creation by this Ordinance of the respective classes of dis-
tricts, set forth herein, the Board of City Commissioners has given due and careful consideration to the
peculiar suitability of each and every such district for the particular regulations applied thereto, the
location and extent of each district and the necessary proper and comprehensive groupings and arrangement
of the various uses and densities of population in accordance with a well considered plan for the develop-
ment of the City, and in desirable relation to established plans in adjoining municipalities and un incorp-
orated areas of the County of Clark.

The boundaries of such districts as are shown upon the map adopted by this Ordinance or amend-
ments, subsequent changes or supplements thereto, as are accomplished by the provisions of this ordinance,
are hereby adopted and approved and the regulations of this Ordinance governing the use of land, building,
and structures, the height of buildings and structures, and other matters as hereinafter set forth, are
hereby established and declared to be in effect upon all land included within the boundaries of each and
every district shown upon said Maps.

In the event that any land may, at the time of adoption of this Ordinance or at any time sub-
sequent thereto, be included within the corporate boundaries of the City of Las Vegas, but shall not be
delineated on the said "Land Use Plan" said land shall be automatically classified as in the R-A district