(19)	For each dray and express and warehouse business, or either, $5.00
per quarter for the first rig, and $2.50 per quarter for each additional rig, used in
such business; but warehouse businesses without rigs shall pay $5.00 per quarter.

(20)	Every person, firm or corporation who, for hire, operates a
truck or fleet of trucks which shall come into the City of Las Vegas to receive mer-
chandise for delivery outside the city, or which shall bring merchandise into the
City of Las Vegas from outside, and make deliveries of merchandise within the City,
shall pay an annual license fee of $20.00 for each truck so operated. The annual
period referred to shall be from January 1st of each year to and including December
31st. of the same year, and if application for license shall be made at any time after
the first day of January in any given year, the full annual license fee of $20.00
shall be required and paid and the license so issued shall terminate on December 31st
of the same year, regardless of the time of the year when such application is made.

This sub-section is not intended to apply, however, to trucks engaged
in inter-state commerce.

And the above provision as to license fee to be paid shall likewise
apply to and be paid by any person, firm or corporation having no fixed place of busi-
ness within the City of Las Vegas but who comes into the City from outside, regularly,
to transact business within the City by receiving or picking up chattels and personal
property upon which repairs, personal service or work of any kind may be done for hire
outside the City, and again delivering the same to the owner within the City.

(21)	Every person operating a billiard hall or billiard room, or
pool hall or pool room, shall pay for the first billiard table or pool table in
any such establishment, $5.00 per quarter for the first table and $3.00 per quarter
for each additional billiard table or pool table.

(22)	Every person who shall operate a bowling alley within said City
of Las Vegas, shall pay the sum of $7.50 per quarter for the first alley and the sum
of $5.00 per quarter for each additional alley in said establishment.

(23)	For each traveling optometrist and/or oculist, who does not
hold and exhibit an existing license from the State of Nevada, to practice as such,
$100.00 per day.

For each optometrist and/or oculist holding such license, $10.00 per

quarter.

(24) For each barber shop $5.00 per quarter for the first barber chair
operated, and $1.00 per quarter for each additional barber chair operated.

(25)	For the business of dealing in second hand goods, wares or
merchandise of any kind, character or description where, as a part of such tran-
saction, a contract or agreement is made, or an undertaking, verbal, written or
otherwise, had with the vendor to re-sell to him the same goods, wares or merchandise,
or to sell other goods, wares or merchandise, in their place or stead, then and in
case of such agreement, as aforesaid, a license tax of $50.00 per quarter shall be
paid.

(26)	Every person, firm or corporation who ships into and sells in
the City of Las Vegas, any bankrupt, assigned or damaged stock of goods, wares,
merchandise, drugs, jewelry, drygoods, boots and shoes, clothing, hardware, groceries,
furniture or other stock or merchandise, shall pay a license of $300100 per quarter
or fraction thereof.

(27)	For every traveling merchant, hawker, peddler or vendor,
street faker or advertiser, who advertises goods, wares or merchandise of any kind
by music, singing or dancing, jugglery, tricks, sleight of hand, buffoonery, gym-
nastics or any spectacular display, show or performance, or by speeches or oratory,
or by any performance upon the streets calculated to draw a crowd of people about
them calling or advertising wares, as aforesaid, shall pay a license in the sum of
$25.00 per day, and shall also secure a permit to occupy street space as required
by other ordinances of the City.

(28)	For each sewing machine agent, $10.00 per quarter.

(29)	For each vulcanizing business operated as a separate busi-
ness, $5.00 per quarter.

(30)	For each auctioneer, $125.00 per quarter or fraction thereof.

(31)	For each Architect, $10.00 per quarter.

(32)	For each Assayer, $5.00 per quarter.

(33) For each massage parlor, $10.00 per quarter.

(34)	For each trade college, trade school, business school or business
college, where instructions are given in any trade or occupation for which a fee is
charged, $10.00 per quarter.

(35)	For each certified public accountant or independent public
accountant, $40.00 per annum. For the purpose of this ordinance an independent
public accountant is defined as a person who does bookkeeping or accounting work
for two or more persons, firms or corporations, or who prepares or assists in pre-
paring income tax returns for two or more persons, firms or corporations, other than
himself.

(36)	For each chiropodist, $10.00 per quarter.

(37) For each drugless practitioner, provided, however, that this
subdivision shall- not apply to persons who treat the sick through prayer or spirit-
ual means, $10.00 per quarter.

(38) For each chiropractor, $10.00 per quarter.

(39)	For each osteopath, $10.00 per quarter.

(40)	For each advertising business or advertising counsel, $10.00

per quarter.

(41)	For each collection agency or mercantile agency, $10.00 per

quarter.

(42)	For each designer or decorator, $10.00 per quarter.

(43)	For each building contractor, $60.00 per annum, paid annually.

(44)	For each person, firm or corporation conducting, managing or
carrying on the business of paving or macadamizing contractor, $50.00 per quarter.

(45)	For each cabinet shop, carpenter shop or upholstery shop, $5.00

per quarter.