(Ordinance No. 244 Continued)

year 1938, and such license fee in any case shall be greater in amount than that required
by the provisions of this ordinance for the same business, shall be entitled to a credit
of such excess of any license fee to be paid by him under the terms of this ordinance
and the City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to allow such credit upon any license
fee hereafter to become due under the terms of this ordinance.

Section 14. The rates of license fees provided for in this ordinance shall apply
to all businesses carried on in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, from and
after the first day of January, A.D., 1939; and Ordinances numbered 1,2,4, 13, 14, 35,

48, 62, 74, 75, 81, 95, 102, 105, 108, 112, 117, 145, 184, 192, and 243 are hereby express-
ly repealed, except that Ordinance No. 243 shall apply to all license fees due unto the
said City of Las Vegas for the months of October, November and December, A. D., 1938.

Section 15. Nothing in this ordinance contained shall be construed so as to
repeal, amend or affect in any wise those other ordinances of the City of Las Vegas regul-
ating and licensing the sale of intoxicating liquor, and regulating and licensing the
operation of gambling games and devices, including slot machines and vending machines in
the City of Las Vegas.

Section 16. Any person violating any of the terms or provisions of this ordin-
ance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be
punished by a fine not to exceed three hundred dollars ($300) or by imprisonment in the
City Jail for a term of not to exceed ninety days, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 17. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance pub-
lished in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada for a period of two weeks, that is to say,
once each week for a period of two weeks.

H. P. Marble________

MAYOR.

ATTEST:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and adopted
this 29th day of November, A.D., 1938, by the following vote: Commissioners Luce, Krause
and Corradetti, and His Honor, the Mayor, H. P. Marble, voting Aye. Voting No, Commis-
sioner Ronnow. Absent, Commissioner, None.

Viola Burns_________

CITY CLERK.

(CITY SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of
the LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed
and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from Nov. 30th,

1938 to Dec. 7th, 1938 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: November 30th- Dec 7th. That said newspaper was regularly issued and cir-
culated on each of the dates above named.	Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th day of December, 1938.

A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada

My Commission Expires Jan. 12, 1939.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting
held on the 29th day of November, 1938, at which time it was proposed, considered and
voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week
for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And, it was thereafter
read aloud to the Board for a second time at a recessed regular meeting of the Board
held on the 14th day of December, 1938.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor H. P. Marble;
Commissioner Ronnow voting No. Absent: Commissioner Corradetti.

Approved:

H. P. Marble______

Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Attest:	Viola Burns

City Clerk

City Seal