(Seal)

Attest: Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk	Pat Clark __________

By Ruth Spaulding	Mayor Pro Tem.

Deputy City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this
17th day of May, A.D. 1943, by the following vote: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye. Voting no. None.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting held on
the 17th day of May, 1943 , at which time it was proposed, considered and voted upon, and
unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper,
published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks
immediately following its first reading. And, it was thereafter read aloud to the Board
for a second time at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 4th day of June, 1943.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Clark.

Voting No: None.

(Seal)

Absent: Mayor Garrison

ATTEST: Helen Scott Reed	APPROVED: PAT CLARK

City Clerk	Mayor pro tem.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS:

COUNTY OF CLARK )

DOROTHY D. BRIMACOMBE being duly sworn, deposes and says that she is general manager of
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. 283 was
published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks from May 21 to May 28, 1943, inclusive,
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

May 21, and 28, 1943.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $47.70.

Signed: Dorothy D. Brimacombe

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th day of June, 1943.	(SEAL)

C. D. BREEZE 

My Commission Expires June 9, 1947	Notary Public in and for

Clark County, Nevada

----0O0------

ORDINANCE 284

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND, REVISE, AND RE-ENACT SECTION 3 OF ORDINANCE NO. 166 OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS. AS AMENDED, AND TO REPEAL ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 3 of Ordinance No. 166 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: " An
Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the erection, construction, enlargement,
alteration, repair, moving, removal, demolition, conversion, occupancy, equipment, use, height,
area, and maintenance of all buildings and/or structures in the City of Las Vegas; providing
for the issuance of permits, and collection of fees therefor; providing penalties for the
violation thereof; declaring and establishing Fire Zones, repealing Ordinances Nos. 144-27-
59-61 and 72 of the City of Las Vegas and all other Ordinances and parts of ordinances in
conflict therewith," shall be and the same is hereby amended, revised and re-enacted so that
the same shall read as follows:

"Section 3, All of the area included in the incorporated limits of the City of Las
Vegas shall be within Fire Zone #3 except those portions which are included in Fire
Zone #1 and #2. Fire Zone #1 shall lie within the following described boundaries,
beginning at the intersection of South Main Street and Carson Avenue, as shown on the
Plat of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite; thence easterly along Carson Avenue to 7th Street;
thence northerly along 7th Street to a point 150 feet North, measured at right angles,
of the North right-of-way line of Fremont Ave; thence westerly along a line parallel to
and 150 feet North of the north right-of-way line of Fremont Avenue to 3rd Street;
thence northerly on 3rd Street to Ogden Avenue; thence westerly along Ogden Avenue
to Main Street: thence southerly along Main Street to the point of beginning. Fire
Zone #2 shall lie within the following described areas; along Main Street to a depth

of 150 feet each side of the right-of-way line from the North City limits to its
intersection with South 5th Street;; and along 5th Street to a depth of 150 feet each
side of the right-of-way line from the South City limits to the South 16th line of
Section 27; and along East Fremont Avenue to a depth of 150 feet each side of the
right-of-way line from the East City Limits to the alley between 7th and 8th Streets;
and from the alley between 7th and 8th Streets to the alley between 5th and 6th

Streets, between Ogden Avenue and a line 200 feet South and parallel to the South