on said bonds and to reture the same as herein provided; and provided further that in the preparation of the
annual appropriation ordinance for the City, the Board of Commissioners shall first make proper provision
through the levy of sufficient taxes for the payment of the interest on and the retirement of the principal of
the bonded indebtedness of the City, and the amount of money necessary for this purpose, together with the
amounts necessary for the payment of principal of and interest on the other bonded indebtedness of the City,
shall be a first charge against all of the revenue received by said City. In any year in which the total taxes
levied by all overlapping political subdivisions and taxing units in the City of Las Vegas may exceed the limit-
ation of five (5¢) cents on the dollar, imposed by Section 2, Article X of the Constitution of the State of
Nevada, and it shall become necessary by reason thereof to reduce the levies made in behalf of said City, the
reductions so made shall be in taxes levied for or by such City for the purposes other than the payment of its
bonded indebtedness and interest thereon, and the taxes levied hereafter for the payment of such bonded in-
debtedness, and the interest thereon, shall always enjoy a priority over taxes levied for or on behalf of such
City for any other purposes where reduction is	necessary in order to comply	with	the limitations of said Section

2, of Article X of the Nevada Constitution, or	with the City	Charter of Las	Vegas, Nevada. Such taxes shall be

levied and collected in the same manner and at	the same time	as other taxes	are	levied and collected, and the

proceeds thereof shall be kept by the City Treasurer of Las	Vegas, Nevada,	in a	fund to be known as the

"Sewer Bond Fund, Series July 1, 1949," which shall be used for no other purpose than the payment of principal
and interest on the bonds authorized by this ordinance as the same fall due. Such tax shall be levied in the
year 1949 and annually thereafter untill all of said bonds and the interest thereon shall have been fully paid,
satisfied and discharged. Any sums becoming due on said bonds at any time when there are on hand from such tax
levy or levies insufficient funds to pay the same shall be promptly paid when due from general funds on hand
belonging to the City of Las Vegas, reimbursement to be made to such general funds in the sums thus advanced
when taxes herein provided for shall have been collected.

Section 7. The Board of Commissioners does hereby find and declare that the life of the improvement
to be acquired, constructed and improved out of the proceeds of the sale of said bonds shall and will be in
excess of twenty years.

Section 8. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be and they hereby are authorized and directed
to take all action necessary or appropriate to effectuate the provisions of this ordinance including, without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the printing of said bonds and the execution of such certificates as
may be required by the purchaser thereof relating to the signing of the bonds, the tenure and identity of the
municipal officials, the assessed valuation and indebtedness of the City of Las Vegas, the rate of taxes levied
against the taxable property within the City of Las Vegas, the receipt of the bond purchase price and the ab-
sence of litigation, pending or threatened, affecting the validity thereof.

Section 9. That all ordinances or parts thereof in conflict with this ordinance are hereby repealed.
After the bonds hereby authorized have been issued, this ordinance shall constitute a contract between the City
of Las Vegas and the holder or holders of said bonds, and shall be and remain irrepealable until said bonds
and the interest accruing thereon shall have been fully paid, satisfied and discharged.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the City of Las Vegas and the inhabitants thereof are not
adequately supplied with sewer facilities, it is hereby found and declared that an emergency exists and that
this ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption and publication once a week for two
successive weeks immediately following said adoption in The Las Vegas Review Journal , a newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas.

Adopted and approved this 7th day of September, 1949.

S/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger______________________

City Clerk

The Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance were as follows:

Those Voting Aye: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Moore.

Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Whipple.

His Honor Mayor Cragin

Those Voting May: None.

Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger_____________________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK) ss.

Carl Woodbury , being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is auditor of the LAS VEGAS EVENING
REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
two times from September 12. 19, 1949. inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following