which shall not be removed except in he presence of patron, provided however that this provis-
ion shall not apply to cream so served.

(d)	SMALL INDIVIDUAL GLASS CONTAINERS not to exceed one quart in capacity shall be require
for all market milk or skim milk used at fountains or other places for the purpose of the sale
of mixed frinks, provided however that this provision shall not be construed to prohibit the
use of the entire contents of a bottle of market milk or skim milk so used.

..

SECTION 4. It shall be unlawful to sell or deliver for consumption or to possess with in-
tent to sell or deliver for consumption:

(a) Milk or cream to which water or other foreign substance has been added;

(b) Milk or cream which falls below the standard as herein provided;

(c)	Milk or cream which has been produced, stored, handled or transported by or in any
unclean or insanitary manner;

(d)	Milk or cream handled by any person suffering from any infectious, contagious, or
communicable disease, the absence of such infection to be determined by cultures or physical
examinations by the Board of Health of the City of Las Vegas.

(e) Milk or cream that has been transferred from one can, bottle or other receptacle to
another, on any street, alley or thoroughfare, or upon a dairy wagon, or any place in the
City of Las Vegas other than the dairy plant used exclusively for the purposes of preparing
said milk or cream for sale.

(f)	Milk, or cream, the retail of final container of which does not bear a plain and
conspicuous statement showing the kind of grade as herein defined, and the name of the
person producing it.

(g)	Milk or cream that has not been pre-colled to such standard temperature, fifty (50)
degrees F., or lower, as herein provided.

SECTION 5. It shall be unlawful to sell or deliver or possess with intent to sell or
deliver any milk or cream without a permit from the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, such permit to be issued by the City Clerk upon a prescribed form. All-applications
for permits shall be in writing and shall state the location of the dairy or place of business;
whether the applicant is owner, lessee or agent of the daily; and the description and number
of cows in the dairy head. If the applicant is obtaining milk or cream from any source other
than the herd described, he shall make the same statement for each dairy or herd from which
he procures such milk and cream. Each applicant for a permit to be issued under the terms
of this Ordinance shall be accompanied by a fee of Two Dollars ($2.00), and all permits shall
expire on he thirty-first day of December of each year. Before the issuance of a permit, the
application the same shall be passed upon by the Las Vegas Milk Ordinance Committee, as herein-
after provided, and said Committee shall recommend to the City Commissioners whether or not the
same shall be issued. A reasonable time shall be allowed for the examination of the dairy
herds described in the application for such permit, before any recommendations shall be made
to the City Commissioners by said Milk Ordinance Committee; provided, however, that the pro-
visions of this section shall not apply to retail grocery stores, restaurants, or other retail
establishments situated in the City of Las Vegas, purchasing milk or milk products from Dis-
tributors duly licensed under the terms of this Ordinance.

PROVIDED FURTHER, that in case of necessity due to an extreme shortage of milk or cream
the requirements for a permit may be waived and a temporary permit covering the time of the
emergency may be issued by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas upon the
recommendation of the City Milk Ordinance Committee.

SECTION 6. Notice shall be sent to the City Health Officer immediately by any milk producer
of distributor upon whose dairy or in whose milk plant any case of sickness or any infectious
contagious or communicable disease occurs.

SECTION 7. The duly designated dairy and milk Inspector shall at all reasonable times,
have access for the purpose of inspection and taking samples, to any dairy or other place
where milk or cream is produced for sale; or to any wagon, truck, warehouse or station to
which milk or cream is being transported, to is being held for transportation or delivery.

Any Person who hinders or prevents such access shall be deemed guilty of a violation of this
Ordinance.

SECTION 8. A Milk Ordinance Committee consisting of three members shall be appointed
immediately upon the adoption of this Ordinance, one member to represent and be appointed
by the milk producers, one member to represent and be appointed by the milk distributors, and
the third member to be appointed by and be a member of the Board of City Commissioners of Las
Vegas. Each member of the Milk Ordinance Committee shall hold office for one year, and until
his successor shall be appointed and qualified. The Committee shall recommend to the City
Commissioners the person desired to be appointed milk Inspector, and shall receive from said
Dairy and Milk Inspector written monthly reports covering his official activities for the
previous month, and shall confer with the City Commissioners from time to time relative to the
efficient enforcement of this Ordinance.

SECTION 9. The City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas are hereby authorized to make
by resolution such regulations from time to time as are necessary for the efficient enforce-
ment of this Ordinance; to appoint a suitable person as Dairy and Milk Inspector for the
City of Las Vegas; and to issue permits for the sale of milk and cream as herein provided.

The City Commissioners, upon the recommendation of the Milk Ordinance Committee, after
affording the permittee a hearing, may revoke any permit issued under the terms of this Or-
dinance, upon determining that the permittee has violated any of the provisions of this
Ordinance of of the regulations made thereunder.

SECTION 10. Teh salary of the Dairy and Milk Inspector shall be fixed by the Board of
City Commissioners, in a sum not Exceeding fifty dollars ($50.00) per month, and shall in-
clude laboratory rental, cost of supplies, equipment, the making of tests, and any and all
other expense incurred in his official duties.