4.	A covenant that the run-ways on said Airport and the field lighting equipment now
or hereafter constructed thereon, and all appurtenances, equipment, facilities, and services

of and at said Airport, shall from the date on which the City acquires title to said Air-
port, at all times be maintained by and at the expense of the City, and in such condition
and up to such standard as may be required by the Civil Aeronautics Board of the United Sta-
tes, and that all buildings belonging to the City, on said Airport, shall be kept in a rea-
sonable state of repair by and at the expense of the City; that the City shall keep said
Airport free from obstructions to air travel, and will attractively furnish said adminis-
tration building and provide heat, light, electricity, cooling, and water for the public
space and Lessee's exclusive space in said building, will provide janitor service for and
keep said building clean, neat, orderly, sanitary and presentable; and will provide for
and furnish the necessary electrical energy for the operation of all field lights, but
the Lesses shall pay for all power and electricity for the operation of its radio equipment
fuel distribution equipment, air compressors, other ground equipment and for charging
batteries of Lessee, and Lessee shall pay for its own exclusive telephone service.

5.	A covenant whereby the City agrees to provide space in the administration
building for the use of the United States Customs and Immigrants authorities, representa-
tives of the Uni tea States Health Department, the United States Department of Agriculture
the Civil Aeronautics Board and the U. S. Post Office Department.

6.	A covenant whereby Lessee agrees to furnish sufficient personnel for the reaso-
nable servicing of transient aircraft with gasoline, oil, grease, fuel, and other lubri-
cants and for the operation of its fuel storage plant and equipment.

7.	A covenant providing that buildings erected by the Lessee may be removed by it
within six months after the termination of the lease.

8.	A covenant that should Lessee require the use of more space in said administration
building than above mentioned, at any time when such additional space is not being used by

a rent paying tennant, then Lessee use such additional space only until the City has oppor-
tunity of renting same, at which time the Lessee will pay to the City such proffered rent
or surrender such space to the City.

9.	A covenant that the City will adopt and enforce rules and regulations with respect
to the use of said Airport, consistent with regulations and orders of the Civil Aeronautics
Board.

10. A covenant that the City shall have no control over the rates, fares or charges
that Lessee may prescribe for its services by air or land to, from or through said Airport.

11.	A covenant whereby the City agrees to repair any damage by fire or other casualty
to the administration building, and that if completely destroyed by fire or casualty, or

so damaged that it cannot reasonably be repaired within thirty working days, then the
Lessee shall have the right to construct a temporary building for the exclusive use of
Lessee, its employees, patrons, passengers and invitees; and whereby the City agrees to
to keep its buildings at said Airport insured and to use insurance money, in case of loss,
for repairing damage.

Section 5. That the provisions, stipulations and covenants of said Lease are hereby
approved, ratified and confirmed, and said Lease in its entirety is hereby approved, ra-
tified and confirmed, and the execution thereof by the City of Las Vegas and the delivery
thereof, in escrow, to said Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company, Las Vegas, Nevada,
are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed.

Section 6. That all negotiations heretofore had by the City of Las Vegas with the
government of the United States, or any department or agency thereof, relative to securing
funds from the United States for the improvement of said Airport, be and the same are
hereby approved, ratified and confirmed, and the application or applications therefor al-
ready made by said City of Las Vegas to the United States or to or through any department
or agency thereof, be and the same are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed, and that
all of the actions of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas relative to the
acquisition of said Airport or the securing of funds or aid for the improvement thereof
from the government of the United States, be and the same are hereby approved, ratified and
confirmed.

Section 7. That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and hereby is au-
thorized to do and perform any and all acts requisite, necessary or convenient to the ac-
quisition and operation of said Airport as a Municipal Airport.

Section 8. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this Ordinance published in
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks, that is to say, once each week for a
period of two weeks.

Signed

JOHN L. RUSSELL
Mayor

Attest:

Viola Burns_____

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance proposed, read aloud in full and adopted this 4th
day of December, A. D. 1940m by the following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners C. V. T. Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor,
the Mayor.

Voting No;	None

Absent:	Commissioner Ronnow.

SEAL