C.	This plan is adopted pursuant to the authority of Chapter 110, Statutes of 1941, State of Nevada, and
all acts amendatory thereof and supplementary thereto, and shall be known as the Land Use Plan Ordinance of the
City of Las Vegas.

SECTION II. DEFINITIONS:

This Ordinance shall be known as the "Land Use Plan Ordinance", and for the purpose of this Ordinance, cer-
tain words and terms are defined as follows:

All words used in the present tense, include the future; all words in the singular number include the plur-
al, and the plural the singular; the word "building", includes the word "structure"; the word "lot" includes the
word "plot"; the word "shall", is mandatory and not directory; and the word "person" includes a firm, corpora-
tion, or municipal corporation as well as a natural person. The word "Map" shall mean the "Land Use Plan of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada." The term, "governing body" shall mean the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, and "Planning Commission" or "Commission" shall mean the City Planning Commission of the City
of Las Vegas, and the word, "City", shall mean the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation of this State of
Nevada. The word, "Used" shall be deemed to include the words, "arranged", "designed" or "intended to be used",
and the word, "occupied" shall be deemed to include the words, "arranged", "designed", or "intended to be oc-
cupied." The word "erect" shall include the words "construct", "reconstruct", "alter", "move in", or "move
upon"; the word "alter" shall include the word "enlarge". Chapter 110 of the 1941 Statutes of Nevada, as the
same may be amended from time to time, is referred to as the "Planning Act."

ACRE:

For the purpose of this Ordinance, in interpreting building site areas, an Acre of land shall be deemed to be
a "commercial acre" of forty-thousand (40,000) Sq. Ft., and a half (½) acre shall be half (½) of such area or
twenty-thousand (20,000) Sq. Ft. Such area shall be exclusive of public streets or alleys, or other public
rights of way, or lands, or any portion thereof abutting on, running through or within a building site.

ACCESSORY BUILDING:

(See Building, Accessory).

ACCESSORY LIVING QUARTERS:

Living quarters within an accessory building, located on the same premises with the main building, for the sole
use of persons employed on the premises; such quarters may have kitchen facilities but shall not be rented or
otherwise used as a separate dwelling except for persons employed on the premises or incidental to the agri-
cultural use of the land.

ACCESSORY USE:

(See Use, Accessory).

ADVERTISING:

Any writing, printing, painting, display, emblem, drawing, sign or other device, designed, used or intended
for outdoor advertising or any type of publicity or propaganda or lettering for the purpose of making anything
known, the matter advertised or displayed being remote from its origin or point of sale, whether placed on the
ground, rocks, trees, tree stumps, or other natural objects or on a building, signboard, poster panel, wall,
roof, frame, support, fences or other man-made structures or on any surface.

ADVERTISING SIGN:

The term "sign", shall be deemed to mean any outdoor advertising sign or outdoor advertising structure apply-
ing to the premises whereon displayed.

ADVERTISING STRUCTURE:

Any structure of ary kind or character erected or maintained for outdoor advertising purposes, upon which any
outdoor advertising or advertising sign may be placed, the name applying to the premises whereon displayed.

AGRICULTURE, LIGHT:

The tilling of the soil, the raising of crops, horticulture, small livestock farming, animal husbandry, includ-
ing all uses customarily incidental thereto insofar as the same shall apply only to such domestic animals per-
mitted, but not including dairying, livestock feed yards, hog ranches or the keeping of any hogs, slaughter
houses, fertilizer yards, mushroom plants, bone yards, or plants for the reduction of animal matter or any
other agricultural use which, in the opinion of the Planning Commission is similarly objectionable because of
odors, smoke, dust fumes or other reasons.

ALLEY:

A minor public thorough-fare other than a dedicated half-street, which is less than thirty (30) feet in width,
and upon which the rear of land or building lots generally abuts and which affords a secondary means of ve-
hicular access.

ALTER:

Any change or intended change in the structural members or other features of a building, including partitions,
plumbing, wiring, heating or other appurtenant equipment and/or to allow the building to be used for purposes
other than those uses permitted by this ordinance.

ANIMAL HOSPITAL:

A building, lot or premises in or upon which sick, injured or well animals are housed, confined, boarded,
treated, vaccinated, care for, bred, raised or handled as a business.