turn such vehicles to the right at any intersection or into any alley or driveway unless
such vehicle is, at the time of turning, in the line of traffic nearest the curve to the
right of such vehicle; provided, however, that if the traffic signal, or traffic sign, is
against the person making such right hand turn, the driver of such vehicle shall come to a
complete stop before turning right.

Section 5. Section 17 of Ordinance number 170 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended to
read as follows:

Section 17. Boulevard Right of Way. Vehicles traveling in a lawful manner upon the following
streets shall have the right of way on that street over vehicles approaching from inter-
secting streets unless such street shall have boulevard stops placed therein:

Stewart Street from East line of Main Street to East line of Fourteenth Street.

Main Street from the City limits on the North to the intersection with Fifth Street near
the South City Limits.

Fremont Street from the East line of Main Street to the City limits on the East.

Ogden Street from the East line of Main Street to the East line of Twelfth Street.

Carson Street from the East line of Main Street to the East line of Twelfth Street.

Bridger Street from the East line of Main Street to the East line of Twelfth Street.

Clark Avenue on West side from the West line of Main Street to the West line of Eighth
Street in Original Townsite of Las Vegas.

Fifth Street from the South line of Linden Avenue to the City limits on the South.

Upon approaching any of the above named streets it shall be unlawful for the operator of any
vehicle to fail to bring	said vehicle to a complete	stop	at	the limit	line which	the Street

Superintendent is hereby	authorized to indicate, by	sign	or	mark at the property	line of	the

above mentioned street, provided, however, that when the intersection is controlled by a
police officer or by a traffic signal no vehicle shall be stopped as above provided when
a signal to proceed has been given.

Section 4. Section 36 of Ordinance number 170 of the City of Las Vegas is hereby amended
to read as follows:

It shall be unlawful for any person to ride, drive, or propel any vehicle at a rate
of speed greater than 12 miles per hour on streets adjourning school grounds occupied by
a school building or buildings; or to propel any vehicle at a rate of speed greater than
15 miles per hour at any street intersection of any of the streets in the city of Las Vegas;
or to propel any vehicle	at a rate of speed greater	than	20	miles per	hour along	Fremont

Street between Main Street and 12th Street; or to propel	or	drive any	vehicle at	a rate

of speed exceeding 25 miles per hour on any other street, public highway, road, alley, lane,
avenue, boulevard within the limits of the City of Las Vegas provided, however, that 25 mile
speed limit shall not operate in the three instances hereinbefore regulated in this
Section.

Section 5. Section 26a, part 1 of Ordinance number 170 of the City of Las Vegas shall read
as follows:

It shall be unlawful to drive in an easterly direction on that alley running east to west
between Fremont and Carson Streets from Main Street to 5th Street; and it shall be unlaw-
ful to park on the south side of the alley running east to west between Fremont Street and
Carson Street from Main Street to 5th Street.

Section 6. Section 26a, part 2, of Ordinance number 170 of the City of Las Vegas shall read
as follows:

It shall be unlawful to drive in a westerly direction on that alley running east to west

between Fremont Street and Ogden Street from Main Street to 5th Street; and it shall be

unlawful to park on the north side of that alley running east to west between Fremont Street

and Ogden Street from Main Street to 5th Street.



Section 7. Section 26a, part 3 of Ordinance number 170 of the City of Las Vegas shall read
as follows:	

It shall be unlawful for any vehicle to make a turn south from Fremont Street into the alley
running north and south between Main Street and 1st Street, and it shall be unlawful for any
vehicle to go in a southerly direction on that portion of the alley running north and south
between Main Street and First Street, from the intersection of the alley running east and
west between Fremont and Ogden Street running from First Street west.

Section 8. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to have this ordinance published in the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, for a period of two weeks.

Howell C. Garrison

Attest: Helen Scott Reed	Mayor.

City Clerk

(SEAL)

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full, and adopted this 4th day

of June, A. 1942, by the following vote; Commissioners

Voting Aye: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, Mayor Garrison

Voting No: None

Absent:	None.