AMENDED	REPEALED

NO.	PAGE TITLE	BY	BY

338

339

340

341

342	

343

344

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas to
borrow $125,000.00 on the credit of the
city and providing for the issuance and
sale by the City of its negotiable coupon
bonds in the aggregate principal amount of
$125,000.00 to be designated Police Station
Bonds, 1947, series A, for the purpose of
financing the retirement of an emergency
loan previously authorized by said board,
according to law, for the completion of the
construction of the Police Station; pre-
scribing the form of said bonds and providing
for the levy and collection of an annual tax
to pay the principal and interest of said
bonds; declaring an emergency by reason of
the fact that the Police Station now being
constructed by the City cannot be completed
without the expenditure of additional funds;
providing for the public sale of said bonds
and prescribing the form of sale notice; auth-
orizing the execution of said bonds and pre-
scribing other details in connection therewith.

An ordinance declaring certain territory adjoining
and contiguous to the corporate limits of the City
of Las Vegas to be annexed to the City of Las
Vegas; ordering a Plat showing said territory
to be recorded in the office of the County Recorder
of the County of Clark, State of Nevada; and other
matters properly relating thereto.

An ordinance empowering, authorizing and dir-
ecting the ex-officio City Assessor of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
to levy a special assessment to defray the cost
of making certain improvements in the City of
Las Vegas according to the plats, diagrams and
estimates of cost thereof on File in the Office
of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,
describing definitely the location of said im-
provements, stating the amount of said assessment
and describing and designating the locality con-
stituting the districts to be assessed according
to benefits, and other matters relating thereto.

An ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to borrow $250,000.
on the credit of the City; to provide for the issuance
and sale by the City of its negotiable coupon bonds
in the aggregate principal amount of $250,000. to be
designated "Storm Sewer Bonds, Series of January 1,

1948", to secure the necessary funds to finance the
construction of storm sewers and storm drains; pre-
scribing the form of said bonds and provide for the
levy and collection of an annual tax to pay the prin-
cipal and interest on said bonds; providing for the
public sale of said bonds and prescribing for the
form of the sale notice and authorizing the execution
of the said bonds, and prescribing other details in
connection therewith.

An ordinance to amend the title of and to amend Section
7 of Ordinance No. 210 of the City of Las Vegas entitled
"An Ordinance to fix, impose and provide for the collection
of a license tax on motor propelled vehicles operated for
hire, and to regulate the operation and running of the
same, within the City of Las Vegas; fixing a penalty
for the violation of any of the provisions of this ord-
inance; and repealing Ordinance No. 100 and all ordinances
or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith;" and repealing
Ordinances No. 266 and 279 and all ordinances and parts
of ordinances in conflict herewith.

An ordinance regulating the construction and maintenance of
business, commercial and industrial driveway in the City
of Las Vegas; requiring permits therefor and providing
for the issuance thereof; fixing and imposing the fees
to be paid upon the issuance of permits; cancelling and
revoking all permits for such driveways heretofore is-
sued; providing for the revocation of permits issued
hereunder; prescribing a penalty for the violation of
any of the provisions hereof; repealing all ordinances
and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith; and other
matters properly related thereto.

An ordinance to amend ordinance No. 172 of the City of
Las Vegas entitled, "An ordinance of the City of Las
Vegas relating to the construction of driveway," by
adding thereto a new section to be designated as
Section 7½.