Section 12— Ordinance No. 138 entitled, "An ordinance regulating the collection and fixing
and establishing of rates and compensation to be collected by any person, company or corpor-
ation collecting garbage in the City of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance No. 80 of the
City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the storage
and removal of garbage, offal, and refuse, animal and vegetable matter", approved January
6, 1921, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," approved July
5th, 1929, and all ordinance and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 130- This Ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption
approval and publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, and its final passage.

This Ordinance was read aloud in full for the first time, proposed, considered and voted
upon this 18th day of, December, 1935.

Voting Ayes: Commissioners Farnsworth, and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down.

Nayes, none.

Absent Commissioner Marble and Mayor Arnett.

James H. Down

Mayor pro tem of the City oc Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk and Clerk of the
Board of City Commissioners.

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed regular meeting
of the Board on the 18th day of December, 1935, at which time it was proposed, considered
and voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Review-
Journal, a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a
week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And it was there-
after read aloud, to the Board for a second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at
a regular meeting of the Board held on the fourth day of January, 1936.

Voting ayes: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
L.L. Arnett.

Noes none.

Absent none.	L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
(City seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss
County of Clark )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of the Las Vegas
Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published
at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was contin-
uously published in said newspaper for a period of Two Weeks from December 19th to Dec
26th, inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

December 19th - 26th.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day of
January 1936.

A.E.Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada.

May Commission Expires Jan 12 1938
(Notarial seal)