EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
ORDINANCE NO. 217

An Ordinance to prohibit the removal from without the City of Las Vegas to points within
the City of Las Vegas and to prohibit the maintenance with the City of houses and structures
constructed or reconstructed elsewhere, and to prevent the removal of houses and struct-
ures from one place within the City of Las Vegas and to prohibit the maintenance thereof
within the City of Las Vegas and providing penalties for the violations of this ordinance,
and other matters relating thereto:

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, corporation or association to
remove or cause to be removed from without the City of Las Vegas to any place or point
with in the exterior boundaries of the City of Las Vegas, any house or structure or part of
a house or structure theretofore constructed or reconstructed without the City of Las
Vegas, without first obtaining the written permission of the City Engineer of the City
of Las Vegas so to do.

Section 2. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, corporation or association re-
sponsible therefor, or owner of any such house or structure or part of a house or stru-
cture constructed or reconstructed in any place without the exterior boundaries of the City
of Las Vegas and which has been removed to the City of Las Vegas without the permission
aforesaid, and every day that such house or structure shall be permitted to remain in
the City limits of the City of Las Vegas, without the permission aforesaid, shall be
deemed a separate offense.

Section 3. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, corporation or association to
remove	from one	place within	the City limits of the	City of Las Vegas to	another	place

within	the City	of Las Vegas	any house or	structure	without first having	obtained	the

written permission of the City Engineer of the City of Las Vegas so to do.

Section 4. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, or association to maintain
in any	place within the City	of Las Vegas	any house	or structure removed	from one	place

within	the City	to any other	place within	the City without the written permission	of the

City Engineer so first had and obtained, and each and every day that the owner, person,
firm, or association, or the party responsible for the same, shall cause or permit such
house, or structure, to so remain at a place to which it has been removed, without per-
mission as aforesaid, shall be deemed a separate offence for the purpose of this ordinance.

Section 5. Provided, however, this ordinance is not intended to apply to houses, or
structures brought within the City, or moved from one place to another within the City
prior to the passage of this ordinance.

Section 6. Every person, firm, corporation or association of persons violating the
provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be pun-
ished by a fine of not less than One Hundred (100.00) Dollars and not exceeding Five
Hundred ($500.00) Dollars or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period not exceeding
sixty (60) days or in the discretion of the Court by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 7. This ordinance is declared to be and is hereby passed as and emergency or-
dinance, and it shall take effect immediately after its passage and publication.

Section 8. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this ordinance
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas for two weeks, that is to say, it shall be published in said newspaper once a
week for two consecutive weeks.

The foregoing ordinance was read aloud for the first time and voted upon at a
regular meeting of the Board on the fourth day of March, 1936. Vote for Commissioners Down
Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett, and was read aloud for the
second time and was passed by the unanimous consent of the Board as an emergency ordinance
of the fourth day of March, 1936. Voting for Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett.

Approved this fourth day of March, 1936.

L.L. Arnett
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

( City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss

County of Clark )

Dick Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: that he is foreman of the Las
Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and
published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks, from March 5th
to March 12th inclusive, being the issues of s id newspaper for the following dates to-wit:
March 5th-12th.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Dick Lochrie.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th day of March, 1936.

A.E. Cahlan,

My Commission Expires Jan 12 1939	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.