 or recording current, voltage or power, except as hereinafter specified in paragraphs (b) to
(j) inclusive.

b.	All lighting fixtures and portable lighting equipment.

c.	All incandescent, arc, vapor and gas-tube lamps.

d.	All transformers operating at 100 volts or more between any two conductors and
having a rated capacity not exceeding 150 watts.

e.	All electrically operated toys.

f.	All radio receiving sets.

g.	All electrically heated cooking equipment intended for domestic use, and all other
 electrically heated appliances in individual capacities not exceeding 10,000 watts.

h.	All other electrical appliances and equipment intended for domestic use.

i.	All electrically illuminated signs*

j.	All portable motion picture projectors.

Section 18. Definition of Retail Sales.

The term "sale at retail", wherever used in this ordinance, shall mean any sale direct
to the ultimate user or consumer, irrespective of whether the sale is made at wholesale or
retail place of business and irrespective of whether the principal business of the seller
is selling at wholesale or at retail.

Section 19. Approval Required.

Every person, firm or corporation, before selling, offering for sale or exposing for
sale, at retail, or disposing of by gift as a premium or in any similar manner and before
granting or offering to grant possession of for rent any electrical material, device, app-
liance or equipment specified in Section 20, shall first determine if such electrical material
 device, appliance or equipment is approved for retail sale, installation and use in the City of
Las Vegas; and it shall be unlawful for any person, firm, or corporation, or any partner,
officer, agent or employee thereof, to sell, offer for sale, or expose for sale, at retail, cr to
dispose of by gift as a premium or in any similar manner or to grant or offer to grant
possession of for rent any such electrical material, device, appliance or equipment which
is not approved for retail sale, installation and use in the City of Las Vegas.

Section 20. Approval of Electrical Products.

The Electrical Inspector shall approve for retail sale, installation and use in the
City of Las Vegas such materials, devices, appliances and equipment of the types specified in
Section 17, and only such as are in conformity with the ordinances of this City, the Statutes
of the State of Nevada and all applicable orders issued under the authority of the State
Statutes, and in conformity with approved standards for safety to life and property. Except
where by any ordinance of this city, by any statute of this state or by any order issued under
the authority of the State Statutes a specific type or class of material, device, appliance
or equipment is disapproved for installation or use, conformity of materials, devices,
appliances and equipment with the Standards of Underwirters' Laboratories, Inc., as approved
by the American Standards Association, shall be prima facie evidence that such materials
devices, appliances and equipment are suitable for approval by the Electrical Inspector.

The Electrical Inspector shall prepare or designate a list of electrical materials,
devices, devices, appliances and equipment that are approved for retail sale, installation
or use in the City of La s Vegas and a copy of such list shall be kept on file in the office
of the Electrical Inspector and shall be accessible for public reference during the regular
office hours.

Section 21. Provisional Approval.

The Board of Review is hereby authorized and empowered to grant provisional approval for
the retail sale, installation and use of any electrical material device, appliance of
equipment listed in Section 17 which has been submitted them for approval and which, in
their judgment, is reasonably safe but has not yet been finally approved either because no
applicable standards have been established, or because, in the opinion of the Board of Review,
further examination or experience is necessary or desirable before making final decision
as to approval.

Section 22. Registration of Retail Dealers.

Every person, firm or corporation before engaging in the selling, offering for sale
or exposing for sale, at retail of any electrical materials devices, appliances and equipment
specified in Section 17 of this ordinance, except a holder of a Class 1, Electrical Contractor's
License as referred to in Section 11 of this ordinance, shall register with the Electrical
Inspector and shall receive from the Electrical Inspector a certificate of registration.

Such registration and certificate shall expire on the 31st day of December of the year in
which it is issued and shall be renewed by the Electrical Inspector upon application of the
holder of the certificate and payment of the required fee at any time within thirty days before
the date of such expiration. A fee of $50.00 Dollars per year shall be paid for such
registration and for each annual renewal thereafter.

Section 23. Review of Decisions and Proposals for Trial Installations.

Any person, firm or corporation may register an appeal with the Board of Electrical
Examiners for a review of any decision of the Electrical Inspector provided that such
appeal is made in writing within five days after such person, firm or corporation shall
have been notified of such decision by the Electrical Inspector. Upon receipt of such appeal
the said Board shall proceed to determine whether the action of the Electrical Inspector
complies with this ordinance and within five days shall make a decision in accordance with
its findings*

The Board of Electrical Examiners is therefore authorized to act as a board of review.

Appeal may be made to the Board of City Commissioners from any decision of the inspector
and the findings of the Board shall be final*

Section 24. Penalties.