any streets which are continuations of existing streets that do not bear the same name shall
be changed to conform to the above provision.

 All continuous north and south streets shall be known as Streets, and all con-
tinuous east and west streets shall be known as Avenues, unless they are known as Boule-
vards or otherwise indicated as different from ordinary streets.

Block numbers assigned to streets at their intersection with the division streets
shall be retained throughout their length even though they have an angle point and inter-
mediate streets are interposed between them and their formerly adjacent streets, except in
cases where a street intersects two or more streets, with the same general alignment, hav-
ing different block numbers.

Fremont Avenue shall be the division street, north and south to its intersection
with Sunrise Avenue and from that point east, Sunrise Avenue shall become the division
street north and south .

Section 3. Buildings shall be numbered with the even numbers on the right hand
and the odd numbers on the left hand as the numbering progresses out from the division
street. Each odd number shall be placed as nearly as possible opposite the proceeding consecutive
even number.	

Section 4. For the purpose of this Ordinance in connection therewith, the fronts
of all lots in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and all additions to the town or City of Las
Vegas, as the same are laid out and recorded in the office of the County Recorder of Clark
County, Nevada, shall be divided into parts, approximating twenty-five feet, as nearly as
may be, and one number shall be assigned to each of said parts. For the purpose of this
Resolution and Ordinance in connection therewith, a block shall be held to mean the space
between consecutive streets or avenues in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite or any of the addition
to the City of Las Vegas.

Section 5. When any street or avenue intersects any other street or avenue from
one side only, the numbering on the opposite side of such intersected street, or avenue,
shall be started at the lot corner most nearly opposite that side of the street which lies
farthermost from the initial point.

Section 6. Any person failing to number his home or building in compliance with
the provisions of this ordinance, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished
by a fine of not more than Ten ($10.00) Dollars, or by imprisonment in the city jail for
not more than Five (5) days; provided, however, no one shall be guilty of a violation of
this ordinance if the requirements of the ordinance are complied with within Thirty (30)

days from the date of its passage.

Section 7. Ordinance No. 44 of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby repealed.

Section 8. The City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to have this or-
dinance published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas, for two weeks, that is to say, it shall be published in said paper
once a week for two consecutive weeks.

(SIGNED) HOWELL C. GARRISON
Mayor

ATTEST: HELEN SCOTT,

City Clerk

(SEAL)

The above and foregoing ordinance was proposed, read aloud in full and approved
this 17th day of November, A. D., 1941, by the following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and Mayor Garrison.

Voting No:	None.

Absent:	None.

This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed reg-
ular meeting of the Board oh the 17th day of November, 1941, at which time it was proposed,
considered and voted upon and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas
Evening Review Journal for a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately
following its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board a second time
at a regular meeting of the Board on the 4th day of December, 1941.

Voting Aye: Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor, Howell C.

Garrison, Voting Aye.

Voting No:	None.

Absent and

not voting: Smith

(SIGNED) HOWELL C. GARRISON

Mayor of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada

Attest: Helen Scott
City Clerk

(SEAL)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

County of Clark )

DICK LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is foreman of
the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed