AMENDED	REPEALED

BY_____ BY_________

TITLE

NO. PAGE

211

212

213

214

215

216

217

218

219

220
221

222

223

224

An Emergency Ordinance to prohibit the waste of water;
defining waste of water; regulating the use thereof;
limiting the time during which water may be used for
sprinkling or irrigation, and providing penalties for
the violation of this ordinance, and repealing all
ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflice herewith.

An Ordinance to prohibit the drinking of intoxicating
liquors in any public place or in vehicles in any public
place in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and providing
a punishment therefor.

An Ordinance forbidding solicitors, peddlers, hawkers,
itinerant merchants and transient vendors of merchandise
from trespassing in and upon private residences when
uninvited so to do by the owners and occupants of said
private residences, in soliciting and attempting to
solicit orders, or in selling and exposing for sale wares
and merchandise, and declaring such soliciting to be a
nuisance, and fixing the penalty for committing such
nuisance.

An Ordinance to amend Section II, and Section III, as amended
and Section V, as amended of Ordinance No. 168, entitled,

"An Ordinance of the commission of the City of Las Vegas
establishing a residence district, industrial district and
Commercial District, etc.

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada to borrow the sum
of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000.00) with
which to establish, create or acquire by purchase, or
construction, a municipally owned electrical power plant
and distribution system, etc.

An Ordinance defining garbage and rubbish and regulating
the collection and disposal of garbage, and rubbish in the
City of Las Vegas, etc.

An Ordinance to prohibit the removal from without the city
of Las Vegas to points within the City of Las Vegas and to
prohibit the maintenance with the City of houses and struct-
ures constructed or reconstructed elsewhere, and to prevent
the removal of houses and structures from one place within
the City of Las Vegas; and to prohibit the maintenance
thereof within the City of Las Vegas, etc.

An Ordinance to prohibit waste of water; defining waste of
water; regulating the use thereof; and providing penalties
for the violation of this Ordinance, and repealing all
ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

An Ordinance to amend Section 3 of Ordinance 201, entitled,

"An Ordinance regulating the slaughtering of animals and
sanitary conditions of all places dispensing food and re-
freshments to the public, etc.

Ordinance No. 220 failed to pass.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain
improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading for and
constructing oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs
and gutters on certain streets and portions of streets in
the City of Las Vegas, etc.

An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the
Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment
to defray the costs of making certain improvements in the
City of Las Vegas by grading for and the construction of
all oil bound pavement and concrete curbs and gutters on
certain streets, etc.

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to borrow Sixteen
Thousand Five Hundred ninety-Seven and 95/100 ($16,597.95)
to cover certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and
confirmed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas for the purpose of paying for the work of making

improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading for and ____________

constructing of oil bound gravel pavements and curbs and gutters
on certain streets and portions of streets in the City of
Las Vegas and particularly described in what is called
"LAs Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3", etc.

An Ordinance providing for the investigation of the pro-
prietor, lessee or manager of and the character of the
business of any traveling show, traveling skating rink, etc.

267