complete description identifying the particular room or premises in which the licensee
intends to carry on, conduct or operate the slot machine, game or device mentioned in this
section and in Section 1 of this Ordinance, and shall specify the particular type and
class of slot machine, or other particular game or device, by name. Any license issued
under the provisions of this Ordinance shall not be transferable by the licensee to any
other person, firm, association or corporation, and shall be valid only for the particular
room and premises described therein and the designated number of slot machines of the
specified type and class, or other specified games or devices for which it is issued. No
license money paid under this Ordinance shall be refunded whether the operation of the slot
machine, game or device for which any license was issued has been voluntarily terminated or
the license has been revoked under the provisions of this Ordinance, or for any other
reason. The license fees herein provided shall be in addition to those collected by the
Sheriff of Clark County or any other authority.

Section 3. Section 9, as amended, of Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas
is hereby amended to read as follows:

Any licensee holding a valid existing license from the City of Las Vegas for a
current quarter, may, during such current quarter, secure a license for additional slot
machines, games or devices, over and above the particular number of slot machines, games or
devices for which he or it holds or they hold a license, for the remainder of the quarter,
upon the payment to the City Clerk of the license fees provided for in Section 8 of this
Ordinance, for the additional slot machine, game or device, and the issuance of a license
in the manner and upon the authority, and upon the conditions and restrictions in this
Ordinance provided as on an application for an original license, and such additional
license shall be valid for the remainder of such quarter.

Section 4. All Ordinances and parts of Ordinances insofar as they are in conflict
with the provisions of this Ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 5. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication
as in the next section provided, and final passage.

Section 6. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas shall cause this Ordinance No. 319 to be published once a week for two
successive weeks, immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas
Evening-Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the
Board of City Commissioners on the 22nd day of June, 1946, and referred to the following
committed composed of Commissioners Baskin & Bates for recommendation; thereafter the
said committee reported favorable on the said Ordinance on the 5th day of July, 1946, which
was the next regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that at said regular
meeting held on the 5th day of July, 1946, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the
Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following votes:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti & His Honor

Voting "Nay": None

Absent:	Comm. Baskin