 Section 8. If any section, subsection, sentence, clause or phrase of this ordinance is, for
reason, held to be unconstitutional or invalid such decision shall not affect the re-
maining portion of this ordinance.

The Board of City Commissioners hereby declare it would have passed this ordinance and
each and every section and subsection thereof, irrespective of the fact that any one or more
of the sections, subsections, clauses or phrases be declared inconstitutional or invalid.

Section 9. This ordinance shall be and become effective immediately after its adoption,
approval and the publication thereof for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly
newspaper, published in the city of Las Vegas,, and, its final passage.

Section 10. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed
to cause this ordinance to be published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, pub-
lished in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks im-
mediately following its first reading.

This ordinance was read for the first time, proposed, considered and voted upon this
4th day of November, 1935.

Voting ayes. Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
L.L. Arnett.

Voting nays NONE

Absent: NONe	L.L. Arnett

Mayor.

Viola Burns
Attest:	City Clerk

This ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting
of the Board on the 4th day of November, 1935, at which time it was proposed, considered and
voted upon, and unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly
newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two consecutive
weeks immediately following its first reading. And it was there after read aloud, to the
Board for the second time, adopted, approved and finally passed at a regular meeting of the
Board held on the fourth day of December, 1935.

Voting ayes: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
L.L. Arnett.

L.L. Arnett,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk
(City Seal)

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )ss

County of Clark )

J.W. Squires, being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the Managing Editor of the
Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached
Publication of Ordinance No. 215

Was published in said newspaper for a period of Two weeks from November 8th to November 15, 1935
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to wit: November 8th and 15th
1935.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

That the legal charge for publishing the same was $93.90.

Signed J.W. Squires.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th day of December, 1935.

Joe Hufford,

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commissioner Expires May 8, 1939.

( Notarial Seal)

__ORDINANCE NO. 216

An Ordinance defining Garbage and Rubbish and regulating the collection and disposal
of garbage, and rubbish in the City of Las Vegas, and metters relating thereto and pro-
viding penalties for the violation of the provisions thereof and repealing certain ordin-
ances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith, and other matters relating thereto.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1.— For the purpose of this ordinance to work "garbage" shall be held to
mean and include and does include all kitchen and table refuse and offal, swill, and also
every accumulation of animal, vegetable and other matter, that tends the preparation of