grading as would later or destroy the general topography of the land of the cemetery.

Section 4. The Superintendent of Cemeteries shall at all times keep all papers and
documents used in connection with the affairs of the municipal cemeteries on file in his
office, and shall keep at all times a full, accurate, and complete record and account,
in books secured for that purpose, of the affairs and transactions of the municipal
cemeteries, of all moneys received by him from the sale of lots and as fees for interment
and other services, and all other funds received by him from whatever source and for
whatever purpose in connection with the affairs of the municipal cemeteries, and shall
render monthly written reports thereon to the Board of Commissioners, and at such other
times as the Board shall direct. He shall each day turn over all moneys by him received
as herein provided to the City Treasurer and receive a receipt therefor.

Section 5. The Superintendent of Cemeteries shall supervise and negotiate the
sale of lots in the municipal cemeteries according to the schedule of prices and upon the
terms, conditions, rules and regulations, as are adopted from time to time by the Board of
Commissioners. In such cases where lots are sold under the installment or delayed payment
plan, he shall deliver to the purchaser a Certificate of Purchase describing the lot sold
and setting forth the terms of sale, and all payments shall be entered thereon as and when
made until the balance of the purchase price is paid in full, whereupon, and in all other
cases where the purchase price is paid in full, he shall deliver to the purchaser a Deed
of Conveyance duly executed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas and attested to by the
City Clerk. Every Certificate of Purchase and Deed of Conveyance shall, in addition to
such other recitals as are necessary to their validity, recite the further condition that
the ownership, use, and care of the lot or grave is subject always to such rules and
regulations as the Board of Commissioners might adopt from time to time, and the
Superintendent of Cemeteries shall retain for his files a copy of every Certificate of
Purchase and Deed of Conveyance so delivered.

Section 6. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to bury or
cause to be buried the body of a deceased person in the municipal cemetery unless the lot
wherein the burial is to be made has been paid for in full and a cemetery deed has been
executed and delivered therefor.

Section 7. No interment shall be made in the municipal cemeteries, other than
indigents, except in a casket enclosed in an outside burial case of wood, steel or
concrete, and all outside wood burial cases shall be at lease one and three quarters (1 3/4)
inches in thickness, or what is commonly known as a double top box. No interment shall be
made on New Year's Day, July 4th, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day, except
upon the written order of the Health Department of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 8. The Superintendent of Cemeteries shall require the production of a permit
from the Health Department before any burial or disinterment, and after such burial or
disinterment he shall endorse upon the permit the title of the plat, and the block and lot
number where the burial or from which the disinterment took place, and shall return such
permit or a certified copy thereof to the Health Department.

Section 9. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm, or corporation to bury or
disinter or cause to be buried or disinterred the body of a deceased person except under
the direction of the Superintendent of Cemeteries and with the written permit of the
Health Department and written order of the owner of the lot or grave, or the written order
of the nearest next of kin if the body be that of the owner of the lot or grave.