consumption, sale or, dealing in or storing of meats, fish, fowls, birds, fruits and veg-
etables unsuitable for culinary purposes. And also all refuse, crockery, bottles, tin
vessels trimmings from lawns and flower gardens, paste board boxes, paper straw, packing
materials, boxes, ashes, and all waste matters, wherever the same may be accumulated
within the city limits of the City of Las Vegas, whether at residences, warehouses, store
houses or other places.

Section 2— It shall be unlawful for any person, company, or corporation having in his,
her of its possession or control garbage, to sell give away, or dispose of such garbage,
except as hereinafter provided.

Section 3-- All table and kitchen scraps, vegetable and meat scraps suitable for animal
or fowl consumption shall be known as "wet garbage", and it shall be placed by the
person having control over the same in a fit garbage container and shall be free from
coffee grounds, glass, metal, wood and allother substances not suitable for animal food,
with a tight cover maintained thereon so as to prevent ingress into the said container
of flies.

Section 4— All other garbage, excepting that mentioned in the next receding section,
including trash, refuse, rubbish, tin cans, broken glass, glassware, waste matter, scrap
material, and all rubbish of any nature the dimentions, weight or size of which will permit
shall be known as "dry garbage" and shall be placed in a container suitable to safely
secure same separate from the wet garbage.

Section 5-— Every place of business and every dwelling place within the City of Las Vegas
must provide and maintain sufficient metal containers of adequate capacity and suitable
in size for the collection and storage of garbage and refuse separately. Such containers
must be maintained in good conditions, without breaks or leaks, and of such shape and
size that the collectors may conveniently carry and dump the garbage therein into trucks
used for that purpose without spilling the contents upon themselves to the ground. Such
containers shall be placed so as to be readily assessable for removing and emptying by
collectors, and they must be protected and secured so as not to be easily overturned by
dogs or other animals. Every owner or occupant of premises or person under whose control

premises may be, shall keep such___premises, including the alley in the rear, clean and

clear of all garbage, rubbish or refuse or unwholesome matter of every kind.

Section 6— All trash, refuse, rubbish, dirt, building material, tree leaves, limbs,
trimmings and roots, auto bodies, scrap metal or other scrap material of any nature, shape
size, or weight that cannot be conveniently dumped into the trucks from the containers
mentioned in section 3 and 4 shall be known as "rubbish" and shall be collected by the
occupants of the premises and conveyed or caused to be conveyed by the occupant of the
said premises to the City Dump.

Provided, however, occupants of premises may burn shall quantities of dry rubbish on
the premises such as leaves, paper and lawn and flower cuttings, provided, however, in no
event shall any rubbish be burned between two hours before sundown and sunrise of the
following day or in such manner or at any such place as to create a fire hazard to his
own or another's property.

"Rubbish" as herein defined shall not be piled or collected or permitted to be piled
or collected in any street or alley within the city.

Section 7-- All garbage mentioned in sections 3 and 4 of this ordinance shall be removed
from the premises under the supervision and direction of the Sewer Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, and by no other person under such conditions and pursuant to such
regulation as said Commissioners shall hereafter from time to time promulgate. After wet
and dry garbage shall have been placed in the said containers as herein provided, no
person shall distrub the said containers or the contents thereof or remove the same or
interfere therewith, except the agents or contractors of the City and under the super-
vision and direction of the Sewer Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 8— Provided, however, that any person accumulating wet garbage as herein defined
may use the same for the purpose of feeding his own chickens or rabbits wherever by law
or city ordinance such person is permitted to keep or maintain chickens or rabbits.

Section 9— All "wet garbage" all "dry garbage," and all "rubbish" as defined in sections
three, four and six of this Ordinance is hereby declared to be the property of the City
of Las Vegas, after removal to City Dump.

Section 10—Fees FOR the maintenance of the garbage collection service shall be paid
by the owner or occupant of the premises, in an amount and at the time to be fixed from
time to time by resolution of the Board, and shall be paid to the City Clerk, who is
authorized to give receipt therefor.

Section 11-- Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and, upon conviction of same, shall be punished by a fine
of not less than five dollars and not exceeding the sum of two hundred and fifty dollars,
or by imprisonment in the City Jail until such fine is paid at the rate of but not exceed-
ing two dollars for each day of such fine, in case such fine is not paid, or by imprison-
ment in the City Jail for a period not to exceed thirty days, or by such fine and impri-
sonment.