This Ordinance was read aloud to the Board for the first time at a regular meeting of
the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of December, 1940 at which time it was pro-
posed, considered and voted upon and unanimously adopted and there after published in the
Las Vegas Age a weekly newspaper for a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks
immediately following its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board
for a second time at a regular meeting of the Board on the 4th day of January, of 1941.

Voting aye; Commissioners Ronnor, Gilbert, Krause, Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor

Voting No:	Commissioners;	None

Absent Commissioners:	None

JOHN L. RUSSELL__________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

SEAL

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA	)ss.

County of Clark)

C. P. Squires being duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Editor of LAS VEGAS AGE,
a weekly paper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State. of Nevada, and that the attached Ordinance No. # 256 was published in
said newspaper for a period of two weeks from December 6, 1940 to December 13, 1940 inclusive,
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: December 6 and 13, 1940.
That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above mentioned,
That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $ 292.80

Signed:	C. P. SQUIRES_______

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th day of January 1941

Joe Hufford______________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

May Commission expires May 8, 1943
(SEAL)

-----oOo-----

ORDINANCE NO. 257

AN ORDINANCE CREATING A GOLF BOARD FOR THE CITY OF BAS VEGAS PROVIDING FOR THE APPOINTMENT
OF ITS MEMBERS, DEFINING ITS DUTIES AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to ordain as follows:

Section 1. A board is hereby created to be known as the Las Vegas Golf Board, hereinafter
designated as "The Board"; said Board shall consist of five (5) members, all of whom shall
be residents and taxpayers of said City of Las Vegas and shall be appointed by the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. The Commissioner of Streets and Public Property
of the City of Las Vegas shall be entitled to receive and shall receive notice of all
meetings of said Golf Board and shall be entitled to attend such meetings.

Section 2. Of the members of the Board so first appointed, one shall be appointed
for the term of one (1) year expiring June 30, 1942, one for the term of two (2) years
expiring June 30, 1943, one for the term of three (3) years expiring June 30, 1944,
one for the term of four (4) years expiring June 30, 1945, and one for the term of five
(5) years expiring June 30, 1946. Their successors shall be appointed for the term of
five (5) years each. Mr. Lorin Ronnow is hereby appointed for the term expiring June
30th, 1942; Mr. Luther Horner is hereby appointed for the term expiring June 30, 1943; Mr.

A. G. Daugherty is hereby appointed for the term expiring June 30, 1944; Mr. Charles
De Armond is hereby appointed for the term expiring June 30, 1945; and Mr. C. W. Woodbury
is hereby appointed for the term expiring June 30, 1946. If a vacancy shall occur otherwise
than by expiration of a term of an appointee member, it shall be filled by appointment
for the unexpired portion of the term. And each year the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas shall appoint one member to said Golf Board to fill the office of the
retiring member whose term expires June 30th of each said year. All members of the Board
shall be appointed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. Upon the final passage and adoption of this Ordinance, the Board shall
meet and organize by electing from its membership a chairman and a secretary and such
other officers as in the judgement of the Board may be necessary. Said Board shall have
the power to adopt, from time to time, such rules and regulations as may be necessary
or Convenient for the conduct of its business. All members of the Board shall serve as
such without compensation.

Section 4. Said Board shall have the power and authority to improve, supervise,
maintain and operate within the limit of the means provided for that purpose, the Municipal
Golf Course now owned by the City of Las Vegas, and to employ such persons and such help