At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the the 2nd, day of September A.D. 1914. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with
Commissioners Curtiss, and Sullivan, Commissioners Smith and Griffith being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas allowed as appears more fully from claim book on file
with the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

Upon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried it
was ordered that the sum of $20.00 be and the same is hereby transferred from the general fund of	

the City to the Cemetery fund of the City, the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioner Curtiss,

voting aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a request from the fire Chief H.M. Lillis request-
ing that the Commissioners make an order authorizing the Fire Commissioner to purchase 500 feet
of fire hose, and also spanners and other necessary equipment for use of the Fire Department of
said City whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the Commissioner of
police and Fire Department be and is hereby authorized to purchase the necessary equipment
for fire purposes in said City of Las Vegas Nevada, the vote on the same being as follows towit:- 
Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this	time the Clerk presented to the Board a petition from the Hotel keepers of said said	

relative to	the collecting of licenses of rooming houses in said City, where upon motion being	

duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that this matter be laid over for future reference
There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Las Vegas, Nevada, October 2nd, A.D. 1914.

At a regular called special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City

of Las Vegas, Nevada. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners Curtiss, Sullivan and

Smith. at this time the the Clerk read before the Board the call as issued by the Mayor for said

special meeting.	Las Vegas, Nevada. September 29th, 1914.

To Harley A. Harmon

City Clerk, Las- Vegas, Nevada.

You are hereby notified that I have this day called a special meeting of the Board of City

commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 2nd day

of October A.D. 1914. for the hour of ten o'clock A.M. for the purpose of considering and acting

upon matters with relation to tax rate for the year 1914, and you are hereby authorized and

directed to give notice of the time and place and object of said meeting to the members of said

Board of City Commissioners forthwith.	W.E. Hawkins. Mayor.

Filed : September 29th, A.D. 1914. Harley A. Harmon, ClerK.

Thereupon the ClerK read before the Board the call and notice as sent out by him and

served upon each member. as follows:-	Las Vegas, Nevada, September 29th, 1914.

To. E.E. smith. P.J. Sullivan,

J.B. Curtiss, and E.W. Griffith.

City commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

Sirs:- You are hereby notified that the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas has this day