that said work be done with the understanding that said work was not cost an amount of over Four
hundred dollars to be paid by said City when the necessary funds are available in the City Treasurer.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the 10th day of May A.D. 1917. at the hour of
ten O'clock Am. of said day for the purpose of canvassing the official returns of the City election to
be held on the 8th day of May A.D. 1917.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 10th, 1917.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held on the 10th day of May 1917. per adjournment of said Board. Present Hon. W.E.
Hawkins Mayor, With Commissioners Farnsworth, Ball, the City Clerk and City Attorney being present.
This being the time set by the Board of City Commissioners for the canvassing of the election
returns of the general election held in said City on the 8th day of May A.D. 1917, for the office
of Mayor, and Four Commissioners in said City, the Board proceeded to canvas said vote and found
the following towit;

For Mayor.

Floyd Francis.	62.

W.E. Hawkins	304

For Commissioner of the First Class.

W.H. Elwell	308

Harry U. Morrison	51

For Commissioner second class

C.	P. Ball	220

D.	Petty	94

Julia Russell	45

For Commissioner Third Class

Mrs Geo. Burnside	55

J.M. Ullom	299

For Commissioner Fourth Class

C.C. Howard	35

F.E. Matzdorf	170

W.J. Reid	160

Whereupon Motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth and duly carried
it was ordered by the Board that the Clerk of this Board be and he is hereby Instructed to issue
certificates of election to the above named candidates receiving the highest number of votes as
shown by the official returns of said election the vote on said resolution being as follows towit;
Commissioners Ball, aye, Farnsworth, aye, and his honor the Mayor. W.E. Hawkins Voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of said Board.