OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK LAS VEGAS NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 3th, A.D. 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of city commissioners in and for the city of Las Vegas

nevada, held on the above mentioned date pursuant to adjournment Present all members of the Board



except his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, meeting called to order by the acting Mayor protem
O.D. Hicks,

At this time there were a number of claims presented to the Board for street work which war
were approved by the Board as appears more fully from the claim book on file with the Clerk of
this Board,

This being the time set by the Board for the taking up of the Question of the application
of A. H. Kramer for a retail liquor license, it was upon motionbeing duly made and carried
ordered that this matter go over until such time as the Mayor W.E. Hawkins is Present.

The question of making out claims for street work and the payment of the same coming on
before the Board it was upon motion being first duly made and carried ordered that hear after
all those having claims against the City must come to the office of the City Clerk and have the
there claims sworn to as by law provided, and be checked over by the clerk of said Board withe
the time Book of the foreman of said work before said claims will be allowed by this Board.

There being no further business before this Board at this time it was upon motion being
first duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Friday September 10th
at seven 0'clock P.M. when said Board will meet to take and allow claims for street work of
said City.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

September 10th, 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 10th day of September A.D. 1915, pursuant to adjournment Present Commissioners
Hicks acting Mayor Pro Tam, and Commissioners Ball and Elwell, the Mayor W.E. Hawkins and Comm-
issioner Matzdorf being absent. UPON motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the sum of

Five hundred dollars be transferred from the salary fund of said City to the street fund of the CITY

 				 	

At this time there being a number of claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for street

Work in said City it was upon motion being frist duly made and carried ordered that said Claims

be and the same are hereby allowed as per claims Book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

A.H. Kramer being present with his attorney W.R. THOMas for the purpose of taking up the

application of retail saloon license heretofore filed it was ordered that this matter he laid over

until the next meeting of the Board.

There being no further Business before the Board it was upon motion being first duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Friday September 17th, A.D. 1915. at seven
thirty 0'clock P.M. for the purposes of passing on claims for street work and any other matters
that may come before this Board pertaining to the interest of the City of las Vegas, Nevada.