Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, December 5th 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the 5th day of December A.D. 1917, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners
Ball, Ullom, and Elwell, City Clerk and City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the
Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time Mrs C.P. Squires appeared before the Board in company with Mr Geo. Hayes and made
a verbal report as to the condition of the City Librarysetting forth its needs and what it had
accomplished since it had been existence, thereupon motion being duly made and carried it was
ordered by the Board that a Vote of thanks be extended to the Library Board of City of Las Vegas
Nevada, for the good work they had accomplished in said work.

At this time J.W. Squires appeared before the Board in reference to the Fire Department of said



City, calling attention of the Board to the fact that it would be necessary to make some arrangement
to prevent the material in the tanks from freezing during cold weather, and also setting forth
the fact that certain necessary supplies were needed for said Fire department, whereupon it was
ordered that this matter be referred to the Mayor of said City.

The question of extra police coming on before the Board it was upon motion being duly made ant
carried ordered that J.W. Squires be and is hereby appointed as a special officer for the month
of December in and for said City of Las Vegas Nevada at a compensation not to exceed the sum of
Forty dollars.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the written resignation of F.E. Matzdorf as Fire
and police commissioner of the City of Las Vegas Nevada said resignation to take effect at once
Whereupon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by commissioner Elwell and duly carried it
was ordered by the Board that said resignation be and the same is hereby accepted by this Board
to take effect at once, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners
Ball, aye Elwell, aye, Ullom, aye, and his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time H.M. Lillis appeared before the Board upon behalf Of the Las Vegas School Board
No. 12 and requested that an electric light be established in front and rear of the Public school
building on Four street in said City of Las Vegas Nevada, Whereupon after due consideration upon
the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell
and duly carried ordered that an electric light be established in front and rear of said
Grammer school building in said City of Las Vegas Nevada, it was further ordered by the Board
that an electric light also be established in the front and rear of the Building of the High
school situated on forth street in said City of Las Vegas Nevada, said construction of said
electric light to be under the supervision of W.H. Elwell the Light commissioner of said City 
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Ball aye, Elwell, aye, Ullom
aye and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board at this time it was upon motion being duly
made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Wednesday December the 12th, at
nine O'clock A.M. of said to consider any all matters that may come before this Board.