The vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye, Stewart, aye, Von
Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. voting aye,

At this time the City Attorney was requested to prepair an ordinance covering the
Las Vegas Land and water Co., relative to the paying

of a City license tax.

An ordinance was read regarding the question of a City Dumping ground after due consideration

 upon the part of the Board it was ordered that the same be laid over for the present.

An ordinance was read before the Board relating to the keeping and Storage of Combustibles

 and Explosive Material, it was upon motion duly made and carried that the same be laid over
for the present.

An ordinance was read before the Board relating to establishing Penal provisions Relating
to streets and alleys, it was upon motion duly made and carried that the same belaid over for the
present.

This being the time set for the opening of sewerage bonds bids, the Clerk was instructed to
open said bids, The Clerk there upon said bids the same being, three in number as follows towit:-
Butter May and Company of Chicago I11, said bid being at $40,000.00 dollars at par, and accrued
interest to date of delivery, the City to allow the sum of $400.00 for commission Attorneys fees
and lithographing of the bonds. The next bid opened was the bid of H.T. Holtz and Co. of
Chicago I11, $40.021 with accrued interest to date of delivery, the City to allow the sum of
$1000.00 for legal fees and lithographing the bonds. The Sutherlin and Company to pay on delivery
of bonds in Kansas City, $40.885. 00 and accrued interest at the date of delivery and will in
addition furnish without expence to the City, lithographed bonds.

Upon motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Von Tobel , and duly carried it was ordered that
the bids of Sutherlin and Company be accepted, as made as appears more fully from the said typewritten

bid now file with the Clerk of said Board, and the Clerk is hereby authorized to immediately
notify them of the acceptance of their bid, and to return the rejected bids to the makers thereof.
and further that the Clerk hold the certified check of the said Sutherlin Company for $400.00
in accordance with the contract.

Upon duly made it was resolved that the Clerk have prepaired and forwarded to the said



Sutherlin & Company a certified copy of all the proceedings and papers necessary or required for
examination and approval of the said Sutherlin Company, and that the sum of $15.00 be set apart
and allowed to the Clerk to cover the expenses of the aforesaid copies.

The vote being cat as follows towit:- Coughlin aye , McGovern aye, Stewart, aye,

Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye, There being no further business before
the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the Board adjourn untill Saturday

December 9th, A.D. 1911 at 8 o'clock P.M.