for permission to erect a electric light and telephone line from the power house of the Consolidate

light and Power Company on Main street to end City limits on the Goodsprings road, and advised the

the Board that the said Pollard had made arrangements to have the said power Company build said line



instead of him self and recommended to the Board that such being the case that they reject said petition
whereupon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried it was
ordered that said petition be and the same is hereby rejected and denied. the vote on said resolution
be as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Las Vegas Voluntary Fire Departments petition requesting the City of Las Vegas for the right
and privilege to use fifth street from Bonneville to Fremont street for the purpose of holding there
labor day horse racing and having said City put said street in order was then read before the Board
whereupon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried it was
that said request be and the same is hereby granted and that the said matter be turned over to Street
Commissioner C.P. Ball, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye. Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then read before the Board a petition from C.F. Watson the Cemetery Sexton asking
for an increase in salary as said Cemetery Sexton whereupon after due consideration upon the part
of the Board it was ordered that this matter be laid over until the next meeting of the Board.

The City Attorney was authorized to prepare a notice for the fire Marshal governing the fire
Ordinances in said City and the City Clerk is hereby authorized to have the same printed.

The Dog ordinance was then discussed by the Board and it was ordered that this matter be taken
up at the next regular meeting of the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried the City
Clerk was ordered and directed to have all City printing in the future done at the office of the
Clark County Review, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf
aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of having an adjourned meeting of the Board for the purpose of taking up any and
all matters relating to said City and especially the yearly Budget coming on before the Board it
was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried ordered
that this Board stand adjourned until the next Tuesday in this month which will be July 13th 1915.
at nine o'clock A.M. of said day, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioner
Matzdorf aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.