example and an inspiration to his friends and associates and a
guide to good citizenship.

Let a copy of this Resolution be spread upon the Minutes of
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, this 3rd
day of August, 1921, and a copy thereof be transmitted by the
Clerk to the widow of the deceased"

At	this time the question of the appointment of a mayor to fill the unexpired term of Mayor Jones

came up for discussion and after due consideration  upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded 

by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried, Chas. Ireland was appointed to fill this office. The same
to take effect upon his filing and the approval of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1000.00
and filing of the Oath of Office. Voting Commissioners Brickie, and Hodgens aye. Noes None. Chas.
Ireland not voting.

At this time upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens seconded by Commissioner Brickie the office of
Commissioner of the Fourth class was declared vacant. Voting Commissioners Brickie and Hodgens and
his honor the Mayor pro tem Ireland, aye. Noes none. The appointment of a fourth class commissioner
came on for discussion and it was upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens seconded by Commissioner Brickie
and duly carried that Harry Anderson was elected to fill this office, this appointment to take effect
upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1000.00 and upon his taking

the Oath of Office. Voting Commissioners Brickie and Hodgens and his honor the Mayor pro tem Ireland

aye. Noes none.

Upon Motion of Commissioner Brickie seconded by Commissioner Hodgens and duly carried it was
ordered that the following resolution be spread upon the minutes of this Board: Voting Commissioners
Brickie and Hodgens and his honor the Mayor pro tem Ireland, aye. Noes none.

"RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, THERE is great and pressing need throughout the Southwest, for
the hydro-electric power which may be developed on the Colorado River
at or near Boulder Canyon; and

WHEREAS, The interest of the State of Nevada and especially of Las Vegas
and Clark County, demands that such power be developed without further
delay, to the end that we may soon enjoy the prosperity which this great
enterprise will bring to the entire southwest, Now, therefore,

BE IT RESOLVED, that we look with distrust upon the efforts being made by
the City of Los Angeles to secure control of the Boulder Canyon Power site,
believing that such efforts will result only in long delay in the consumma-
tion of the project; and

Be it Resolved, that the interests of Nevada and Arizona affected in this matter,
being identical, we voice oar strenuous objections to the granting of permits,
by Nevada and Arizona to any California municipality or combination of govern-
mental or political organization.

BE IT RESOLVED That we hereby express our approval of the proposal of the
Southern California Edison Company, with the understanding that said company
will finance and construct works for the development of hydro-electric power
at or near Boulder Canyon, giving proper and satisfactory assurances that the
interests of all localities shall be properly recognized in the distribution
of power, and that work on such development shall be began as soon as the
necessary permits are secured and pushed without delay to early completion.

THIS RESOLUTION was duly adopted at a meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, at their meeting held this 3rd day
of August, 1921.

(signed:) Chas. Ireland,

Mayor Pro tem.

Florence S. Doherty,

(seal)	City Clerk. "

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried, it was
ordered that the salary of the City Clerk be raised to the sum of $50.00 per month to take effect
August 1, 1921. Voting Commissioners Brickie and Hodgens and his honor the Mayor Chas. Ireland, aye.
Noes none.

At this time the matter of the increasing the police force by adding another policeman was after
due consideration it was ordered that the matter be referred to the Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. 
R. Hodgens for investigation and action was devered until the next regular meeting of the Board.

At this time the City Clerk read for the second tine Ordinance No. 83, entitled: "An Ordinance
to Amend Ordinance No. 36 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled An Ordinance providing for the Issuance of
Plumbing and Sewer Connection Permits, for the inspection of Plumbing and sewer connections and for
the regulation and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas"