November 15,1921.

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

My dear Miss Doherty:

In reply to your letter of November 8th
	regarding the disposition of needy transients cases, will say

that the matter has always been handled by the County and not
the City. A case came up a short time ago where there were
several children and a mother who had nothing at all, and the
County Commissioners provided food and a room for them, and later
bought a ticket to some place in the East where the woman had a 
mother living. In several cases the indigents have been given
tickets for transportation to different points, but always by
the County. I am of the opinion however, that if the matter became
pressing the County and City would, no doubt ,co-operate.

Very truly yours,

Mae McNamara.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communication:

Winnemucca, Nevada. Nov. 15, 1921.

Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk.

City of Las Vegas,

Dear Madam:"

Replying to your letter of the 8th inst.relative
	to provisions made by our city government for the care of needy

transients, will state that, because of the press of hard times,
the city has made the following arrangement.

The transient is provided with a bed at the jail and

also with his breakfast the following morning ,the expense being
paid by the city.

There is no ordinance regarding the matter. the city
simply having made the above arrangement to meet the situation.

Very truly yours,

Fannie Carp

City Clerk.

whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded 

by Commissioner Hodgens that the Clerk be and she is hereby instructed to write the
Rev. Leo C. Kline a letter, thanking him for his suggestion of a manner for handling the
needy traveling through the city, and to inform him that, altho the City is unable at
this time to work eat the plans suggested by him, arrangements are being considered by
the Police and Street Departments whereby needy persons desirous of employment but
unable to find the same may be famished with the means for working on the city
streets, and to be furnished with their Board for said work. Voting Commissioners
Brickie, Hodgens, and Anderson ,and His Honor the Mayor, Aye Noes, none.

There being no farther business to come before the Board at this time
it was moved by Commissioner Hodgens, and seconded by Commissioner Anderson that the
Board adjourn until Wednesday, January 4th, at the hoar of eight o'clock p.m. Voting
Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.