To the Board of City Commissioners Las egas, Nevada.	Las Vegas, Nevada, Jan. 31st, 1917.

Gentlemen; This is to inform you that section 13 of ordinance No. 45 was violated at the Squires
Hotel by serving drinks between the hours of one O'clock and six A.M. jan. 20th, 1917.

Yours truly.

F.A. Waite, Police.

Whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion being duly made
and carried, ordered that the Clerk of this Board be and he is hereby directed to notify the said
H.E. Squires owner of said saloon to appear before the Board of City Commissioners of the said City

	

of Las Vegas, Nevada, at ten O'clock A.M. Wednesday March 7th, A.D. 1917. and show cause if any he
has why his saloon license should not be revoked or suspended the vote upon said resolution being
as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf aye, Farnsworth, aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, and his Honor
the mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Ordinance No. 67 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada regulating regulating the parking of Automobile
for the second time and after due consideration it was upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, and
seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth and duly carried ordered that said ordinance be passed, as appears
more fully under Ordinance No. 17 in ordinance Book No. one. to which reference is hereby made, the
vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth aye, Ball
aye, Elwell aye, and his honor the Mayor W.H. Hawkins voting aye. Nones , None.

At this time A.L.J. Clark appeared before the Board and stated a proposition to said Board whereby 

he desired to sell to said City a certain Artesian Well situated in what is known as the original
Townsite to Clarks Las Vegas Townsite Clark County Nevada, setting forth to the Board that there
was about three or three and one half inches of water flowing from said well and by the laying of
pipe through the streets and alleys of said townsite said water could be piped to the various residences 

of said townsite for Domestic use, but as he the said A.L.J. Clark was unable to tell just what

streets and alleys said pipe lines would have to pass through it was after due consideration upon 
the part of the Board that this matter be passed to some future date.

At this time a Committee from the Mesquite Club appeared before the Board upon the matter of
having the Board of City Commissioners approve of the Committee as appointed by said Mesquite Club
to be known as the Library Committee, and further that said committee have power to handle all matters
relating to the said Library and to be known as the library committee, whereupon after due considerat-
ion upon the part of the Board it whs ordered that said Committee be and the same is hereby created and
appointed said Committee to consist of C.P. Squires and James C. Thomas & F.A. Stevens, thereupon
said committee represented to the Board that they were in a position to act in conjunction with the
Chamber of Commerce of the City of Las Vegas Nevada setting for the fact that felt they could get

the Chamber of Commerce to consolidate there Chamber with the Library and further that if said

consolidation was accomplished the County Commissioners of Clark County would give to said Committee
for Use in publicity purposes the sum of fifty dollars per month, and requested this Board to take 
similar action in the matter, Whereupon it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that
the sum of Sixty dollars per month be and the same is hereby ordered to be paid each and every month
out of the General fund of said City for the support of said Library and Chamber of Commerce provi-
ding that the said Chamber of Commerce and Library are consolidated as one, the vote upon said
resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth, aye, Elwell, aye,

Ball aye, and his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

It was then upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned

until the next regular meeting of the Board in March. 1917.