Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

March, 6th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
pursuant to adjournment present Hon. Peter Buol. Mayor and all members of the Board, and Clerk.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved and read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against theCity allowed per claim Book.

At this time A.J. Frye Night Marshall of the said City tendered to the Board his resignation

 as such Night Marshall to take effect March 12th, 1912. upon motion of Commissioners
Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried the following was adopted towit:- " Whereas
Mr A.J. Frye Night Marshall of the City of Las Vegas has tendered his resignation as Night
Marshall of the said City of Las Vegas, to take effect March 12th, 1912. and, whereas the said
A.J. Frye has served the City of Las Vegas loyally and faithfully the said resignation is accepted
and the thanks of the City Counsel of the City of Las Vegas, are hereby tendered to the said
A.J. Frye for his faithful services.	

Fire Commissioners Von Tobel then announced to the Board the name of Frank E. Toph as
night marshall to fill the vacancy of A.J. Frye, at a salary of one hundred and fifteen dollars
per Month, to take effect March 12. 1912. upon his filing a good and sufficient bond in the
sum of one thousand dollars and his oath of office, the same to be approved by the Mayor, upon
motion duly made and carried it was ordered that said appointment be approved by this Board.

A request of W.E. Hawkins Chairman of County and Municipal affairs of the Chamber of
Commerce relating to signs across and over sidewalks of said City and the numbering of houses
in said City was ordered laid over until the next regular meeting of the Board.

To following petition was then read before the Board:- "To the City Commissioners
of the City of Las vegas:-	we respectfully petition your body to cause to be established

a fire hydrant in the alley, in the center or near the center of block 2, in Clark's

Las Vegas Townsite, so that the same might be convenient for fire purposes in order to reach



a fire any where on Fremont or First streets now built up with buildings, adjoining those streets
Signed,	W.R. Thomas, H.E. Squires, OOC. Boggs, B.F. Boggs, O.D. Hicks, A.N. Pauff and

J.S. Wisner.

After due consideration of the matter it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by
Mc Govern and duly carried that the said request be granted. the vote being cast as follows
towit:- Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor
Peter Buol aye.

At this time Commissioner Von Tobel, asked the Board that the City Attorney be instructed

to draw up ordinance Governing the shutting off of water in all parts of the City when
said Fire Company department is fighting fires. upon motion duly made and carried it was
ordered that said request of Commissioners Von Tobel be granted, and the City Attorney so
instructed.

The franchise of Philip K. Buck. for a franchise to install, maintain and operate
a system of water works in Bucks sub division of Las Vegas, and to make extensions thereto
from time to time, and prescribing the terms and conditions under which this franchise is
granted then read before the Board for second reading, the Clerk then proceeded to read said
ordinance in full to the Board, after the reading of the same it was upon motion of Stewart
and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried that said ordinance be granted as read as appears
more fully in ordinance Book one of said said City, and to which reference is hereby made.

The vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Stewart aye, Von

Tobel, aye , and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol aye.