oral report to said Board approving sail Work it was then upon motion being duly male and carried
ordered that said contract for work on Main street under district No 5 in said City be paid in full
in the sum of $622.30. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Elwell
aye, Matzdorf, aye, Ball, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned unless called sooner together by the Mayor of said
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

October 10th, 1916.

At a special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, called together by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, W.E. Hawkins, Present. Comm-
issioners Matzdorf, Elwell, Ball. and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, with the Clerk and City
Attorney.

At this Time the Clerk read the special Call of the Mayor of said City to the Members of the
Board which set forth the fact that the Board had been called together to take up and Consider
the question of Filling the vacancy as created by the resignation of O.D. Hicks, whereupon after
due consideration of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, and seconded by Commissi
oner Ball and duly carried ordered that David Farnsworth Be and is hereby appointed to the office
of City Commissioner in and for the City of las Vegas, Nevada to fill the unexpired term of O.D.
Hicks who had resigned and the same having been accepted by this Board, and it was further ordered
by the Board that his appointment is to take effect upon his filing his Bond and Oath of Office and
the approval of the same by the Mayor W.E. Hawkins of said City, and it was further ordered by the
Mayor that he the said David Farnsworth be and is hereby appointed to the office of Street Commissioner
of said City of Las Vegas. Nevada, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioner
Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and Carried 

ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of this Board.