Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, January 7th, 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas

Nevada, held on the 7th, day of January A.D. 1914. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with members

Commissioners Griffith, Curtiss, smith, and P.J. Sullivan being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved by the Board, All claims against the



City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as appears from claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time the Clerk

read before the Board the application of John Medine for a retail
liquor establishment for the year 1914. whereby upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded
by the Mayor it was moved that said application be granted as prayed for in said petition the
vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Curtiss, aye, smith No. Griffith
No. and his honor the Mayor voting aye. said vote being a tie said resolution was lost.

At this time a special committee of Ladles of the City of las Vegas Nevada Mrs W.B. Mundy
and Mrs I.C. Johnson appeared before the Board regarding a site for a Cemetery in said City and
reported progress in said matter and asked for further time when they be able to make a more
complete report to the Board which was granted.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an Ordinance entitled :"An Ordinance prohibiting
dogs from running at large in the streets , alleys or public places of the City of Las Vegas
and Repaling Ordinance No. 19, entitled " An ordinance amending ordinance No. 12 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled, " An ordinance providing for the collection of a dog license or tax" and
all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith. for the second reading Upon
motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner smith that said ordinance be assessed
as appears more fully in ordinance Book No. one of said City under ordinance No. 51 of said City
the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, No. Griffith aye, smith, aye, and his
honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the application of T.J. Connell for the position
as Night Marshall in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada , whereupon motion being duly made and
carried it was ordered that the same be placed on file.

At this time the Financial Commissioner J.B. Curtiss read before the Budget for the year 1914
for the second reading before the as follows towit:-

Las Vegas Nevada December 3rd, 1914.	

To the Hon. Mayor and City Commissioners:

Sirs:	As your Commissioner of Finance, I hereby submit for your approval, the yearly budget

for the forthcoming year: The amount of Licenses per month about $750.00; amount of money required
for running expenses as follows:

Sinking Fund	.06	$525.00

Sewer Bond Interest	Fund	28	2400.00

Street Fund	30	2625.00

General Fund	36	3150.00

On total assessed valuation of $875.000.00 Rate one dollar per hundred.

25% of licenses estimated at $2000.00 per quarter for salary fund.

20% of Licenses for sewer and light fund.

25% of license for police and fire fund.

10% for street fund.

20% for general fund.	Respectfully submitted. J.B. Curtiss.

Finance Commissioner.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith the above budget was adopted
by the following vote: Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the
Mayor voting aye.