Office of the City ClerK Las Vegas, Nevada.

January 1st, A.D. 1912.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. Ed. Von Tobel Mayor protem with Commissioners
Coughlin, and Mc Govern there being a quorum present the Board then proceed to take up any and
all matters that might come before it.

Minutes of regular and special meetings read and. approved as read, Reports of officers
read and approved, All claims against the City allowed and ordered paid as appears more fully
from claim book now on file with the ClerK of this Board, with the exceptions of the claim of
A.W. Jurden lumber Co. laid over for the approval of Street Commissioner Stewart and the Claim
of W.D. Worrell also laid over for the approval of the Street Commissioner, Stewart.

The question of settling with L.C. Kelsey the engineer employed by the City of Las

Vegas, Nevada relative to the construction of said sewer system and he having filed his recommendation 

of the acceptance of said sewer system as appear as follows towit:-
To the Hon. Mayor and City Commissioners Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen : I hereby recommend that the sewerage system as constructed by the American
Light and Water Company for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada be accepted.

Yours truly. Louis C. Kelsey, Engineer.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board the following resolution was adopted

towit:- whereas it appears to this Board that the construction of the sewerage system in and

for the City of Las Vegas, has been completed per plans and specifications: and whereas there is

an amount is due Louis C. Kelsey for engineer services In the sum of $448.90 and whereas Louis C.



Kelsey is to deliver to the said City of Las Vegas a plat or blue print of all "Y" and



"T" in said sewer system it is upon motion of Coughlin seconded by McGovern duly made and carried: 

ordered that Louis C. Kelsey be and is hereby allowed the sum of $350.00 and be it further ordered that upon the filing and
delivering to said City the above mentioned plat the City of Las Vegas, Nevada will pay said
balance due Louis C. Kelsey as per contract entered into between said City and Louis C. Kelsey
the vote being as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern , aye, and his honor the Mayor
Protem Ed. Von Tobel. aye.

An ordinance governing the sewer and plumbing conditions in the said City coming on before

the Board for second reading the ClerK then proceeded to read the same before the Board after

a general discussion upon the part of the Board it was ordered that the passing of this ordinance

be laid over for final passage until January 7th, A.D. 1913, the vote being as follows towit
Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

The question of ordering the necessary supplies for the plumbing inspector coming on

before the Board it was upon motion of Mc Govern and duly seconded by Coughlin and duly carried

ordered that the ClerK of this Board be and is hereby instructed to order the necessary supplies

for said plumbing inspector. the vote be as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, and his

honor the Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel, voting aye.

There being no no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried

order that this Board stand adjourned until January 7th, A.D. 1913. at eight o'clock P.M.

Las Vegas, Nevada January 7th, A.D. 1913.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas,Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present Hon Peter Buol Mayor and Commissioners
Coughlin, Stewart, and Commissioner Von Tobel. this being the time set by the Board for the
reading and final passage of ordinance No. 35 covering the sewer system and plumbing in said

City it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried ordered that sal d