Thereupon it was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and
duly carried ordered that the ordinance as amended be and the same is hereby passed and the Clerk
of this Board is hereby directed and ordered to have the same published as by law provided and as
appears more fully in Ordinance book one of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada under Ordinance No. 71
of the said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit;
Commissioner Ball aye, Miller aye, Elwell aye, Ullom aye, and his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board an ordinance amending the Fire ordinance of said City as
relates to the exempting from said Ordinance Lots no. 28, 29, 30, 31, and 32 in Block No. 15 of said
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and it
having been moved by Commissioner Miller and seconded by Commissioner Elwell it was ordered that
said amended ordinance be and the same is hereby denied upon the following vote towit; Ball No,
Miller, no, Elwell no, Ullom no, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board unless
called together sooner by order of the Mayor.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 20th, 1918.



At a regular called special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
said meeting being called by the Mayor of said City, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with members
of said Board, the City Clerk and City Attorney .

There upon the Clerk stated to the Board the object of the said special called meeting inform-
ing the Board that the object of said call was upon special request of the Mayor W.E. Hawkins for
purpose of considering the adoption of an amendment to Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas,
being an ordinance, entitled " An Ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regul-
ating building construction and the keeping and storage of combustibles and explosives, and to
consider such other matters as may come before such meeting, thereupon upon the Clerk Present ed
to the Board the written notice of the Mayor calling said special meeting which was ordered filed
and recorded as follows:

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 17, 1918.

To Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk

A special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
by me, to be held at the office of the City Commissioners in the Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada, on
Thursday the 20th day of June, 1918 at the hour of seven thirty O'clock P.M. on said day, to consid-
er the adoption of an amendment to Ordinance No 27 of the City of Las Vegas, being an ordinance, entitled 

" An Ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construc-
tion and the keeping and storage of combustibles and explosives, and to consider such other matters
as may come before such meeting. You will please make and serve notices in accordance herewith.

W.E. Hawkins

Filed June 17th, 1918. Harley A. Harmon Clerk.

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the following notice which was ordered filed and
spread upon the minutes as follows towit;	Las Vegas, Nevada June 17th, 1918.

To C.P. Ball, John F. Miller, W.H. Elwell, J.M. Ullom and W.E. Hawkins Mayor.

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

You are hereby notified that pursuant to a call this day made by the Mayor of the City of Las
Vegas a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the said City of Las Vegas will be

held at the office of the City Commissioners in the Court house at Las Vegas, Nevada on Thursday
the 20th, day of 