meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
	Vegas, to be held at the Commissioners' Room of the County

Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada on Monday, the 25th day
of April, 1921, at the hour of two o'clock P.M. of said
day, for the purpose of considering and acting upon the pe-
tition of the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company for
a license or permit to lay telephone cables under the alleys
and streets of the City Las Vegas, and to consider and
act upon such other business as may lawfully come before the
meeting.

You will give notice of such meeting to the members of said

Board.

W.E. Ferron

Mayor.

Filed April 22, 1921. Florence S. Doherty, Clerk

The Clerk then presented to the Board the following notice which was ordered filed
and spread upon the minutes as follows to-wit:

Las Vegas, Nevada, April 22,1921.

To Howard Conklin, Lou Martin, C.E. Pembroke and W.E. Ferron, Mayor,
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

In pursuance of a call issued by the mayor, therefore on the
22nd day of April, 1921, you are hereby notified that there will be
a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, at the Commissioners' Room in the County
Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada on the 25th day of April, A.D. 1921
at the hour of two o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the
petition of the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company for
a license or permit to lay telephone line cables under the
streets and alleys of Las Vegas, and to consider and act on
such other business as may lawfully come before said meeting.

Florence S Doherty

City Clerk.

Filed April 22,1921, Florence S. Doherty.

whereupon the Board proceeded to take up the matter of the granting of a permit to lay
telephone cables under the streets and alleys of the City of Las Vegas, as prayed for
in the petition of the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company, and after considerable
discussion it was the order of the Board upon motion made by Commissioners Martin and
seconded by Commissioner Conklin that the City Attorney be, and he is hereby instructed
to make a complete investigation and to draw up a permit and regulations subject to
the investigation and approval of the Board, same to be presented at the next regular
meeting of the Board. Voting, Conklin, Yes; Pembroke, Yes; Martin, Yes, and His Honor the Mayor
W.E. Ferron, Yes; Noes, None.

It was the motion of Commissioner Pembroke seconded by Commissioner Conklin
that the Street Commissioner be directed to make arrangements for placing sanitary recep-
tacles on the street corners of Fremont Street for the deposit of rubbish and papers. Voting
Conklin, Yes; Pembroke, Yes; Martin, Yes; and His Honor the Mayor, W.E. Ferron, Yes; Noes, None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time a
motion to adjourn was carried unanimously.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.
MAY 4th, 1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of May, A.D. 1921, at two o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor W.E.
Ferron, with Commissioners Howard Conklin, C.E. Pembroke, and Lou Martin, together with the
Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.