Hawkins and Leo A. McName appearing in behalf of the petition. Thereupon an order was made upon
motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens authorizing the Mayor and the
City Clerk to grant a permit to W.E. Hawkins, in behalf of the City of Las Vegas, for the purpose
of furnishing water to families residing in Hawkins Addition. Voting, Commissioners, Hodgens,

Brickie, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon a petition signed by approximately one hundred residents of the City of Las
Vegas asking that the City of Las Vegas, "immediately take such steps as are required under
the Charter for the acquisition by said City of a municipally owned and operated gas plant
and works". Whereupon after general discussion it was the order of the Board that the Clerk
make inquiries of other cities similarly situated which own their own gas plants as to the
approximate cost of installation, operation, etc. This was moved by Commissioner Brickie, and sec-
onded by Commissioner Hodgens. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Anderson and His Honor the
Mayor, William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time Commissioner Brickie reported regarding the investigations of the Commit-
tee appointed to look into the matter of extending the sewer into the Buck and Fairview Additions
and reported unfavorably thereon, it being considered too large an expense to be undertaken at 
this time.

It was moved by Commissioner Brickie and seconded by Commissioner Hodgens that the
Clerk be and she is hereby instructed to notify the City treasurer to Transfer the sum of $475.00
from the Police and Fire Fund to the General Fund, on account of money heretofore borrowed. Voting
Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commis-
sioner Hodgens, and duly carried that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to notify the
City Treasurer to transfer the sum of $400.00 from the General Fund to the Street Fund. Voting 
Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

The matter of street signs for the city streets was referred to the Street Commis-
sioner for investigation as to cost, etc.

At this time the Clerk read the following communications:

Nov. 28, 1921.

The Mayor,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Mr Guy P. Mohler, P.O. Box 516, Needles, California, has filed appli-
cation covering power projects on Colorado River approximately from Callville 

Wash to the lower end of Pyramid Canyon.

Any objections to or comments on this proposed project should be
addressed to this Commission not later than January 21,1922.

Very truly yours,

O.C. Merrill

whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion duly made and carried that the Clerk
write to the Board in effect that the Board holds the same opinion as stated in its commun-
ication to said Federal Power Board re the applications of the City of Los Angeles and the

Southern California Edison Company.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communications;

Nov. 12th, 1921.

Florence S. Doherty, Clerk,

City of Las Vegas,

Nevada.

Dear Madam:

Replying to yours of the 8th inst., relative to the
plans of needy transients ,will state that we have no provisions as yet;
bat most of such cases are taken care of by the different charitable in-
institutions. 

Yours very truly

J.B. Reese

City Clerk.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communication :