Attest Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.	The statutes provide that all male citizens	

of the United States who have resided in the State of Nevada, six months, and in the County



and City thirty days are entitled to vote at said special election The law provides that the ballots
shall have printed thereon , the words" Sewerage Bonds Yes" and "Sewerage Bonds NO" in parrallel
lines, one above the other and that the voter will scratch out the word "Yes" if opposed to the
bonds and the "No" if in favor of there issue.

Peter Buol Mayor, Commissioners j.j. Coughlin, W.J. Stewart, Charles M. Mc Govern, and Ed Von Tobel.
Attest Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

It was then upon mot on of Stewart and seconded by Mc Govern order that the City Clerk,
be instructed to see and attend to the posting of notice, printing of ballots and all steps necessary

 to the carrying out of the said election as by law provided, the Vote being cast as follows
Commissioners Coughlin, aye, Stewart, Ed Von Tobel. aye, Mc Govern aye. His Honor the Mayor aye.
Attest Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.	'

The question of letting the City printing by contract coming on before the Board it was
upon motion of of Von Tobel and seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that the Clerk be
instructed to advertise for sealed Bids on all City printing for the City of Las Vegas, said
contract to be for the life of this Board, The vote being cast as follows towit:- Commissioners
Coughlin aye, Commissioners, Von Tobel, aye, Commissioner Mc Govern aye, and Stewart aye.

His Honor the Mayor voting aye.	Attest Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

At this time Harley Al Harmon City Clerk stated before the Board that he wished to have
premission from the Board for a leave of absence of 20 days. after due consideration upon
the part of the Board it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Mc Govern and duly carried
that the City Clerk be granted and leave absence of 20 days, and further that Frank A. Doherty
be and is hereby appointed as Deputy City Clerk, during the absence of City Clerk Harley A. Harmon,
the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin aye, Von Tobel, aye, Mc Govern aye, Stewart, aye,



Ordinance No. 10.

The Board of commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:



#1. That every Idle and dissolute person with out visible or known means of living, who has the physical
ability to work, and who does not for the space of five days use full due diligence to seek
employment , nor labor when employment is offered him, also every idle or dissolute person
who roams about the Country from place to place without any lawful business; also every healthy
begger who solicits alms as a business; also every person who makes a practice of going from
house to house begging food, money or other articles , or seeks admission to such houses on
frivolous pretexts for no other apparent motive than to see who may be therein; or to gain an
insight of the premises; also every idler or dissolute person or associate of known thieves
who wanders about the streets at late and unusual hours of the night, or prowls around dark
alleys, by-ways, and other dark and unfrequented places at any hour of the night without any
legitimate business in so doing; also every idler dissolute person who lodges in any barn , shop
shed, outhouse, or place other than that kept for lodging purposes, without the permission
of the owner or person entitled to the possession thereof, also every lewd or dissolute person
male person who lives in or about any house of prostitution or ill-fame, also every lewd and
dissolute female person known as a street walker or common prostitute, who shall upon the public
streets or in or about any public or general resort for men, or in any saloon, barroom or other
place within the sight or hearing of ladies or children, conduct and behave herself in an immodest,

 drunken, indecent, provane or obscene manner, either by action, language or improper
exposure of her person; every common drunkard who is in the habit of lying around the streets,
alleys, saloons, barrooms or other public places in a state of intoxication; also every boy or