seconded by Coughlin ordered by the Board that the City Attorney be instructed to draw up an ordinance
regulating the running and handling, and muffling of Gas Engines in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
the Vote being cast as follows towit:- McGovern aye, Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, von Tobel,
aye, and His Honor the Mayor, Peter Buol aye,

Upon motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried it was ordered that
the sum of two hundred dollars set aside for the use of the Street Commissioner Stewart, the same
to be used upon the street of said City, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Mc Govern aye,
Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye,

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded

Coughlin and duly carried ordered that the Board adjourn untill October the 11th , at 8 o'clock
P.M. 1911. the vote being cast as follows towit:-

Las Vegas, Nevada, October 11th, 1911.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners sitting in and for the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, held pursuant to adjournment, Present The Hon. Ed. Von Tobel commissioner, Commissioners

Stewart, and Chas McGovern, and City Clerk. His Honor the Mayor being absent, Ed Von Tobel Mayor

protem took the Chair and called the meeting to order, Minutes of the last regular meeting

read and approved as read,	The Board then took up the reports of the City Clerk, and Register

agent relative to the sewerage Bond election for the said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, after due

consideration upon the part of the Board the following resolution was adopted as follows towit

" In the matter of the Sewerage Bond election by the qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas,

The City Clerk reported that he taken the notice of election for sewerage by the electors of said

City in the form adopted at the regular meeting held September 6th, A.D. 1911. to the Las Vegas

Age, and the Clark County Review, and ordered the same published for a period of four weeks prior

to the date 0f such election and that he had posted the same form of notice in three conspicuous



places with in the limits of the said City of Las Vegas, for four consecutive weeks prior to
such election and presented that following affidavit to-that effect,

Affidavit of posting:

State of Nevada )

ss .

County of Clark)

I, Harley A. Harmon , being first duly sworn, says that, on the eight day of Sept.
A.D. 1911. he posted three notices of which the following and annexed is a true copy , in three
public places in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada, one at the City Clerks office one at
the front door of the post office, and one at the office of the Municipal Judges office, and all
within the limits of said City. Signed Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th, day of October A.D, 1911. Frank A. Doherty Notary

Public , Clark County , State of Nevada.

(Notary SEAL ).

Notice of Election:

FOR SEWERAGE BONDS FOR THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

Whereas, at a regular meeting of the Board of commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
at which the Mayor and all of said commissioners were present, and a report of commissioners