Thereafter due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing to the satisfaction
of the Board that the Bids of R.C. Dodds for the sum of ($275.00) is the best Bid of the bids hereto
submitted to said Board, it was upon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner
Griffith and duly carried ordered that the Bid of R.C. Dodds be and the same is hereby accepted and
the City Attorney be and is hereby instructed to draw up a contract between the said R.C. Dodds and
the City of Las Vegas Nevada, said contract to be signed by the Mayor of said City in the interest
of said City, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith. aye.
Sullivan aye. and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. There being no further business
before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand
adjourned until the next regular meeting of this Board.	

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

March 3rd, A.D. 1915.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held on the above mentioned date Present Hen. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, E.W. Griffith, J.B. Curtiss,

E.E. Smith and P.J. Sullivan Commissioners with the City Clark and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read, All claims against the City allowed except
the Claim of M.M. Riley which was rejected by the Board upon the grounds that the same was a legal
charge against the City of Las Vegas.

At this time the Cemetery Committee appeared before the Board and represented to the Board the
fact that it was necessary that some kind of a building be constructed upon the cemetery property
in said City whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of
Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried ordered that the plans
and specifications be drawn for said building and that the City Attorney be instructed to draw
Notice to contractors asking for bids on said building to be submitted to this Board on the 15th
day of March at 8:30 A.M. of said when all bids will be opened as per plans and specifications
on file with the Clerk of this Board, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit :-
Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye , and his honor the Mayor.

W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board An Ordinance to amend section eight (8) of Ordinance
No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled an Ordinance Fixing the Fire limits of the City of Las
Vegas, regulating building Construction and the keeping and storage of Combustibles and explosives,
whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing to the Board that an
emergency exists relative to said ordinance it was upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and sec-
onded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried it was ordered that this ordinance be passed as an
emergency ordinance as appears more fully in Ordinance Book number one of said City under Ordinance
No. 59 of said City:- the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Smith,
aye, Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then read an ordinance before the Board to amend Section one of ordinance No. 57
of the City of Las Vegas entitled an Ordinance to amend Section seven of Ordinance No. 33, entitled
an Ordinance regulating the distribution of Intoxicating liquors and regulating places where
liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses and repealing Ordi-
nance No. 3, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith, and introducing a
new section therein; for the first reading before the Board whereupon motion of Commissioner

Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried it was ordered that this