the Mayor voting No. the vote being tie said motion was lest.

The Clerk then read before the Board the application of John Medina for an permit to conduction
a retail liquor establishment in block 16, in the place known as the Arcade Saloon whereupon the
following resolution was offered by Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss
" Resolved that the application of John Medina for a retail liquor establishment permit at ground
floor premises on lot 11 in Block 16 in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in what is commonly known as
and called the " Redlight District" of the City of Las Vegas, be and the same is, hereby denied
for the reason that Four Retail Liquor establishment permits have already been issued for Retail
liquor Establishments in said block 16 for the year 1914 and are now in force and effect, and,
upon careful consideration of the question, we believe that the public interest requires that no
additional Retail liquor establishment permits be granted for or at or in said block No. 16 for the
year 1914. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith aye,
Curtiss, aye, Sullivan No. and his honor the Mayor voting No.		

The Clerk then read before the Board the application of Alonzo Snipes and Fred Davidson
for a retail permit to conduct a liquor establishment in said City in block 16, in the place
commonly Knew as the "00" saloon whereupon the following resolution was offered by Commissioner
Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss " Resolved , that the application of Alonzo snips
and Fred Davidson for a retail liquor establishment permit ar ground floor premises on lot no 9
in block 16 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in what is commonly known as and called the " Redlight
District" of the City of Las Vegas, be and the same is , hereby denied for the reason that four
Retail liquor establishment permits have already been issued for retail liquor establishments
in said block 16 for the year 1914 and arc now in force and effect, and , upon careful consideration
of the question, we believe that the public interest requires that no additional Retail liquor
establishment permits be granted for or at or in said block No. 16 for the year 1914. the vote
upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan No
and his honor the Mayor voting No.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the application for retail liquor establishment
of John F. Miller and Al James for a permit to conduct a retail liquor establishement in said City
in what is commonly Know as the Nevada Hotel whereupon the following resolution was offered
by Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss " Resolved, that the application
of John F. Miller and Al James for a retail liquor establishment permit at ground floor premises
on lots l-2-and 3 in block 3 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in the City of Las Vegas be and the
same is , hereby denied for the reason that fourteen retail liquor establishment permit s have
already been issued for retail liquor establishments in said City of Las Vegas for the year 1914
and are now in force and effect some of which are near said location, and , upon careful consider-
ation of the question, we believe that the public interest requires that no additional Retail
liquor establishments permits be granted in this City, and particularly that none be granted
at the location named, for the year 1914. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit :-
Commissioners Griffith, aye Curtiss, aye, Sullivan No. and his honor the Mayor voting No.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the application of Marion Coen for a retail
liquor establishment in said City in the place commonly known as the Arcade saloon building in
block 16 Clark's Las Vegas Townsite whereupon Commissioner Griffith offered the following resolution
as seconded by Commissioner Curtiss, " Resolved that the application of Marion Coen for a retail
liquor establishment permit at ground floor premises on lots 10 and 11 in block No, 16 of Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite in what is commonly known as and called the " Redlight district" of the City of
Las Vegas, be and the same is, hereby denied for the reason that four retail liquor establishments
permits have already been issued for retail liquor establishments in said Block 16 for the year
1914 and are new in force and effect, and, upon careful consideration of the question, we believe

that the public interest requires that no additional recall Retail liquor Establishments permits
be granted for or at or in said block 16 for the year 1914.