hundred dollars, or be imprisoned in the City Jail of said City for any period not exceeding

 fifty days.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval.

Upon motion of Von Tobel, seconded by McGovern, it was unanimously voted by the entire
Board that this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows: Coughlin,
aye, Von Tobel, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye. His honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye.

Dated the sixth day of September, 1911.

ORDINANCE NO. 17

AN ORDINANCE DEFINING AND PROHIBITING ASSAULT AND BATTERY.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain:

1.	An assault in an unlawful attempt coupled with the present ability to commit a violent

 injury to the person of another and any person convicted thereof, shall be subject to a
fine not exceeding one hundred dollars.

2.	Assault and battery is the unlawful beating of another person, and any person convicted

 thereof, shall be fined in any sum not exceeding two hundred and fifty dollars, or
imprisonment in the City Jail for any period not exceeding ninety days or by both such fine
and imprisonment.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval.

Upon motion of Von Tobel, seconded by McGovern, it was unanimously voted by the entire
Board that this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows: Coughlin,
aye, Von Tobel, aye, McGovern, aye; Stewart, aye, hi* honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye.

Dated the sixth day of September, 1911.

The question of asking for Bids for the printing of the above ordinances coming on before the
Board it was upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by Stewart ordered that the city Clerk ask
for Bids for the printing of the above described ordinances said Bids to be sealed and in the
hands of the City Clerk at ten O'clock A.M. of September 7th, 1911. vote being cast as follows
towit:- Coughlin aye, Von Tobel, aye, Mc Govern, aye, Stewart, aye, and his Honor the Mayor
voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded
by Me Govern and duly carried that the Board adjurne untill the 18th, day of September 1911.
at eight o'clock, P.M.