The question of Bonds for the various City officials coming on before the Board it was
after due consideration upon the part of the Biard, ordered that the Bonds be fixed as follows
towit:- 

The Bond of the Municipal judge One thousand dollars.

The Bond of the City Clerk Twenty five hundred dollars.

The Bond of the City Attorney One thousand dollars. and further that the aforesaid appoi-
ntive officers must file there bonds with the Board of City Commissioners on or before the 5th, day
of July 1911. with the Clerk of this Board fothe approval of the aforesaid Board.

At this time the Mayor announced the following appoimtements towit- Chas M. McGovern app-
ointed to the office of Police and Fire commissioner , W.J. Stewart appointed to the office of
Commissioner of Streets and Public property. J.J. Coughlin appointed to the office Finiance and
revenue Commissioner.

The question of Mayor protem coming on before the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and
seconded by Coughlin that Ed. VonTobel be elected to the offlce of Mayor protem, there being no
descending vote ED. Von Tobel was declared elected to the office of mayor protem.

The question of a second Mayor protem to act in the place of the Mayor and Mayor protem in
their absence coming on before the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Von Tobel
that W.J. Stewart be elected to the office of second Mayor protem there be no dessending vote W.J.
was duly elected to the office of second Mayor protem.

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner Chas M. McGovern announced to the Board that he
had engaged N. Mitchell for the office of Night Police for the City of Las Vegas, and recomded that
his Salary be fixed at $115.00 dollars per month. upon second of J.J. Coughlin it was duly carried
and ordered and passed that the Salary of said Night Police be fixed at $115.00 dollars per month.

Upon motion Coughlin seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried that the Board of City



Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do meet on the first Wednesday at eight O'clock P.M. on each
and every month.

Upon notion of $$$$$$$$ Stewart and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried it was ordered
that the Clerk and Commissioner of Finiance be impowered to purchase any and all supplies for
the conducting of the business of the City.

At this time the Mayor appointed Commissioners Von Tobel Coughlin and Stweart to inquire
into ways and means for procuring funds and finiances for the running of the City Goverment, and
that they make report at the next regular meeting of the said Board.

The question of property belonging to the City of Las Vegas now in the hands of Clark
County coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Von Tobel seconded by Stewart and duly
carried ordered that a written request be made upon the Board of County Commissioners of Clark
County requesting there officers to turn over any and all property in their hands belonging to
the City of Las Vegas.

It was upon motion of Von Tobel seconded by McGovern and duly carried that all appointive
office of the City of Las Vegas will take effect and date from the first day of July 1911.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion of Von Tobel and
seconded by McGovern and duly carried it was ordered that the Board adjurne untill the first
Wednesady in July to meet at 8 o'clock P.M. 1911. at the office of the City Clerk.