was upon motion by von Tobel and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried ordered that Mr Hicks
is hereby instructed by this Board to draw Plans and specifications for said City coverning this
matter, and submitt the same to the Board at their next regular meeting in February 1912. and
further that he be allowed the sum of $30.00 for said work. the vote being cast as follows towit:-
Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting
aye.

Upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Von Tobel it was ordered that the Street Commissioner

be allowed the sum of one hundred dollars for street purposes. the vote being cast as follows
towit:- Coughlin aye, Mc Govern aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter
Buol, aye,

Per a written request of this Board directed to the Board of County Commissioners of Clark

County relating to, the apportionment to the City of Las Vegas certain monies belonging to said

City out of the Las Vegas, Road district fund, the Clerk presented to the Board a written report

of said County Commissioners of Clark County relative to said request, in which it was found that



said City of Las Vegas was entitled to the sum of $1456.20 as appears more fully by said report
now on file in the office of the Clerk of this Board.

Office of the City Clerk, January 13th, A.D. 1912.

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Minutes of Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held at
the Office of the City Clerk on the 13th, day of January, 1912. at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

Upon calling of the Roll the following officers and members were found to be present, viz:
Mayor Buol, Commissioners, Stewart, Von Tobel, McGovern, and Coughlin, and City Clerk Harmon,

The Clerk thereupon read the Call and Notice given for this special meeting and the same
together with certificate of service of said notice ordered spread upon the minutes of this meeting

Las Vegas, Nevada, January 12th, 1912.

Harley A. Harmon, Esq:

City Clerk. City.

Dear Sir:

I hereby issue a call for a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 13th, day of
January, 1912. at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. of said day, to consider and act upon the following

 business, viz:	1. To consider and act on the matter of releasing Sutherlin & Co. from the

bid heretofore made by said Company upon the sewerage bonds of the City of Las Vegas. 2. To consider
and act on the matter of offering for sale or selling the sewerage bonds, the issue of which has
been heretofore authorized. 3. To transact any and all business relating to the above mentioned
matters.	And you are hereby requested and directed to give notice of the holding

of said meeting as by law provided. Respectfully. Peter Buol. Mayor.

Filed January 12, A.D. 1912. Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Las Vegas, Nevada, January 12. 1912.