Office of the Ct. Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada

September 6th, 1911.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held September
6th, 1911. Meeting called to order at 8,0'clock P.M. by his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, roll
called present W.J. Stewart, J.J. Coughlin, Ed Von Tobel, and McGovern.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read,

Reports of the City License Collector, and City Treasurer read an approved as read.

It was then upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Commissioners Coughlin, ordered

and duly carried that the City Attorney be instructed to proceed against Al James propertier

of the Arizonla, and T.J. Dolphmeier propertor of the Nevada Barbar Shop the collection 

of there City Licenses duethe City of Las Vegas, Coughlin, Aye, Stweart, Aye, McGovern, Aye,

Von Tobel, Aye, and his Honor the Mayor Aye,.

All calims allowed per claim Book.

At this time Commissioner McGovern presented a request before theBoard for supplies
for the City Fire Departement, It was then upon motion of Coughlin and seconded by Stewart
ordered that that Fire Commissioner be istructed to order the following supplies towit:-
 Four hundred feet of fire hose, Half dozen Gaskets, Two lanterns, Half dozen Rubber coats, Half Doz Bushings. Vote being cast as follows towit:- Stweart, Aye, Coughlin, aye, Von Tobel
Aye, McGovern, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Aye.

At this time Commissioners Stewart and Coughlin the Commettie appointed by the Board
at there last regular meeting to investigate and estemiate the probable cost of a sewerage
system for the City of Las Vegas, made the following report towit:- " To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Genteleman, We your Commettie appointed
by your Hon. Board at your last regular meeting held August 5th, 1911. to investigate and
make a report of on the estimated cost on the contiplated sewer system , beg leave to
report that we have invlstageted said matter and find that $40,000 will be our estimated cosst
of said sewer system. Resp. Submitted. J.J. Coughlin, and W.J. Stewart.

It was then upon motion duly made and carried Motion by Mc Govern and seconded by Von Tobel that the report of said commettie be accepted and approved the vote being cast as follows
Coughlin aye, Von Tobel, aye, Me Govern, aye, Stewart, aye, His Honor the Mayor Peter Buol.
aye.

The question of sewerage coming on before the Board, and the commettie appointed by the
Board at its last regular meeting having presented there report $$$$$$ on the estamated cost of said sewerage system, all of which is now on file in the office of the City Clerk, of the
City of Las Vegas, and the same being an estimated cost of $40,000 dollars which said report
was read and accepted and unuaminousaly approved, It was then upon motion of Mc Govern and
seconded by Von Tobel, and duly carried that the following ordance which was read twice and
unauaminousaly carried all Commissioners being present be entered in full upon the minutes.
the vote being cast as follows, towit:- Coughlin aye, Von Tobel. aye, Mc Govern, aye, Stewart
aye, His Honor the Mayor Pater Buol. aye.

" An ordance tp provided for the installation of a sewer system in Las Vegas, Nevada, and to
provide for issuing of bonds of aid City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the purpose of raising money
necessary for such enterprise. " The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
do ordain:" That Whereas: It is the opinion of the Board of Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada
that the sanitary conditions of said City present a great and urgent need for the esteblishment
of an adquate system of sewerage in said City, and Whereas: It is the opinion of the said Board of Commissioners that $40,000 will serve to construct and install a presently adquate
system of sewerage in said City:      1: Therefore: Be it ordained by said Board of  that due notice be given of an election to beheld in said City of Las Vegas, which