The vote on the above resolution was as follows, Commissioners Anderson and Hodgens, and
Mayor Pro Tem Brickie, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no farther business to come before the meeting it was the order of the Board
upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and duly carried that the
Board stand adjourned. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Brickie, Aye.
Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY. NEVADA.

February 1,1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on
the first day of February, A.D 1922, at the hour of eight o'clock p.m. Present His Honor the Mayor
Pro Tem Frank Brickie with Members Thomas R. Hodgens, H.N. Anderson, and Lou Martin, together with the
City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the Last regular meeting held on the 4th day of January, 1922, and of the
special meeting held on the 6th day of January, 1922 read and approved as read.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Anderson and duly
carried it was the order of the Board that the following resolution be spread upon the minutes
of this Board:

WHEREAS the claim of Stanley Parsky of date Jan. 3rd, 1922 heretofore filed on
Jan. 3rd, 1922,has been referred to Com. Thos. R. Hodgens for investigation, and Com.

Hodgens reports that there is no liability on the part of the City for said
alleged injuries, but in order to compromise said claim without acknowledging
any liability of the city thereon it is hereby ordered that the sum of $150.00
be allowed and paid to the said Stanley Parsky provided be executes and deli-
vers to the City full release of any and all liabilities past ,present or future
growing out of said alleged injuries.

the vote on said resolution being as follows : Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson, Martin and His
Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Frank Brickie Aye. Noes, none.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communication:

January 30,1922.

Honorable Mayor and Commissioners,

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Replying to your letter of recent date, asking the Chamber of
of Commerce to canvas the gas situation the Board of Directors of the
Chamber of Commerce have requested me to state that thy have taken the
matter under advisement and instructed the writer, who has had sons
engineering experience to gather such elementary data as any be readily
severed with the idea of calling a meeting of the Chamber of Commerce
at which this data will be presented, with the expectation that the
members will then be able to more intelligently vote upon the question
as to whether or not an expert should be engaged to make a complete
report.

Trusting that this action will meet with your approval, and
that if your honorable body has any data that will be of assistance to me that
the same will be promptly furnished, I beg to remain

Very truly yours,

LAS VEGAS NEVADA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
By Leslie R. Saunders

Executive Secretary.

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board ,upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Com-