Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada. April 5th, 1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada,
held on the 5th day of April A.D. 1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor. with Commissioner C.P.

Ball and Commissioner Elwell present, Commissioners Hicks and Matzdorf being absent.

At this time it appearing to those members of the Board present that it would be to the best
interest of the City that all members be present at this meeting it was upon motion of Commissioner
Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned
until Saturday April 8th at nine o'clock A.M. of said day to take any and all matters that may come
before said Board. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Elwell, aye,
Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, April 8th, 1916.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners Elwell,

Ball and Hicks being present , Commissioner Matzdorf. being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this
Board except the claim of Jack MaLaughlin for services as rendered in guarding the silver set belonging
to the Battle ship Nevada, it being found by the Board that said claims was not a legal charge
against the City, for the reason that the City had its own officers to place upon said work and further
that the City was not called upon at any time to appoint and officers for said purpose.

All reports of officers read and approved as read as is on file with the Clerk of said Board.

At this time the Members of the Cemetery Committee appeared before the Board in behalf of the water
question for the Cemetery of said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, whereupon the members of said Committee 

reported to the Board that the proposition as submitted by them at the last regular meeting of
Mr Russell to furnish water for the Cemetery at a figure of $30.00 for seson had fell through for
the reason that Mr Russell refused to carry out said agreement , thereupon said Committee reported
to the Board that they were of the opinion that the best proposition would be to sink a well on the
said Cemetery ground and put in a pumping plant for the purpose of raising said water , whereupon after
due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that the sum of ($500.00) dollars be
and the same is hereby set aside for the use of said Cemetery Committee for the purpose of sinking
a well and installing a pumping plant upon said cemetery ground in said City, and further that the
City Attorney be and is hereby instructed to render any and all assistance necessary for said
Cemetery Board to carry out proposition, of installing said well and pumping plant.

The question of reading the Sidewalk ordinance's for the second reading coming on before the
Board at this time Mr Hayes representing the Pacific Fruit Express Company in said City and who own
all of the lots and property in block eight of said City appeared before the Board and presented
to the Board a proposition whereby the said Pacific Fruit Express Company were desirous of doing
there own work as to the building of a concrete and cement sidewalk in block eight of said City
and it appearing to the satisfaction of the Board that said Company will do said work it was then
upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that

all of the lots in block eight be and the same is hereby exempt from said sidewalk ordinance and that