be designated by old numbers, Each odd number shall be placed as nearly as possible opposite the
following consecutive even number.

4, For the purpose of this resolution and Ordinance in connection therewith the fronts of all
lots in ClarK's Las Vegas Townsite and all additions to the town of City of Las Vegas, as the
same are laid out and recorded in the office of the county Recorder of Lincoln County or Clark
County, Nevada, shall be divided into an equal number of parts, approximating twenty- five feet,
as nearly as may be, and one number shall be assigned to each of said parts. For the purpose of
this resolution and Ordinance in connection therewith, a block shall be held to mean the space
between consecutive streets or avenues in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite or any of the additions to
the town or City of Las Vegas.

6,	When any street or avenue named herein intersects any other street or avenue from one side
only, the numbering on the opposite side of such intersected street or avenue shall be initiated

at the lot corner most nearly opposite that side of the street which lies farthest from the
initial point.

7,	It shall be the duty of the Commissioner of Streets and Public places to prepare or have
prepared the necessary maps and records of all lot numbers in the City, which maps shall be

Kept on file in the office of the City Clerk and shall be opened for examination to all persons
during the regular office hours of said City ClerK. The vote upon said Resolution was as
follows: Commissioners Curtiss, Griffith, Smith, Sullivan, and Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Nones, None.



At this time the Clerk read before the Board an Ordinance amending section Thirteen (13) of
Ordinance No. 33 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance Regulating the Distribution of
Intoxicating Liquors, and Regulating places where such liquors are sold or otherwise distributed
providing for permits and licenses, and repealing Ordinance No. 3, and all ordinances or parts
of Ordinances in conflict therewith," whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith seconded by
Commissioner Smith and duly carried it was ordered that said ordinance go over for the second
reading. the vote on said motion being as follows towit:- Commissioner Curtiss, aye, Griffith aye.
Smith , aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the ClerK read before the Board a petition from the resident tax payers on
First street between Fremont and Garces street requesting that the City place cement side walks
on said street, whereupon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan
and duly carried it was ordered that said petition be referred to the Commissioner of street with
instructions to obtain estimates on said worK and report the same to the Board at its next meeting
the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners, Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, smith, aye,

Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion duly made and carried the ClerK of the Board was instructed to write to the
Light Company and notify them that hereafter the City would not honor any claims for street
lights where said lights had failed to burn on any night as required by said contract and
agreement, but would only pay for those nights that said lights actual burned.