day of July A.D. 1916 at ten o'clock A.M. of said day for the purpose of making the first payment
on sidewalk district No. 5th of said City as per contract made and entered into by and between the
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada and J.A. Delameter, and this will be your authority to issue the call
for said special meeting to be held on the above mentioned date for the purposes as set forth in 
this notice.

Signed W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

The Clerk then proceeded to read the notice as sent out to each and every member of said Board
as follows towit;

Las Vegas, Nevada, July 12th, 1916.

To W.E. Hawkins Mayor City Las Vegas, Nevada.

W.H. Elwell, O.D. Hicks, C.P. Ball, and F.E. Matzdorf
Commissioners City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sirs; This is to notify you that the Mayor W.E. Hawkins of the City of Las Vegas Nevada
has issued a call for a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las egas Nevada, to be held on the 15th day of July A.D. 1916. at the hour of ten 0'clock A.M.
of said day for the purpose of making the first payment on the contract as entered into by and
between the City of Las egas Nevada, and J.A. Delemater for the construction of a cement and concrete
sidewalk known as district No.	5, of said City	of Las Vegas, Nevada.

In Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal of the City of Las Vegas Nevada this

12th day of July A.D. 1916.

'(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk .

Thereupon it appearing tp the Board that a quorum is present the Board then proceeded to take the
matters as called for in said call towit the payment on the contract for the construction of the
cement side walk in district Ho. 5. Thereupon it appearing to the Board from the report of the
Commissioner of Streets and public property and the inspector that there is 5600 feet of sidewalk
finished making a total at the rate of 14 cents per foot or a total of ($784.00) and that under
the contract said Delameter is entitled to the sum of fifty per cent of said amount it was therefore

upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Ewell and duly carried ordered that a

warrant be issued in favor of said J.A. Delameter in the sum of ($392 .00) is which the amount payable
at this time under the contract, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners
Hicks aye, Elwell aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

At this time the Commissioner of Street reported to the Board that the said J.A. Delameter
had put in 150 feet of intersections at 14 cent per square feet making a total of ($21.00) dollars
whereupon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried it
was ordered that a warrant be drawn in the sum of ($21.00) in favor of said J.A. Delameter the
vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Elwell aye, Hicks, Aye, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of this Board.