

of taxable property, stituate, lying and being within the city of Las Vegas, Nev., be levied, collected and

paid for the year 1921, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation

said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Light Fund.

The vote upon said resolution being as follows: Comm. Martin aye, Comm. Conklin aye, and his honor,
the Mayor voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Conklin and seconded by Commissioner Martin the following resolution was

adopted:

RESOLVED that the city clerk be hereby authorized and directed to notify the Board of Co. Comm., Clark
Co. Nev. of the tax rate established and levied by the Board for the year 1921 and direct said Board of Co.
Comm. to levy and cause to be collected and paid. The vote upon said resolution being as follows, towit:
Comm. Martin, aye, Comm. Conklin, aye and his Hon. the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Comm. Martin and seconded by Comm. Conklin the following resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED that for the year 1921 on and until the further order of this Board all moneys received from



licenses and fines be apportioned as follows, to-wit: l/2 of said licenses and fines shall be placed in the

fire and Police Fund of said city and the remaining half to be placed in the general fund of said city. The
vote upon said resolution being as follows: Comm. Martin, aye Comm. Conklin, and his Honor the Mayor, aye.
There being no farther business before the Board it was ordered that this board stand adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS ,NEVADA.

APRIL 6,1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 6th day of April, 1921. Present His Honor the Mayor, W.E. Ferron, members C.E. Pembroke and
Lou Martin together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of Officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All claims against the City allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the
Clerk or this Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Pembroke, seconded by Commissioner Martin, and unanimously
carried the Clerk was directed to Communicate with the Cemetery Board and to request them to make
no further purchases, unless authorized by this Board for the reason that the Cemetery Fund has
been overdrawn.

The Clerk then presented the following applications for Gaming Licenses: Pilar Santa
Cruz, Fred J. Pearce, Albert James. G. Lopez and Joe Abascal, Cleto Aquirre, Stocker Brothers,

James German and Harry Dale whereupon ,Said applications having been duly approved by the Police
and Fire Commissioner, upon motion duly made by Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Pem-
broke and unanimously carried it was ordered by the Board that said applications be approved and
the City Clerk is hereby instructed to issue Gaming Licenses to the above mentioned applicants
for the period of time from April 1st to June 30th, 1921.

At this time there appeared before the Board R.E. Lake, Sr., R.E Lake, Jr., and F.A.
Wait regarding the construction of a sidewalk on the north side of Fremont Street from Fifth
Street to Ladds Resort. This was taken under consideration by the Board.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following petition:

To The Board of City Commissioners
of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen: