the Mayor voting aye, noes none.

The Board then proceeded to take up the matter of the levy on taxes for the City of Las Vegas
for 1920. Upon motion of Commissioner Conklin and seconded by Commissioner Martin the following reso-
lution was adopted:

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of Eighteen cents on each one hundred dollars worth of tax-
able property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, be levied, collect
ed and paid for the year 1920, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt
from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Sewerage Interest Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an advalorem tax of Five cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1920, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Sewerage Sinking fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of Seven cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1920, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Cemetery Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an advalorem tax of Twenty cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1920, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the L as Vegas General Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of Ten cents on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1920, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Street Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of Fifteen cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1920, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Light Fund.

The vote on said resolution was as follows, Commissioner Martin, aye, Commissioner Pembroke, aye
Commissioner Conklin, aye, and his honor, the Mayor, W. E. Ferron voting aye.	

Upon motion of Commissioner Pembroke and seconded by commissioner Martin the following resolution 

was duly adopted:

RESOLVED that the City Clerk be hereby authorized and directed to notify the Board of County
Commissioners, Clark County, Nevada of the tax rate established and levied by the Board for the year
1920 and direct said Board of County Commissioners to levy and cause to be collected and paid. The
vote on said resolution being as follows, to-wit: Commissioner Martin, aye, Commissioner Pembroke, aye,
Commissioner Conklin, aye and his Honor the Mayor, F. E. Ferron, voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Pembroke and seconded by Commissioner Conklin the following reso-
lution was duly adopted:

RESOLVE that for the year 1920 on and until the farther order of this Board all moneys re-
ceived from licenses and fines be apportioned as follows, to-wit: One half of said licenses and fines
shall be placed in the Fire and Police Fund of said city and the remaining half to be placed in the
Salary fund of said city. The vote upon said resolution being as follows, Commissioner Martin, Aye
Commissioner Pembroke, Aye, Commissioner Conklin aye and his Honor the Mayor, F. E. Ferron voting aye.

There being no further business before the board it was ordered that this board stand adjourned.