Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

June 4th. A.D. 1913.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 4th, day of June A.D. 1913. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, and Commissioners
Griffith, Curtiss, and Sullivan.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as mead, Reports of officers read and
approved as read.

All claims against the City allowed as appears from claim book on with the Clerk of this Board.

The question of proposals , request , and petitions coming on before the Board was then taken
up by the Board and after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of comm-
issioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried ordered that hereafter any
and all proposals, request, or petitions or any matters representing and body of men or people
must must before presenting said proposals ,petitions, or request to said Board of City Commiss-
ioners must file the same in writing with the Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners not less
than two days before any regular meeting of said Board, the vote on said resolution being as
follows towit:- Commissioners, Griffith, Curtiss, Sullivan and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye. Noes None.



At this time the Clerk read for the first time an Ordinance Requiring all persons, who, within
the limits Of the City of Las Vegas, buy, sell, exchange, or otherwise deal in and with second
hand goods as a business to keep a register, whereupon motion duly made and carried, it was ordered
that said ordinance go for the second reading of the Board at its next regular meeting in July.

The Clerk also read for the first time and ordinance Prohibiting Obstruction of the Streets
alleys, sidewalKs and sidewalks spaces by Fences and other obstructions, and providing for the
removal of the same, whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this prop-
osed ordinance go over for second reading of the Board.

An ordinance amending the Sewer ordinance of the City was read for the first time and ordered
laid over until the next regular meeting of the Board.

The question of Prohibiting the Use of Fire works in the City of Las Vegas on the 4th, day of

July A.D. 1913 coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Griffith and seconded by Curtiss

and duly carried ordered that the Mayor of this City Issue an Proclamation Prohibiting the Use

of Firs worKs of any description in ClarK's Las Vegas Townsite being designated as follows towit

between the streets of Stewart, and Garcia, and Main Street and Fifth Street in said City. of



Las Vegas, Nevada. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of building a store for City Supplies and material doming on before the Board
Commissioners of Streets and Alley's E.W. Griffith was authorized to get estimates on said
building and report to the Board at its next meeting.