with Ed. Von Tobel and Will Beckley as sureties on the same, Whereupon after due consideration
upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Ball seconded by Hicks and duly carried ordered
that said bond in the sum of $500.00 be and the same is hereby approved, the vote on said motion
being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then read before the Board a latter from a committee representing those who had meet
in a Mothers meeting in said City requesting the Board to take up the question of a Sanitary
officers in said City, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was found
that this situation has been handled in the past by the State officers it was after due consideration
upon the part of the Board ordered that the City Attorney be instructed to take this matter

up with the State and report back to this Board its findings in the matter at its next meeting.

The question of signing the contact heretofore entered into and approving the Bond of J.A.
Delameter for sidewalk work on Main street coming on before the Board and it appearing to the Board
that they would be unable to reach an agreement in this matter at this time it was upon motion
being duly made and carried ordered that this matter be laid over until the next regular meeting of
the Board in June.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 3rd, A.D. 1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held on the 3rd, day of June A.D. 1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners Ball,
Elwell, and his, and the City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular adjourned meeting read and approved as read. and approved as read*

All claims against the City allowed as per claim book including the claim for the drilling of
the well on the cemetery ground belonging to said City.

A communication from the Board of Trustees of the Cemetery relative to a lot in the Cemetery sold
to W.B. Leonard Undertaker which was not paid for by the said undertaker; in which the undertaker
had received the purchase price from the party purchasing said lot one John C. Harwood, it was after
due consideration upon the part of the Board ordered that the Cemetery Board deliver a deed to the said
lot to the said John C. Harwood and directing the Board of Trustees of the Woodlawn Cemetery to
make proper of the transaction*

The question of a storm sewer to protect the cemetery from storm waters coming on before the
Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that this matter be referred to the
Commissioner of streets with power and authority to act in the said matter.

At the last regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners they the said Board of City

Commissioner having fixed this date as the date in which to review and equalize the special assessment

roll for si dewalk purpose on Main street in said City, and the City assessor C.E. McCarthy being

present with said Board and no written protests, having been filed with said Board it 

was after due consideration upon the part of the Board and upon motion of Commissioner 

Ball and seconded by Commissioner s Hicks and duly carried ordered that the special
assessment roll for sidewalk district No. 5 be and the same is hereby approved by this Board the
vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, Elwell, aye,
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.