to fulfil and carry out any and all of the stipulations mentioned in this permit, then the same
shall be null and void and of no effect, and shall work as a forfeiture of all rights and authority

granted or intended to be granted hereby. Acceptance of this permit by said grantee shall be
filed in writing with the City Clerk within thirty days from the date of the granting of this
permit; otherwise the same shall not go into effect.	This permit shall be signed by the Mayor

or Mayor protem. and attested by the City Clerk. Dated this 26th, day of March 1912.

(SEAL) Attest: Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.	Peter Buol. Mayor.

The vote being cast as fallows towit- Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye, and
his Honor the Mayor Protem Ed Von Tobel, aye, .

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting.

Las Vegas, Nevada April 3rd, 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
pursuant to adjournment, Present Hon. Peter Buol. Mayor, and Commissioners Coughlin, Stewart,
McGovern and Von Tobel, and City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims allowed per claim book, reports of officers and Municipal Judge read and approved
as read.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the following from Philip K. Buck.

Los Angeles, Cal. March 15th, 1912.

To Mayor and Board of City Commissioners, Las Vegas, Nevada.

I the undersigned, hereby accept the term and conditions of the Charter under ordinance
No. 26,	Philip K. Buck.

It was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried ordered that said
acceptance be accepted and placed on file the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin aye,
Stewart, aye, Mc Govern aye, and Von Tobel, aye, his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

A written request from T.J. Boyle being read before the Board for a refund of license money
paid the City, $$$$$he claiming that he same was paid to said City for the privilege of conducting

 a knife rack which was found to be contrary to law was upon motion of McGovern and seconded
by Stewart ordered that said request be granted and the Clerk in instructed to draw a warrant
in favor of J.T. Boyle in the sum of five dollars, the vote being cast as follows towit:-
Coughlin aye, Mc Govern, aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol.
aye.

An ordinance prohibiting the use of gasoline stoves in the City of Las Vegas was then read
before the Board and after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of
Commissioner Von Tobel and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried ordered that said ordinance be
laid on the table, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin aye, Stewart aye, McGovern
aye, Von Tobel, aye and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol aye.

An ordinance regulating the Fire Department providing for the protection against fires
and other matters relating thereto. was then read before the Board and upon motion of Stewart
and seconded by McGovern it was ordered that this ordinance be laid over for the second reading
the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern aye, von Tobel, aye