OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

January 6,1922.

At a special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, said meeting being called by Commissioners Frank Brickie, Thos. R. Hodgens, and H.N. Anderson.
Present Commissioners Frank Brickie, Thos. R. Hodgens, and H.N. Anderson, together with the City
Clerk and City Attorney. In the absence of the Mayor, the meeting was presided over by Mayor
Pro Tem Frank Brickie.

Thereupon the Clerk stated to the Board the object of said special called meeting, inform-
ing the Board that said meeting was called by Commissioners Frank Brickie, Thos. R. Hodgens, and
H.N. Anderson for the purpose of considering and acting upon the following resolution:

To demand that W.C. German refrain and desist from exercising ,or attempting
to exercise the duties and functions of the offices of Mayor and Mayor Pro Tem of
said City of Las Vegas, and to approve the bond of H.N. Anderson as Commissioner of the
Fourth Class.

Thereupon the Clerk presented to the Board the written notice of Commissioners Frank
Brickie Thos. R. Hodgens, and H.N. Anderson calling said special meeting, which was filed and
recorded as follows:

Notice of Special Meeting of City Commissioner, of the City
of Las Vegas ,County of Clark, State of Nevada.

To Said City Commissioners, and to all whom it may concern:

You, and each of you are hereby notified that a Special Meeting of the
Board of said City Commissioners is hereby called to be held in the Commissioners Chamber
at the Court House in said City of Las Vegas, on the 6th day of January, 1922, at the hour
of 4:30 o'clock P.M.

The purpose of said Meeting is to consider and take such action as may be deemed
advisable upon the following resolution :

To demand that W.C. German refrain and desist from exercising, or attempt-
ing to exercise ,the duties and functions of Mayor and Mayor Pro Tem of said City
of Las Vegas, and to approved the bond of H.N. Anderson as Commissioner of the Fourth
Class.

Signed	Frank Brickie

Thos. R. Hodgens
H.N. Anderson

Dated this 6th day of January, 1922.

Thereupon the Bond of H.N. Anderson as Commissioner of the Fourth Class of the City of
Las Vegas was presented to the Board, with W.E. Arnold and Henry M. Lillis as sureties thereon.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner
Brickie and duly carried that said bond of H.N, Anderson, having been approved by the Chairman
of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, be and the same is hereby approved by
this Board. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, and Anderson, and Mayor Pro Tem Brickie, Aye. Noes,
none.

Thereupon the following Resolution was presented to the Board upon motion of Com-
missioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and the same was duly carried:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, W.C. GERMAN is Unlawfully exercising the duties and functions
of the offices of Mayor and Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and

WHEREAS FRANK BRICKIE has been duly elected as Mayor Pro Tem to
exercise the duties and functions of the offices aforesaid;

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that demand be, and the same is hereby made
upon said W.C. German that he refrain and desist from hereafter exercising
,or attempting to exercise, the duties and functions of said offices ,or
either of them ,and interfering in any manner with the exercise thereof by
Frank Brickie, Mayor Pro Tem, aforesaid.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be served upon
said W.C. German personally.

Dated this 6th day of January, 1922.



Signed Frank Brickie
Thos.R.Hodgens
H.N. Anderson

City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada.