Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas,  Nevada. March 7th, 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the 7th day of March A.D. 1917. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor. with Commissioners Matzdorf.
Farnsworth, Ball and Elwell. with the Clerk and City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Read and approved ad read and on file with the Clerk of 
this Board except the claims of Bert French for ten dollars and Dan Mc Donald for Four Dollars and
the Claim of John Webber for Four dollars which were laid ever to be approved by the parties ordering
the same.

At this time the Clerk proceeded to read an Ordinance for second reading before the Board as
amends section 22 of Ordinance No, 66, Entitled " An Ordinance regulating Travel and Traffic upon the
Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas Nevada." Whereupon after reading said Ordinance in full to
the Beard it was then upon motion being duly made and carried upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and
seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that said Ordinance be passed as appears
mere fully in Ordinance Book Number one of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada Under Ordinance No. 67 of
said City, the vote upon said Ordinance being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth aye, 

Farnsworth, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye,
Noes None.

The Board than proceeded to take up the Tax rate for the Year 1917. and found the following
towit; That An Ad Valorm Tax of Eighteen Cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property
situated, lying lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and Paid
for the year 1917. including the next proceeds of the mines except such property as is exempt from
taxation, and said tax to be known as and used as the Sewer bond interest fund of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Board that there be levied, collected and paid for the year 1917
An Ad Valorum tax of Ten cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate lying
and being within the City limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, including the next proceeds of
the mines except such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Sink-
ing fund for sewer bonds of said City of Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada.



It was farther ordered by the Board that there be levied , collected and paid for the year 1917.

An Ad Valorum Tax of Twenty cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate



lying and being within the City Limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. including the next proceeds
of the mines except such property as is exempt from taxation, said Tax to be known as and used as
the street fund of said City of Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada.

Whereupon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth and duly carried
ordered that the foregoing tax rate be and the same is hereby established for the year 1917. the vote



upon said resolution being as follows towit: Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth, aye, Elwell
aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Question of providing funds for fire equipment coming on before the Beard and it appearing
to the Board that it will take a sum equally to Two Thousand dollars for said equipment and it further
appearing to said Beard that said equipment is badly needed in said City, it was then upon motion
of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that the sum



of two Thousand be and the same is hereby transferred from the General fund of the City of Las Vegas

	

Nevada, to the Fire Department fund and said City Treasurer is hereby directed to open up said Fund
and that the matter of purchasing said equipment be passed for the present.