Office of the City Clerk, Clark County, Nev.

September 30th, A.D. 1912.

Minutes of an adjourned Regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners; of the City of
Las Vegas, held at the office of the City Clerk at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. on the
30th, day of September, 1912. pursuant to adjournment of such regular meeting ordered on
Wednesday the 25th, day of September, 1912. present on Roil call: His Honor the Mayor
Peter Buol, Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin and Von Tobel, and City Clerk Harmon, Absent
Commissioner Mc Govern. The Board took up the matter of consideration of the Application
for permits for liquor Establishments Commissioner Von Tobel moved that the Application
of Anita Gonzales for permit be considered and acted upon the notion was seconded by Stewart
and upon being put to a vote the motion was carried that the permit be granted upon the
following vote: commissioners Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, von Tobel, No. and his honor
the Mayor voting aye.

Thereupon upon motion of Commissioner Stewart and seconded by Commissioner Coughlin
the following resolution was duly adopted: Resolved that Application for permit for liquor
Establishments, filed with this Board, be and the same are hereby allowed as follows:

  No.l, C.A. Haller Retail Liquor Establishment

No.2, Wm Burkhart "	"	"

  No.3, Ed W. Clark Fordwarding Co. Whole sale Liquor   

  No.4, John W. Horden Retail Liquor Establishment

that each of said permits be granted for the period from October 1, 1912 to January 1, 1913
for and covering the business set forth in the application and upon the $$$$$$$$ premises
as designated In the said applications respectively , and that the City Clerk issue to the
said applications formal permits in accordance with this resolution; and further that
the City Clerk issue licenses to said applicants in accordance with said permits and the
ordinances of the City of Las Vegas relative thereto. the vote upon said resolution being
as follows: Commissioners Von Tobel, Stewart, Coughlin and his honor the Mayor voting aye,
Noes , None. There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made
and seconded and carried the meeting adjourned.

No. 1, C.A. Halier Retail Liquor Establishment
No. 2, Wm Burkhart "	"	"

No. 3, Ed W. Clark Fordwarding Co. Whole sale Liquor 

No. 4, John W. Horden Retail Liquor Establishment
No. 5, Kramer& HoucK "	"	"

No. 6,

No. 7, Ed, Van	"	"	"

No. 8, Wharton Drug Company "	"	(Drug store)

No. 9, C.P. Fitzgerald	"	"

No. 10, Henry E. Squires	"	"

No. 11, Annetta Burt	"	"

No. 12,	A. James	"	"

No. 13,	Pecetto & Graglia	"	"

No, 14, Robert H. Schaffer "	"

No. 15,	Daniel Hickey	"	"

No. 16,	Lon Grosbeck	"	"

No. 17, W.L. Allin	*	"	"

No, 18, Cheney Drug Company "	"	(Drug Store)

No. 19, M. Pollard Retail Liquor Establishment
No. 20, Hotel Nevada Mining Company Retail Liquor Establishment
No. 21, Bardoni & Barsotti	"	"	"