F. A. Stevens. It appearing that there is a division of the votes it was ordered that this matter
be postponed for present.

The Board then proceeded to take up the question of a municipal judge, whereupon the motion
of Commissioner Arnold and seconded by Commissioner Conklin it was ordered that Henry M. Lillis be
and he is hereby elected to the office of municipal judge of the city of Las Vegas and that he be
required to file a bond in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars and take the required oath
Of office. The vote anon said resolution being as follows, to-wit: Commissioner Thomas, aye; Comm-
issioner Arnold, aye; Commissioner Conklin, aye; his Honor the mayor, W.E. Ferron, aye; noes none.

The next order of business was the designating of Commissioners to the various departments
by the mayor, whereupon the mayor, W.E. Ferron, appointed Howard Conklin as Fire and Police Comm-
issioner, Commissioner W. E. Arnold as Street and Property Commissioner, Commissioner Ralph Thomas
as Sewer and Light Commissioner. The mayor at this time announced that the Commissioner for finance
and revenue would be postponed until later date.

The question of electing a mayor pro tem coming on before the board and upon motion of
Commissioner Arnold and seconded by Commissioner Conklin it was ordered that Ralph Thomas be and he
is hereby elected to the position of mayor pro tem of said city. The vote upon said resolution being
as follows, to-wit: Commissioner Conklin, aye; Commissioner Thomas, aye; Commissioner Arnold, aye;

his Honor the mayor, W. E. Ferron, aye;

The question of the salary of the City Treasurer coming on before the Board and it was
upon motion being duly made and carried, ordered that the salary of the City Treasurer be Twenty-five
($25.00) Dollars per month. The vote upon said resolution being as follows to-wit: Commissioner
Conklin, aye; Commissioner Thomas, no; Commissioner Arnold, aye; his Honor the mayor, W.E. Ferron,
aye.

The question for setting a regular time for the meeting of this board and upon due con-
sideration on the part of the Board it was, upon motion being duly made and carried, ordered that
the day and hour set for the meeting of the said Board of City Commissioners be the first Wednesday
in each and every month at the hour of two o'clock P.M. of said day. The vote upon said resolution
being as follows, to-wit: Conklin, aye, Commissioner Thomas, aye; Commissioner Arnold aye; his
Honor W. E. Ferron, aye; noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas and seconded by Commissioner Arnold and duly carried
it was ordered that the Mayor, W. E. Ferron be and he is hereby empowered to approve the official
bond of the municipal judge as filed by Henry M. Lillis.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board by the May or, W.E. Ferron, that
he had been advised that G. H. French does not intend to return to the City of Las Vegas to assume
the duties of City Commissioner, whereupon motion of Commissioner Thomas and seconded by Commissioner
Conklin and duly carried, it was ordered that the Clark of this Board be and he is hereby instructed
to correspond with the said G.H. French in Los Angeles, California, and inform the said Commissioner
it is the wishes of this Board to ascertain if he intends to fill the office of City Commissioner of
the City of Las Vegas, that if he does not intend to return and assume said position that the said
Board would request that he file a written statement to that effect accompanied by his resignation
so that the said Board may appoint someone else to file the unexpired term. The vote upon said
resolution being as follows, to-wit: Commissioner Conklin, aye; Commissioner Thomas aye; Commissioner
Arnold, aye; his Honor the mayor, W. E. Ferron, aye; noes none.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and
carried, ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Wednesday, the 11th day of June 1919 at two

o'clock P.M. of said day. 