ment and the description of the district to be assessed and that the Clerk of this Board he and he is
hereby authorized and directed to cause such notice to be published for at least two weeks in the Las
Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas and to post a copy of said notice as
required by the charter of the City of Las Vegas and that said notice specify that this board will meet
and consider any suggestions and objections that may be presented by parties interested in the proposed
 improvement at the next meeting of this board which is to be held at the office of the City Clerk on
the 25th day of October A. D. 1920 at two o'clock p. m. of said day.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

LAs VEGAS, NEVADA, OCTOBER 25, 1920.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 25th day of October, 1920.
Present, Hon. Wm. F. Ferron, Mayor, with Commissioners Lou Martin, Howard Conklin, C. E. Pembroke and the
Clerk and the City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

This being the time sat by the board for hearing any and all protests, if any, as relates to the
proposed side walk improvement on the Vest side of Third St. of said City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada. The clerk then read before the board the proof of posting and publishing of notices of inten-
tion of said street work on the West side of Third St. in said city as appears more fully on file with
the Clerk of this Board to which attention is hereby directed.

	At this time the Mayor asked the Clerk of the Board if any objections to said proposed street

work had been filed and being informed that none had been filed the Clerk was then instructed to read said
proposed ordinance for said street work, whereupon the Clerk read the ordinance of the City of Las
Vegas providing for the improvement on the west side of Third St. constructing cement concrete side
walks on the west side of Third St. and providing that the payment therefore be by special assessment,
whereupon notion being duly made and carried, it was ordered that said ordinance go over until the next
meeting for second reading.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 8, 1920.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 3rd day of November, 1920 all
member of the Board with the Clerk and the City Attorney being present.

All claims against the city allowed as per claim booh on file with the clerk of the board.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read and placed on file.

The Clerk then presented to the Board Ordinance No. 79 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as re-
lates to the improvement of Third Street by constructing cement and concrete sidewalks on the west side
of said street and providing for the payment thereof by Special assessment; said ordinance having been
read for the first time on the 25th of October, 1920 and this being the second reading it was upon motion
 being duly made and carried ordered that said ordinance be passed and published for one issue in
the Las Vegas Age as appears more fully in Ordinance Book under Ordinance No. 79 of said city. The vote
upon said resolution being as follows: Commissioner Martin, aye, Commissioner Conklin aye, Commission-
er Pembroke aye and his honor the Mayor, W. E. Ferron, voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the question of giving notice for proposals for work on the sidewalk on the West side
of third streed coming on before the Board and it was ordered that the following Notice be given and
published in the Las Vegas Age towit: