Voting: Commissioner Martin and Brickie and his honor, the Mayor Pro tem Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time Commissioner Martin spoke regarding the water service in the City of Las Vegas.

W.R. Bracken appeared in behalf of the Las Vegas Land & Water Co. A Discussion of this matter followed.

At this time ordinance No. 83 was read for the second time, which ordinance is entitled:

"An Ordinance to amend ordinance No. 36 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled :"An ordinance providing
for the issuance of Plumbing and Sewer connection permits, for the Inspection of Plumbing and Sewer
Connections and for the regulation and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas", by
adding thereto a new section to be known as Section 1-A, and by amending Section eight and Subdivision
eight of Section eleven thereof." Upon motion duly made and carried it was carried over until the
next meeting.

At this time ordinance No. 85, entitled: "An ordinance to regulate the Construction, Reconstruc-
tion, moving, alteration, maintenance, use and occupancy of dwellings in the City of Las Vegas, and
to provide penalties for the violation thereof.," was read for the first time and passed. Voting:
Commissioner Martin and Brickie, and his honor the Mayor pro tem, Ireland, aye. Noes none.

There being no farther business before the Board at this time it was duly moved and seconded to
adjourn to the next regular meeting the 3rd day of August, 1921.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, AUGUST 3,1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 3rd day of August, A.D. 1921, at the hoar of three o'clock P.M.

Present: Mayor Pro Tern, Chas. Ireland with members Frank Brickie and Thos. R. Hodgens, together
with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

All bills were allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk, and reports of
Officers read and approved and ordered placed on file.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved except that upon motion of Commissioner
Brickie and seconded by Commissioner Hodgens and duly carried it was ordered that the motion of
Commissioner Martin regarding the water service of the Las Vegas Land & Water Co. be stricken out.
Voting Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens and his honor the Mayor Pro tem Chas. Ireland, aye. Nones none.

At this time upon motion of Commissioner Brickie seconded by Commissioner Hodgens and duly
carried, it was ordered that the following resolution be spread upon the minutes of this meeting,
and that a copy of said resolution be given to all of the newspapers for publication:

"IN MEMORIAM

On Saturday, July 23rd, 1921, Mayor Horace T. Jones died at Las Vegas
	Hospital.

His brief career in that office served only as an index as to his
abilities and character as a public man. Had he retained his health
and strength, judging from what he had already accomplished, it is hard
to place a limit upon what his achievements might have been had he lived
the allotted years of man. But in full bloom of early middle life, he	

was taken from us, and the home and places in the midst of which he lived	

and loved, and was in turn loved and honored, shall know him no more for-
ever.

We, also, his associates shall miss him from our circle, feeling always
that though his untimely passing the community and State has lost a gifted,
useful and promising public man.

When Mayor Horace T. Jones passed away, a useful life was ended, and the
warm expressions of grief and tributes of respect paid by his fellow citizens
affixed the final seal to a successful and honorable career.

His industry kept pace with his capacity, and his integrity was never

questioned. He went to rest leaving behind him a record which should be an