ed in the building commonly as Colorado Hotel situated on East side of 1st St. in said City.

It was upon motioned Commissioner Ball and seconded By Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried
ordered that said application be and the same is hereby granted as by ordinance provided. Vote on
said resolution being as follows to-wit:	Commissioner Matzdorf aye, Commissioner Ball aye,

Commissioner Elewell and his Honor acting O. D. Hicks aye. Noes None.

At this time H. M. Lillis chief of the fire deportment presented the following to the
Board,

PETITION.

TO THE HONORABLE THE MAYOR AND BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

GENTLEMEN:



The undersigned the Las Vegas Volunteer Fire Deportment, which is conducting the Las Vegas Labor
Day Carnival on the 6th. and 7th. days of September A. D. 1915 respectfully pray your Honorable Body
to grant said Deportment permission to hold the Hard Rock Drilling Contest at the Center Line inter-
sections of Fremont and First Street and for such purpose to erect thereon a Platform for said Con-
test. We will erect it late Sunday night Sept. 5th or early Monday Morning of Sept. 6th. and
remove it Monday Sept. 6th at noon.

We further pray your Honorable Body to grant us permission to hold running horse races on the 5th.
Street between Garcia and Fremont Streets On the 6th. day of Sept. commencing at 3 o'clock P. M.
and continuing for about two hours, and that we may cole Carson, Bridger, Lewis, Clark, Bonneville
and Gracia at their intersection with 4th Street to vehicle travel during those hours.

Further that we may have the privilege of holding two automobile races on the 7th day of Sept. 1915
One at 10:30 o'clock A. M. and one at 3:00 o'clock P. M. The race to be on and alon Main, Fremont
and 5th. Streets where improved and have permission to close intersecting Streets to travel during the
hours of racing.

And further the privilege of holding small sports such as shooting, Gallery, Duch in the Pond and
the like making all arrangements under supervision of your Honorable Body as you may direct.

Further that your Honorable Body direct the members of the Las Vegas Volunteer Fire Deportment may be
sworn as special officers for those two days to preserve order, without pay or cost to the City
of Las Vegas. And your petitioners will ever pray.

Whereupon it appearing to the satisfaction of the Board that said request is for the interest
and betterment of the Las Vegas Fire Department was upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf seconded
by Commissioner Elewell and duly carried ordered that said request be granted. The vote on
said resolution being as follows to-wit:	Commissioner Matzdorf aye, Commissioner Ball aye,

Commissioner Elewell and his Honor acting 0. D. Hicks, aye. Noes none.

The Boards attention being called to the effect that the lights in the old Court House Building
had been cut out, it was upon motioned of Commissioner Matzdorf seconded by Commissioner Ball and
duly carried ordered that said lights be installed in said building. The vote being as follows
to-wit:	Commissioner Matzdorf aye, Commissioner Ball, aye, Commissioner Elewell and his Honor

action 0. D. Hicks aye. Noes none.

At this time on motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elewell and duly
carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Friday Sept. 3rd at 7:00 o'clock P. M.

The vote being as follows to-wit:	Commissioner Matzdorf aye, Commissioner Ball aye, Commissioner

Elewell and his Honor action 0. D. Hicks aye. Noes none.