the Socialists party desired permission to hold public meetings upon the public streets in said City
during the coming political campaign, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board
it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that permission be and the same is hereby
granted to said political party providing that they at all times keep the streets and sidewalks
open to the public and not block the same.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

October 4th, A.D. 1916.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, Held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, With Commissioners C.P. Ball
W.H. Elwell, and F.E. Matzdorf, O.D. Hicks being absent. the Clerk and City Attorney Being present

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada passed and allowed by the Board as is set
forth more fully in claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

An Application from the Troy Steam Laundry for permission to erect a Reservoir for storage of

Crude Oil was received and on motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and

duly carried it was ordered by the Board that permission he and the same is hereby granted to the

said Troy Steam Laundry and the matter placed in the hands of the Fire and Police Commissioner

F.E. Matzdorf. The vote being as follows; Comm. Matzdorf, Elwell, Ball, and his honor the Mayor all
voting aye.

The Claim of S.P. Lamberd for $9.00 for gravel alleged to have been used upon the streets in
1914. was rejected upon the ground that said claim was not a legal charge against the City of
Las Vegas as the same had outlawed and had expired.

The report of City Judge ector read before the Board and approved as read and ordered placed
on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time C. L. Connelly appeared before the Board and asked for permission to use the alley
between Fremont and Carson Streets adjoining his property for setting up a well drilling machine
while drilling a water well in said City, whereupon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by
Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried it was ordered that permission be and the same is hereby
granted to the Cl.L. Connelly provided that he observe an ordinance regarding the use of alleys
and streets after Dark in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. The vote upon said resolution being as
follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball, aye and his honor the Mayor W.B.
Hawkins Voting aye.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board that certain road work was necessary
on the road leading from the Ice Plant in said City to the residence of I.C. Johnson whereupon
after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that said road work be done and 
that the same be under the supervision of Commissioner F.E. Matzdorf of said City.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the resignation of O.D. Hicks one of the City
Commissioners in and for said City, whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, and seconded by
Commissioner Elwell and duly carried it was ordered that said resignation be and the same is hereby
accepted the same to take effect at once, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit;
Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting ay

The Board then took Up the matter of final payment of J.A. Delameter on side walk work on
district No. 5, on Main street in said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, The Commissioners having made