Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.
August 1, 1919.

At a special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas, Nev-
ada, called by the mayor thereof to consider and act upon certain ordinances and matters pertaining
to the city in general. The following members were present: Ralph Thomas, Commissioner, Howard
Conklin, Commissioners, his Hon. the Mayor and the clerk and the City attorney.

The clerk then presented to the Board the call as issued by the mayor which was as follows,
to wit: "Las Vegas, Nevada. July 28, 1919.

To Harley A. Harmon,

City Clerk,

City.

I hereby issue a call for a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, to be held at the office of said Board in the County Court House
at the City of Las Vegas on Friday the 1st day of August, 1919 at two o'clock P. M. to con-
sider and act upon an ordinance to license and prohibit certain kinds of gaming; to consider
and act upon an Ordinance defining nuisances; to act upon the regular monthly bills of the
City, and to pass upon monthly reports of the City and the various officers and departments
thereof, and to transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting. You
will issue notice to the City Commissioners inaccordance herewith.

W. E. Ferron

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Filed: July 28	1919

Harley A. Harmon, Clerk. "

The clerk then presented to the Board the notice as sent out by him to the various commiss-
ioners for said special meeting, as follows to-wit:

"Las Vegas, Nev. July 28, 1919.

To-Ralph Thomas, W. E. Arnold, Geo. H. French, Howard Conklin,

City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and W. E. Ferron, Mayor thereof.

You are hereby notified, that pursuant to a call issued by Mayor W. E. Ferron,
a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will be held at
the office of said Board in the County Court House at the City of Las Vegas on Friday the
1st day of August, 1919 at two o'clock P. M. to consider and act upon an Ordinance to license
and prohibit certain kinds of gaming; to consider and act upon an Ordinance defining nuisances
to act upon the regular monthly bills of the City, and to pass upon monthly reports of the
City and the various officers and departments thereof, and to transact such other business
as may properly come before the meeting, Please be in attendance.

Harley A. Harmon
City Clerk.

Acceptance of service of the foregoing notice is hereby admitted:

Ralph Thomas
Howard Conklin
W. E. Ferron

I, Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas do hereby certify that on July 28,
1919 I served a notice, of which the foregoing is a full, true and correct copy thereof,
upon Commissioners Ralph W . Thomas, W. E. Arnold, Geo. H. French, Howard Conklin, and his
Honor the Mayor, W. E. Ferron.

Dated this 28th day of July, 1918.

Harley A. Harmon
City Clerk.

Filed: July 28	1919

Harley A. Harmon, Clerk."

Thereupon the Board proceeded to consider all matters of said special called meeting.

The minutes of the last regular read and approved as read.

The reports of the officers read and approved as read.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the sum of Two Hundred ($200)
Dollars be transferred from the Cemetery fund to the Police fund; further ordered that the sum of
One Hundred and Thirty ($130) Dollars be transferred from the Cemetery fund to the salary fund of
said city.

The clerk then read for the first time a proposed ordinance "An Ordinance for the prevention
and punishment of offences against the health, safety and convenience of the inhabitants of the
City of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance No. 7, entitled "An Ordinance for the Prevention of
Nuisances. "Thereupon the Board ordered that said ordinance be layed over until the next meeting of
the Board for the second reading.

The clerk then read for the first time a proposed ordinance as follows: "An Ordinance to