Office of the City Clerk in and for the City
of Las Vegas May 3rd, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held pursuant to adjournment of the
regular monthly meeting of said Board held on the 1st, day of May A.D. 1912. Present Commissioners
Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern, Von Tobel and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. At this time Henry Ulen
a representative of the American Light and Water Company a corporation made an oral proposal to
purchase the $40,000,00 sewerage Bonds heretofore authorized to be issued at par and accured interest
and also to act as the agent of the City for the purchase of material and employing and directing
labor in the construction of the sewer system for said City.

It was then after due consideration upon the part of the Board and upon motion of McGovern

and seconded by Coughlin, and duly carried ordered that the following resolution be adopted as

read before the Board in full. " Resolved: that the proposal of American Light and water Company

to act as agents for the City and to assist the City in the purchase of materials and employing and

directing labor in the construction of the sewer system for said City, the City to pay the actual

cost of all labor and material, and the American Light and Water Company to furnish a 7 1/2 foot by

26 inches trenching machine, the City to pay the cost of operating and maintaining same and the freight

thereon to said City of Las Vegas, American Light and Water Company to furnish at its own cost a

Superintendent of Construction and the City to pay said American Light and Water Company for said

services the sum of Sixty five hundred dollars and a sum equal to one half of such sum as said

sewer including said sixty five hundred dollars cost less than thirty eight thousand nine hundred

and forty dollars if the sewer is constructed as planned and thirty three thousand four hundred

ninety dollars if the sewer is constructed with an average depth of four feet, Said American Light

and Water Company guaranteeing that the total cost of construction including said sixty five hundred

dollars shall not cost to exceed said sums dependant upon which of said plans said sewer is constructed

under be and is hereby accepted, It being understood that said sum shall not include the cost

or fees paid or to be paid to Citys Engineer, and that the bid of American Light and Water Company
to purchase the $40.000,00 6 per cent sewer bonds of the City at par and interest be and is hereby
accepted and that the Mayor and Clerk of said City are hereby authorized and instructed to execute
a contract with said American Light and Water Company covering all of said matters in such form
terms and details as they and said Company may agree upon, same to be subject to approval of the
City Attorney.

	At this time Fire Commissioner Von Tobel reported to the Board the resignation of Fire Chief

L.D. Smith, it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by McGovern and duly carried ordered that
the same be accepted. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye,

Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye,.

The question of providing ways and means for the watering of the trees of non-resident property

 owners in the City of Las Vegas coming on before the Board it was upon motion of McGovern
and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried ordered that the following resolution be adopted:

" Resolved that the ladles of the Mesquite Club of the City of Las Vegas, are hereby allowed
a sum not to exceed twenty($2o.OO) Dollars per month to be used as they see fit for the watering
and care of trees in said City, and it so further ordered that this order is not to extend beyond
the first day of November, 1912. Bills to be rendered monthly , by said Mesquite Club to this Board
for its action and approval. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye,
McGovern , aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, voting aye.

The question of adjournment coming on before the Board it was then upon motion of McGovern and
seconded by Coughlin and duly carried ordered that the following be adopted towit:- that when this
meeting adjourn it adjourn to meet in adjourned regular session at the call of the Mayor. the vote
being cast as follows towit- Coughlin, aye, Stewart aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his

honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye. there being no further business the meeting adjourned per
the above order