Von Tobel and seconded by Mc Govern it was ordered that said contract executed on behalf of the

City by the Mayor and the Clerk and delivered to the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company

a corporation:	the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:-



Stewart, No, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol

Voting aye.

An ordinance amending ordinance No. one coming on before the Board for first reading and
the same being read by the Clerk of the Board it was ordered that the said ordinance be laid over
until the next regular meeting for the second reading. the vote being cast as follows towit.
Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor peter Buol
voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until November 13th, A.D. 1912. at eight o'clock P.M.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

November 13th. A.D. 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners sitting in and for the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada present Hon. Peter Buol Mayor. Commissioners Stewart, Mc Govern, Von Tobel.

All claims against the sewer system being presented before the Board the same were allowed as
appears more fully from the files of the Clerk of this Board.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried


ordered that the Board adjourn until the 27th, day of November A.D. 1912. at eight o'clock P.M.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

November 27th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to adjournment Present Hon Commissioner Stewart, Von Tobel,
and Chas. M. McGovern, there being a quorum present the Board proceeded to the business of
the evening with Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel in the chair.

All freight Bills and claims against the sewer system of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
allowed as appears from the files on record with the Clerk of this Board.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
that this Board adjourn until the next regular meeting of the Board.