OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

JUNE 1, 1921.

This being the time set by law for the newly elected Board of City Commissioners of the

City of Las Vegas, Nevada to take office, and the following members having heretofore been elected on

the 3rd day of May, 1921, there were present, and ready to assume the duties of office His Honor the

Mayor, Horace T. Jones; Commissioner of the First Class, Frank Brickie; Commissioner of the Second

Class, Lou Martin; Commissioner of the Third Class, Thomas R. Hodgens; Commissioner of the Fourth

Class, Charles Ireland. The above named members had filed their bonds and taken their oaths of office

and qualified as follows, to-wit; Horace T. Jones in the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00)

with Sana L. Bloedel and Earl W. Nungesser as sureties; Frank Brickie in the sum of One Thousand

Dollars, ($1,000.00) with Wm. P. Sprunt and H.N. Anderson; Lou Martin in the sum of One Thousand Dollars

($1,000.00) ,with F.N. Haight and R.E. Rockwell as sureties; Thomas R. Hodgens in the sum of One

Thousand Dollars, ($1,000.00) with John M. Fahey and Ed. Von Tobel as sureties; Charles Ireland in the

sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) with W.E. Arnold and A.S. Henderson as sureties.

	

The Board then proceeded to organize, whereupon the mayor, Horace T. Jones announced that
the first thing in order would be the election of a city clerk. Thereupon .upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Brickie, it was ordered that Florence S. Doherty be and she is hereby
elected to the office of City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada, and that she be required to file a bond in
the sum of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00) and take the oath of office as by law pro-
vided. The vote being as follows, to-wit: Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commission-
er Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye. and His Honor the Mayor, Aye; Noes, None.

Thereupon, Florence S. Doherty, the newly elected City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
presented her official bond in the sum of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars, ($2,500.00) with Roy.
W. Martin and John S. Park as sureties and took the prescribed oath of office, whereupon motion
being duly made and carried it was ordered that the bond of Florence S. Doherty in the sum of
Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00) for city clerk of said city be and the same is hereby
approved.

Thereupon the newly elected city clerk Florence S. Doherty, assumed the duties of clerk
of said Board as by law provided.

The next order of business was the appointment of a City Attorney, whereupon it was
moved by Commissioner Martin, Seconded by Commissioner Ireland that F.A. Stevens be appointed City
Attorney, whereupon the vote was as follows to-wit: Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens
Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

Thereupon the newly elected City Attorney, F.A. Stevens presented his official bond
in the sum of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00) with W.E. Hawkins and A.S. Henderson as
sureties thereon, and took the prescribed oath of office. Thereupon motion being duly made and
carried it was ordered that the bond of F.A. Stevens in the sum of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars
($2 500.00) for City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby approved.

At this time it was moved by Commissioner Brickie and seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens that the salary of the City Clerk be fixed at the sum of $25.00 per month. Voting, Commissioner
Brickie Ave; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His
Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

At this time it was moved by Commissioner Brickie and seconded by Commissioner Hodgens
that the salary of the City Attorney be fixed at the sum of $50.00 per month. Voting, Commissioner
Brickie Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye. and His Honor 
the Mayor H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes, None.

Upon motion duly made by Commissioner Ireland, Seconded by Commissioner Hodgens it was
ordered that the salary of the Cemetery Sexton be fixed at the sum of $100.00 per month. Voting

Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland,