resolution was adopted. Be it Resolved, that the special assessment roll for District No, 1, for
sidewalks on East side of First Street, filed in the office of the City Clerk February 28, 1914 and
as corrected by the City Clerk under resolution of April 3, 1914 passed by this Board, be and the same
is hereby approved and confirmed by this Board as corrected and the same is hereby declared to be
final and conclusive as the special assessment for sidewalk purposes in said District No, 1, and
as special Assessment Roll No, 1, and shall from the date of its approval the assessment therein
set forth shall constitute a lien upon the respective lots and parcels of land therein. assessed.

Be it further resolved, that the special assessments contained in said Roll No, 1, for said
District No, 1, be and the same are hereby declared to be due and payable immediately; and the
Clerk of this Board is directed to endorse said roll as provided in Sec. 68 of the City Charter and to
immediately transmit the same to the City Treasurer.

Be it further resolved that the City Treasurer be and he is hereby directed to make immediate
demand for the payment of said special assessment and to collect the same and place the funds so
collected in a special fund for Special Assessment District No, 1, the vote on said resolution
being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the
Mayor voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the Assessment Roll for District No, 2, for sidewalks on
East dice of second street as corrected under resolution of April 3rd, 1914. whereupon motion of
Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried it was Resolved , that
the special assessment roll for District NO, 2, for sidewalks on the East side of second street filed
in the office of the City Clerk February 28, 1914. and as corrected by the City Clark under resolution
of April 3rd, 1914 passed by this Board, be and the same is here by approved and confirmed by this
Board as corrected and the same is hereby declared to be final and conclusive as the special assess-
ment for sidewalk purposes in said District No, 2, and as special Assessment Roll No, 2, and shall
from the date of its approval the assessments therein set forth shall constitute a lien upon the
respective lots and parcels of land therein assessed. Be it Further Resolved, that the special
assessments contained in said Roll No, 2, for said District No, 2, be and the same are hereby
declared; to be due and payable immediately; and the Clerk of this Board is directed to endorse said roll
as provided in Sec. 68 of the City Charter and to immediately transmit the same to the City Treasurer.

Be it Further Resolved that the City Treasurer be and he is hereby directed to make immediate
demand for the payment of said special assessment and to collect the same and place the fund so
collected in a special fund for Special Assessment District, NO, 2, the vote on said regulation
be as follows Commissioners Sullivan aye, Curtis, aye, Griffith aye, and his honor the Mayor voting
aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the Assessment Roll for District No, 3, for sidewalks on
South Side of Fremont street as corrected under resolution of April 3rd, 1914. upon motion of
Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried it was ordered that
that the special assessment roll for District No, 3, for sidewalKs on South Side of Fremont street
filed in the office of the City Clerk February 28th, 1914, and as corrected by the City Clerk under
resolution of April 3, 1914. passed by this Board, be and the same is hereby approved and confirmed
by this Board as corrected and the same is hereby declared to be final and conclusive as the
special assessment for sidewalk purposes in said District No, 3, and as Special Assessment Roll, No,

3, and shall from the date of its approval the assessment therein set forth shall constitute a lien
upon the respective lots and parcels of land therein assessed. Be it Further Resolved that
the special assessment contained in said Roll No, 3, for said District No, 3, be and the same are
hereby declared to be due and payable immediately; and the ClerK of this Board is directed to endorse
said roll as provided in Sec. 68 of the City Charter and to immediately transmit the same to the
City Treasurer. Be It further Resolved that the City Treasurer be and he is hereby directed to maKe
immediate demand for the payment of said special assessment and to collect the same and place the