that for the year 1918 and for the year 1919 and until the further order of this Board all moneys
received from licenses, fines and sources other than from taxation be apportioned as follows;

25% thereof to the Salary Fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
25 % thereof to the Light fund of the City of Las Vegas. Nevada
50 % thereof to Fire and Police fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

The vote on said resolution was as follows; Commissioners Ball aye, Elwell, aye, Ullom, aye, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and carr-
ied ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of said Board.



Office of the City Clerk Clark County Nevada.



Las Vegas, Nevada, March 6th, 1918.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
on the 6th day of March A.D. 1918, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners C.P. Ball, W.H.
Elwell, Ullom and John F. Miller with the Clerk and City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and adjourned meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of the Board.

At this time the Mayor Appointed Bohn F. Miller the newly appointed City Commissioners to the
position of Commissioner of Police and Fire Departments of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

James Cashman appeared before the Board with a communication from the Pathe Weekly moving Picture
Concern relative to the taking of Moving pictures of the various enterprises in and around the City
of Las Vegas Nevada, where upon the said Board advised the said James Cashman to the effect that at
any time said Company was able to present a tangible proposition the same would be entered by this
Board and given due consideration, also informing the said James Cashman that the Board would be in
session again on the 11th of this month when the matter could then be brought to the attention of the
Board.

The Clerk then presented to the Board a communication from Mrs W.P. Mundy making complaint against
the piling and dumping of rubbish on a vacant lot across from her place of residence on First Street
where upon it was ordered that this matter be referred to Commissioner of Streets.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the application of A.D. Shaw for a building permit which was
ordered referred to the Police and Fire Commissioner.

	The Clerk then was instructed to have for the Commissioners the Budget for the year

1918, at a regular adjourned meeting to be held on the 11th day of March at Ten O'clock A.M. of said
day.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the 11th day of March 1918, to meet at the hour
of ten O'clock A.M. of said day.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.