The said permission and authority to continue and endure so long as said applicant, and its
successors, shall Keep said line in proper condition and repair. That annexed to this application,

 and made a part hereof, is a plat correctly showing and delineating in red lines, as far
as practicable, the streets, alleys and places where poles shall be placed and installed.

Wherefore, your applicant prays that upon the hearing of this application it may be granted

such permission and authority, subject to such reasonable conditions as may he prescribed by

your Hon, Beard. Dated this 26th, day of March 1912. Las Vegas Land and Water Company.

By Walter R. Bracken, its agent.

Upon motion of Commissioner McGovern, seconded by Commissioner Stewart, the following
resolution was duly adopted:	Resolved that the following permission and authority be and the

same hereby is granted to the Las Vegas Land and Water Company, a corporation organized and
existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada, viz:	Permit:

To construct, install, repair, and maintain, for its private use and benefit, a line of
poles, wires and appurtenances for the purpose of conducting and transmitting electricity for
light and power and for telephone and telegraph purposes, in, through, ever, across and along
the following streets and alley of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada,

viz: Commencing at the property line of the San Perdo, Los Angeles, and Salt Lake Railroad Company

at the western extremity of Bridger Street, and extending southeasterly along Bridger Street
to the center of Block 21, thence, southwesterly along, over and through the alley of Blocks
Nos. 21, 22, 23, and 24. to Garces Street, which said streets and alley are fully delineated on the
map of Clarks Las Vegas Townsite, being a subdivision of parts of Sections 27 and 34, T. 20 S.,

R, 6l, E.M.D.B.&.M..; provided that said poles shall not be less than thirty feet in height, and
the wires strung thereon shall not be less than twenty- five feet above the ground, and provided
further that said Las Vegas Land and Water Co., shall with due diligence, provide itself, at its
expence, a competent electrician to cut, repair and replace wires in all cases where such cutting
or repairing or replacing is made necessary by the removal of buildings or other property through
said streets or alley. It is further provided that said Las Vegas Land and Water Company
shall keep such poles, wires and appurtenances in good repair, so as not to interfere with the
passage of persons or vehicles, or the safety of persons or property, and that the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall have authority to change the location of said poles
and appurtenances when the interest or conveniences of the public shall so require. It is
further provided that if any property, real or personal, abutting or adjacent to the
line of the right of way granted under this permit shall be injured or damaged by the running
or operating of the said lines under this permit the grantee herein shall be liable for all	

such injuries and damages due to the negligence of the said grantee, and shall held the City
of Las Vegas harmless from any and all such injuries and damages. It is further provided
that from and after thirteen months from the date of the granting of this permit an aires kept,
maintained or placed upon said poles and which shall be kept or used for the purposes ef transmit-
ting electricity for purposes other than for telephone and telegraph purposes shall at all times
be fully and properly insulated.	It	is further provided that the City of Las Vegas shall

at all times have power and right to make and enforce reasonable regulations and rules with regard
to the repair, maintenance and operation of said line of poles, wires and appurtenances, and to
change the rules and regulations from time to time as in the judgement of the Board of Commissioners
of said City may seem just a proper. It is further provided that the City of Las Vegas shall have
right during the life of this permit to install and maintain upon said line of poles a wire or wires
and appurtenances necessary and convenient for use in connection with fire or police alarm system
or systems which may be established by said City. It is further provided that this permit
shall continue and endure for a period of twenty-five years from the date of the granting of the

same unless the same be forfeited and annulled as hereinafter provided. It is further provided
that in case of failure or noncompliance upon the part of the said Las Vegas Land and water Company