hereby appointed to the office of Municipal Judge in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a
salary of $35.00 per month upon his filing a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1,000.00 and
taking his oath of office, the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Elwell, Matzdorf,

Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time Police and Fire Commissioner F.E. Matzdorf notified the Board that he had appointed
Lee P. Barker as Night Marshall in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada recommending that hie salary
be fixed at the sum of $125.00 per month , upon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that 
said appointment be approved and that he file his bond in the sum of $1,00.00 and take the oath of
Office, and that the salary of said office be fixed at $125.00 per month.

Commissioner Elwell thereupon recommended the appointment of James Nimock as sewer Inspector
in and for said City whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell
and duly carried it was ordered that James Nimock be and is hereby appointed Sewer Inspector of the
City of Las Vegas, at the salary fixed by Ordinance No. 41, adopted at the meeting viz:- to be paid
monthly and amount equal to the fees collected under said ordinance during each of said months, and
that said amount shall be in full compensation for all service* rendered, the vote was cast as
follows towit:- Commissioners Elwell, aye, Matzdorf. aye, Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the City Clerk presented to the Board the application of John W. Horden and
Fred A Pearce for transfer of retail liquor license by John W. Horden of his retail liquor saloon
situated in the Building known as the Las Vegas Hotel on Fremont street in said City to Fred Pearce
of said City whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing to the
Board that the said Fred Pearce is a fit and proper person to have issued to him a retail liquor
license it was upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly
carried ordered that said application for transfer be and the same is hereby granted to the Fred
Pearce as by ordinance provided.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the application of Fred Pearce and Henry Squires for
transfer of retail liquor license by Fred Pearce of his retail liquor saloon license situated
in the building known as the Squires Hotel on First street in said City of Las Vegas Nevada, where-
upon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing to the Board that the
said Henry Squires is a fit and proper person to have issued to him a retail liquor license it
was upon motion of Commissioners Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried
ordered that said application for transfer be and the same is hereby granted to the said Henry
Squires an by ordinance provided.

At this time Martin and Pollard filed with the Board a request for permit to construct and
maintain a telephone and electric light line for private use from the power house of the Consolidated 

Power and telephone Company on Main street in said City to the City limits on said street
where upon after due consideration it was ordered by the Board that this matter be referred to
the City Attorney of said City and that he make report of the same to this Board at its next regular
meeting in July. 1915.

The Mayor then called the attention of the Board to the fact that there was three vacancies
now existing on the Cemetery Committee of said City, and that it would be necessary at this time
to fill said vacancies, whereupon it was upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by
Commissioner and duly carried it was ordered that Mrs C.L. Connelly and Mrs Helen J. Stewart be
and they are hereby appointed to fill the said vacancy for the term of three years, and it was
further ordered upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly
carried ordered that Mrs John Lause be and she is hereby appointed to fill the vacancy of Mrs
Arthur Long for the term of one year, the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Elwell
aye, Matzdorf, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, voting aye.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the bonds of the newly appointed office of

said City H.M. Lillis, the newly appointed City Attorney with John S. Weisner and Ed. Von Tobel