said City.

	At this time R.E. Lake who had been retained by the City for the purpose of inspecting

and making certain repair work on said sewer system made a verable report to said Board whereupon
motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that said report be accepted and
the said R.E. Lake be and is hereby instructed to make a written report and place the same on file
with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner E.E. Smith of said City asked for a leave of
absence for ninety days whereupon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner
Curtiss it was ordered by the Board that the said E.E. Smith be and is hereby granted a leave of
absence for the period of ninety days, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit
Commissioner Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye, E.E. Smith being excused from voting.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered by the Board that this meeting stand adjourned until the next regular meting of
the Board.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

August 5th. A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, held
on the 5th, day of August A.D. 1914. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, and Commissioners Griffith
Curtiss, Sullivan, and smith.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas allowed as appears more fully from records In Clerks
office.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board of City Commissioners an application of L.R.
Skinner and George Douglas whereby the said L.R. Skinner agrees to transfer all of his right and
title and interest in a certain saloon license in said City situated in the Colorado Hotel to the
said George Douglass as per ordinance NO. 33 of the said City of Las Vegas and it appearing to
said Board of City Commissioners that the said George Douglas is a fit and proper person to have
granted to him the said permit it is upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Comm-
issioner Griffith and ordered that said transfer be granted as prayed for in said application,
the vote upon said motion being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye,
Sullivan aye, and Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk further presented to the Board the application of Fred J. Pearce and Henry Squires
whereby the said Henry Squires agrees to transfer all of his right and title and interest in a
certain saloon license in said City situated in the Squires Hotel to the said Fred J. Pearce as
per ordinance No, 33 of said City and it appearing to the said Board of City Commissioners that
the said Fred J. Pearce is a fit and proper person to have granted to him said permit it is upon
motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried ordered that
said transfer be and the same is hereby granted. the vote upon said motion being as follows towit:- 
Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan, aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then read before the Board an ordinance providing for the collection of a Dog
license or tax upon each and every male and female dog in said City of Las Vegas, whereupon