Rule IX. In case of the purchase of a lot and the removal thereto of a body from a single grave, the a
amount paid for the ground of the single grave will be allowed on the purchase price of the lot,
provided that the purchaser shall deed the single grave lot to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in lieu
thereof.

Rule X. All permits for burials or removal of bodies must be issued by the Board of Health as provided 

by law and in each case there must be at least four hours of daylight for opening a grave

prior to the time of the funeral. No grave shall be dug until the permit is granted and filed with the
Secretary of the Board of Cemetery Commissioners.

Rule XI. No disinterment or removal of bodies will be allowed without permission of the next of kin

of the deceased, and no removal of disinterment of bodies who died from contagious diseases will be
permitted unless so done according to the rules of the State and local Boards of Health.

Rule XII. In wet weather heavily loaded wagons will not be admitted to the Cemetery.

Rule XIII. The Board of Cemetery Commissioners shall keep a complete record of all lots sold, show-
ing the number , location, purchaser, and price paid.

Rule XVI. Erecting or maintaining any Fence or fences of whatsoever nature in said Cemetery is hereby
prohibited, for the reason that Fences in said Cemetery would materially interfere with Irrigation
and Landscape work to be done to beautify said Cemetery.

Whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried it
was ordered that the above resolution be and the same is hereby adopted, the vote being as follows
towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the residence of the Wardide Addition presented the
the Board a petition for street lights one to be placed on the corner of sixth and Bridger street
and one to be placed in the middle of the block on sixth street between Bridger and Lewis street
whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner
Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried ordered that the above petition be
granted and the Commissioner of Lights be and is hereby instructed to install said lights as prayed
for in said petition, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Matzdorf
aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned until
1:30 P.M. of this date.

Board convened again at 1:30 P.M. present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor , with commissioners Ball
Hicks, Elwell and Matzdorf with the Clerk and City Attorney present.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the report of the Special Auditor W.H. Whitmore
for approval for the Board and the same being read in full to the Board it was upon motion being
duly made and carried ordered that said report be accepted and placed on file with the Clerk
of this Board.

This being the time set by the Board for the taking up of the sidewalk question on Main street
in said City, Whereupon at this time Commissioner of Streets C.P. Ball files the following estimate
with the Board of City Commissioners which was read in fully by the Clerk to the Board as follows:- 
"To the Hon. the Mayor and Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada. Gentlemen
In the matter of the petition from owners of property abutting on the east side of Main street from
Garces to Stewart street, praying for the construction of a sidewalk thereon, which was referred
to me at the last regular meeting of the Board, with instructions to prepare a plat showing in full
the proposed Improvement, the abutting lets, their valuation as shown by the last Tax list or assess-
ment roll for State and County Taxation, and if a Majority of the owners had signed the petition
praying for said improvement, I have investigated and respectfully report on the matter as follows
towit:— First the City Clerk informs me that he had examined the petition from the property owners

and that a Majority of the property owners in said proposed Improvement District have signed the
petition.