	Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

July 31st, 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held pursuant to adjournment: Present
Hon. peter Buol Mayor, and Commissioners Von Tobel, and Stewart, there being a quorum present
the Mayor called the meeting to order.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the following Claims against the City for freight on
sewer pipe and other material connected with the sewer.

The Claim of the Salt Lake R.R. Co. for freight on three cars of pipe to the amount of $218.52
was upon motion duly made and carried ordered paid, and the Clerk and Mayor were instructed
to draw City warrants for that amount.

The Claim of the American Light and Water Company for labor in the amount of $265.55 was
ordered paid and the Clerk and Mayor instructed to draw and warrant for that amount.

The Claim of the American Light and Water Company of $109.20 for 45 1/2 yards of gravel and
$156.45 for hardware was ordered paid and the Clerk and Mayor were instructed to draw the City's
warrant for that amount.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion duly mads and
carried ordered that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

	August 7th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
Present Hon. W.J. Stewart, Coughlin and his Honor Ed. Von Tobel Mayor Protem present there being
a quorum present the Mayor Protem called the meeting to order.

Minutes of the last regular adjourned meeting read and approved as read. All Claims against
the City read and approved as read, as appears from claim book.

Reports of officers read and approved.

The question of procuring oil of the railroad Company now going to waste for the use or
the streets in said City Coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Coughlin and seconded
by Stewart and carried ordered that the Clerk of this Board be instructed to write to the
officials of said railroad asking for the premission and use of said oil for the streets in
said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin aye, Stewart
aye, and his honor the Mayor protem aye.

The question of the water right of water from the sceptic of said sewer system coming
on before the Board whereby the Las Vegas Land and Water Company is desires of procuring said
water for the use of there land coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Coughlin and
seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that the Mayor and the City Clerk are hereby
authorized and instructed to draw a contract regarding the use of said water with the approval
of the City Attorney, *the votebeing cast as follows towit:- Coughlin aye, Stewart aye, and his
Honor the Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel, aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until Friday August the 16th, at eight o'clock P.M. the vote
being cast a follows towit:- Stewart aye. Coughlin, aye, and his Honor the Mayor protem Ed. V
Tobel, aye.