 ORDINANCE NO.14

AN ORDINANCE TO LICENSE SHOWS, CIRCUSES, MENAGERIES AND OTHER EXHIBITIONS IN THE

CITY OF LAS VEGAS.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

1.	Any proprietor, lessee or manager of any show, menagerie, hippodrome or circus intending

 to exhibit any performance or exhibition in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall pay to the
City Treasurer of said City the sum of twenty-five dollars as a license fee for the privilege
of showing and exhibiting such show, menagerie, hippodrome or circus for one day.

2.	Any person, firm or corporation who shall hold or exhibit any show, menagerie, circus
or hippodrome in the City of Las Vegas without first having paid the license mentioned and provided

 for in Section 1 hereof, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and be subject to a fine of not
more than three hundred dollars and not less than one hundred dollars and be imprisoned in the
City Jail of said City for any period not exceeding one hundred days.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval.

On motion of Stewart, seconded by McGovern, it was unanimously voted that this ordinance
shall be passed as an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows: Coughlin, aye;

Von Tobel, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, his honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye.

Dated the 6th. day of September, 1911.

ORDINANCE NO. l6

AN ORDINANCE TO PRESERVE THE PEACE AND GOOD ORDER OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

1. Any person or persons who shall engage in any fight or who shall challenge another
person to fight or who shall use profane, indecent, obscene or opprobrious epithets or language

 in addressing any other person or person in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, or any person

 who shall be guilty of any disorderly conduct in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished by fine in any sum not exceeding one

ORDINANCE NO. 15

AN ORDINANCE TO PREVENT THE CARRYING OF CONCEALED WEAPONS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Any person who shall within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, carry concealed upon his or
her person, any revolver, pistol, dagger, dirk or brass or metal knuckles or other weapon
capable of inflicting bodily injury upon the person of any person, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,

 and upon conviction thereof, shall be fined in any sum not exceeding Two Hundred
Dollars, or be imprisoned in the City Jail for any period of time not exceeding one hundred
days.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval.

Upon motion of Stewart, seconded by Coughlin, unanimously voted by the entire Board that
this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows: Coughlin, aye,

Von Tobel, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, his honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye.