Will Jones, E.S. Sheppard, O.D. Hicks, Walter Seare, Bert French, Leon Rockwell, JIM, Ingles,

F.N. Haight Chas. Ireland, W.E. Ferron, W.T. MC Neil, O.C. Cazel, C.M. MC Govern, W.N. Schuyler,
Ira Earl, W.H. Copper, J.H. Cragin, Dwight Doolettle. Thereupon the Mayor Indicated that no
appointments would be made or final action taken with respect to such matters until a Commissioner
of the Police and Fire department should be regularly appointed and qualify.

It was ordered by the Board that the City Clerk be and is hereby instructed to purchase Sixty
police badges for the City of Las Vegas,

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
Ordered that this Board adjourn

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, January 2nd, 1918.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las egas,
Nevada held on the 2nd day of January A.D. 1918. Present all members of the , Board with the Clerk
and City Attorney.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with this
Board.

Reports of officers presented and allowed by the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Ullom and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried it
was ordered that the sum of $560.00) Five hundred and sixty dollars be and the same is hereby
ordered transferred from the Salary fund of the City to the Police fund of said City.

The question of retaining Jas. W. Squires as special officer for the City of Las Vegas Nev.
at a salary of forty dollars per month coming on before the Board it was ordered by the Board that
Jas W. Squires be retrained during the month of January 1918, under arrangements heretofore made
by this Board.

The Board then proceeded to take up the retail liquor applications for the year 1918 as
follows towit;

Jack Reynolds to conduct a retail liquor establishment on Main street in the Lincoln Hotel
Building.

D. Pecetto to conduct a retail liquor establishment on Main street in the Union Hotel Bldg.

Hotel Nevada Mining Company a retail liquor license corner of Main and Fremont Streets.



John S. Wisner a retail Liquor license corner of Main and Fremont street

F.J. Pierce a retail liquor license situated in the Las Vegas Hotel.

Robert Schaffer a retail liquor license situated in Charleston Hotel on First street.

J.& L. Holcomb a retail liquor License situated in the Colorado Hotel Bldg, on First Street.

O.E. Burnett a retail liquor license situated in the Squires Hotel bldg, on First Street.

Joe Graglia and Biama a retail liquor license situated on first street.

Ed Van a retail liquor license situated on first street, block 16.

A1 James a retail liquor license situated on First street.

Ed. Wasserbach a retail liquor license situated on first street.

It was then upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Ullom and duly
carried ordered that the above retail liquor license for the year 1918, be and the same is hereby
granted, the vote upon said motion being as follows towit; Commissioners Ullom, aye, Elwell aye.
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then presented the application of transfer of retail liquor license from Fred Van
Deventer to Lon Groesbeck and it appearing to the Board that a bonified sale had taken place