OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

December 10,1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 7th day of December, A.D. 1921,at the hour of eight o'clock p.m. Present His Honor
the Mayor William C. German, with members Frank Brickie, Thomas R. Hodgens and H.N. Anderson, mem-
ber Lon Martin being absent.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file with the clerk of this Board except-
in g the claim of Conklin Bros. for $525.91 which was laid over until the next regular meeting
because of a shortage of funds.

At this time the clerk read the following communication:

Dec. 6th, 1921.

Messrs. German, Brickie and Hodgens,

Gentlemen of the Committee.

We beg to acknowledge receipt of your esteemed favor

5inst.handed us to-day.

It is our earnest desire to be entirely fair in our proposi-
tion for street lighting for our city and most earnestly wish to do every-
thing in oar power to work in harmony with yon gentlemen in every way where
possible in the matter under consideration.

We appreciate thoroughly the efforts yon are making for the bet-
terment of our little city in your administration, and want yon to know it. But
	we feel that the proposition outlined in your favor is such that we cannot

accept it as submitted.

However, we believe that we can now submit to you a proposition
that is bound to suggest itself to yon as a fair one, and one that does not
admit of any future misunderstanding in any way.

We will furnish yon the Current as outlined in our letter of
2nd inst., for fall night service, for the sum of 7 cts. per K.W. and settle
with you by the same meter that we pay the Railroad Company, using the same
readings they charge us. This to include the service for the City Jail and
the Fire House on the same basis.

We believe and hope that the very low price submitted, when con-
sidered in the light of prices in other places under similar condition, will
make plain to you our sincere wish to pall with yon in every way possible.

Sincerely yours,

Consolidated Power and Telephone Go,

Per. Ed. W. Clark, President.

John S. Park, Secy.

After a discussion in which Ed. W. Clark appeared in behalf of the Consolidated
Power and Telephone Company, an order was made, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
and seconded by Commissioner Brickie, authorizing the Mayor, the Light Commissioners

and the City Clerk, to enter in to a new contract with the Consolidated Power and

Telephone Company for furnishing current for street lights, for one year, upon such

terms and conditions as they see fit to provide. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens

Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes ,none.

It appearing to the best interests of the City of Las Vegas to become a member

of the League of the Southwest, and to send a representative to the meeting of the

League to be held at Riverside, on the 8th, 9th and 10th of December, it was moved by

Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Brickie, that the City of Las Vegas

appropriate the sum of Twenty-five ($25.00) Dollars for a membership in said League

of the Southwest and that C.E. Pembroke be, and he is hereby appointed the official

representative of the City of Las Vegas at the meeting of the League to be held

at Riverside, California the 8th, 9th and 10th of December. Voting Commissioners

Brickie, Hodgens, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

	At this time a petition was presented to the Board for permission to use certain 

streets and alleys for the purpose of laying water mains to furnish water to

families residing in the Hawkins addition, said petition being signed by W.E. Hawkins, said W.E.

