OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

October 6th, 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners

W.H. Elwell, F.E. Matzdorf, C.P. Ball and 0 D. Hicks present with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk
of this Board.

The question of changing the tax rate to conform with the ruling of the State Board of Tax comm-
ission coming on before the Board it was upon motion being first duly made and carried ordered that
this Board stand adjourned until October 23rd, at Eight 0'clock A.M. of said day.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

October 23rd, A.D. 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor present with Commissioners W.H. Elwell
and O.D. Hicks being present.

This being the time set by the Board for changing of the Tax rate for the year 1915 as per order
of the State Tax commission it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board and Upon
motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that the
following rate be and the same is hereby established as follows towit;

That the sum of twenty cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property within the
City limits of the City of Las vegas, Nevada be collected and paid for the year 1915 including the
net proceeds of the mines except such property as is exempt from taxation said tax to be known as
and used as the General fund of said City for the year 1915.

It was further ordered by the Board that there be Collected and paid for the year 1915. An Ad.
Valorm tax of twenty eight cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate lying
and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada except such property as is exempt from taxation
said tax to be known as and used as the Street fund of said City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the Year
1915.

It was further ordered by the Board that there be paid levied and Collected for the year 1915
An Ad Valorm tax of Two cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate lying
and being within the City Limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, except such property as is exempt
from taxation said tax to be known and used as the Cemetery fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
for the year 1915.

It was further ordered by the Board that there be levied and paid for the year 1915 An Ad Valorm
tax of Twelve cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate lying and being