re-consideration of the retail liquor license of H. E. Squires heretofore suspended for a period of
30 days at the last regular meeting of the Board held on the 8th day of March A. D. 1917 be passed
until the 27th of this month at 10 o'clock a. m. And it was further ordered that this Board stand
adjourned until March 27th 1917 at ten o'clock am . The vote upon said order was as follows to-wit:
Commissioners Matzdorf aye, Farnsworth aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W. E. Haw-
kins voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.



April 4th, A.D. 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor, With Commissioners, Matzdorf, Elwell,
Farnsworth, Ball and the City Clerk and City Attorney being present, held on the 4th day of April,
1917.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las egas, Nevada read and allowed as per claim book on file with
the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time Henry E. Squires appeared before the Board of City Commissioners in the matter of the
suspension of his retail liquor license owned by him for the conduct of a retail liquor license in
the Squires Hotel situated on First street in said City, which was suspended for a period of thirty
days commencing at midnight , March 17th, 1917, and it appearing to the Board that said saloon has
been continuously closed since said 17th day of March 1917, and period of 18 days, And it appearing
to the Board that it was the first offence, and that the validity of said ordinance has been establi-
shed and that the offender Henry E. Squires has been reasonably punished, Therefore be it resolved
that the remained of said sentence be and is hereby suspended, the foregoing resolution was duly
adopted upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth and duly carried
by the following vote towit; Commissioners, Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye.
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of the purchase of Fire equipment coming on before the Board it was upon Motion
of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth and duly carried ordered that the
following resolution be and the same is hereby adopted; Whereas, on the 13th day of March 1917, the
Board of City Commissioners having at a previous meeting of said Board appropriated the sum
of Two thousand dollars for the purchase of a combination chemical and Fire hose Auto ar and where
as on said 13th day of March. A.D. 1917, said Board of City Commissioners were presented by the
American La France Fire Engine Company an opportunity to purchase a federal Combination double 40
Gallons Chemical and Hose Car for the sum of $2,150.00 and it appearing to the members of said Board
of City Commissioners that the said Fire equipment should be purchased at once and contract was
entered into by respective parties, and it further appearing to the Board that it is necessary to set
aside more money for the payment of said Fire equipment than the sum of $2,000.00 heretofore allowed
it was further ordered that the sum of $150.00 be and the same is hereby set aside for the purchase



of said Federal Fire Truck, and it is further ordered that said contract be and the same is hereby
approved, by this Board. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf
voting aye, Farnsworth, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor Voting aye. Noes No.

The question of reparing the Fire House and getting the same in readiness for the New Fire

Auto equipment coming on before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that