Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 3rd, A.D. 1915.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 2nd, day of June A.D. 1915. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, Commissioners
Griffith, aye, Sullivan aye, and Smith, Commissioner Curtiss being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as per claim book except the Claim

of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company for $46.00 for rent of Oil wagon which was apposed by

Commissioner Griffith upon the grounds that the same was an exorbitant charge, where it was ordered

that this claim be laid over until the same could be investigated by Commissioner Griffith.



At this time Commissioner Griffith reported to the Board that the line of road south of town connecting
up with with the highway through Clark County had been moved over and that said fence had also
been reconstructed as ordered by the Board and that every part of said road completed except a small
amount of work, and that the only thing left undone was the deeds from Peter Buol to the City which
had been promised by said Peter Buol whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered
that the City Attorney be and is hereby instructed to procure said deeds for said City of Las
Vegas Nevada.

At this time upon motion being first duly made and carried it was ordered that the sum of
$600.00 be and the same is hereby ordered transferred from the Salary fund of the City to the
Street fund of said City.

It was further ordered upon motion being first duly made and carried ordered that the sum
of $125.00 be and the same is hereby ordered transferred from the General fund of the City to the
Cemetery fund of said City.

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner Smith reported to the Board his findings of the
building reported last meeting to have been built by the Troy Laundry of said City as to the same
not being up to the fire ordinance of said City, whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and
seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried it was ordered that the owner of said building
be and is hereby ordered and directed to comply with said fire ordinance of said City of Las Vegas
Nevada, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye,

Sullivan aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, voting aye.

At this time Commissioner of Streets E.W. Griffith reported to the Board that he had constructed
five culverts in the original townsite of Las Vegas Nevada as per instructions of said Board at
its last regular meeting, and that he was of the opinion that the allowing of running water through
said streets and alleys was dangerous to the public safety of said City, and that some action should
be taken to safe guard the publics from such conditions where upon it was ordered that this matter
go over for the consideration of the new Board of City Commissioners.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion of Commissioner
Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried ordered that this Board stand
adjourned seni die.