June 8th, A.D. 1914.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City commissioners in a and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada head pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor, with Commissioners
Sullivan, Curtiss, and Griffith, Commissioner E.E. Smith being absent on leave of absence.

This being the time as set by the Board for the payment of the last and final 50% as due
J.A. Delameter on his contract with the City of Las Vegas for the competition of sidewalks on
the East side of First street, Second street, South side of Fremont street, and the North side of
Fremont street. it was upon motion being duly made and carried by motion of Commissioner Griffith
and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan resolved that the following resolution be adopted as follows:
towit:- " Whereas , J.A. Delameter has filed with this Board a claims in the sum of $719.68 for
final 50% on the East side of First street, $715.28 for final 50% on the East side of second street
$337.81 for final payment on the South side of Fremont street, and for $433.28 as final 50% on
the North side of Fremont street as compensation in full for the construction of the sidewalk on
the above mentioned streets as per contract with the City of Las Vegas bearing date the 17th, day
of February, 1914. and Whereas, the said work has been accepted as completed by the Commissioner
of Streets and Public property as shown by the report of said Commissioner on file with this Board
and Whereas , it appears to this Board that there is now due under the terms of said contract
to the said J.A. Delameter fifty per cent. as final payment of the contract price, the sums Of
$433.28 on district NO. 4, $337.81 on district No, 3. $715.28 on District. No. 2, $719.68 on
District No.l,. payable out of the special assessment funds of Districts No. 1, 2, 3, 4,. Now
Therefore, Be it resolved that the said claim be and the same is hereby allowed to the extent of
fifty per cent which is the final and last paymenet per contract thereof, in the sums of $71968
$715.28, $337.81, $433.28. and the same is hereby ordered to be paid out of special assessments
funds of Districts No, 1, 2, 3, 4,. That such payment be made to J.A. Delameter and his assigns as
their interests appear viz: $1300.00 to the First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Incorporated
as assignee of that amount from said J.A. Delameter and the balance of the said sums to be paid
to the said J.A. Delameter out of the sums allowed by this Board. the vote upon said resolution
be as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the
Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of transferring a sufficient sum of money from the general fund of the City to
make upon the deficit in district No, 1, of said special sidewalk assessment it was upon motion
of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried ordered that the
sum of $120.96 be and the same is hereby transferred from the general fund of the City to the
special assessment district No. 1, of said City. the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor. voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the resignation of F.A. Stevens as City Attorney
in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to take effect immediately whereupon after due consideration
upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by commissioner
Curtiss and duly carried ordered that said resignation be accepted, the vote being as follows towit:
Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting NO.

Upon motion being duly made and carried the Board adjourned.