Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada
December 6th, 1911.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
Present Hon Peter Buol. and all members of the Board, with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims allowed per claim book.

Reports of Officers read and approved as read.

The License collected made the following report regarding those business that have failed
to pay their license, it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by McGovern ordered that the
City Attorney make demand upon those not paying their license, and take such action as he sees
fit in the matter, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, McGovern, aye,

Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time C.P. Ball appeared before the Board regarding the regulating of the licenses
on the business conducted by him, requesting the Board to take some acting relative to the reversing

 of said license taxes now imposed in the City, by said Board. after due consideration upon
the part of the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried that the Mayor appoint a committee
of three to revise said license ordinance, thereupon the Mayor appointed City Attorney F.A. Stevens
Commissioner Von Tobel, and Stewart, as such Committee.

At this time the Mayor announced that he desired to recall the appointment of Chas M.



McGovern as Police and Fire Commissioner, and to appoint Ed Von Tobel as such Police and Fire Commissioner
and said Chas M. McGovern as Commissioner of Finance and Revenue. The Mayor thereupon requested
the Clerk to enter in the minutes of the meeting such recall and appointment, such change to take
effect immediately.

Upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Stewart and duly carried it was ordered that
the City Auditor be instructed to draw his warrant for the amount of $41.40 to cover cost in the
two cases decided against the City of Las Vegas, per an judgement now on file and of record in
the District Court of the county of Clark, State of Nevada.

Upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Coughlin that N. Mitchell be appointed to the
office of Night Marshall for the City of Las Vegas, the same being lost by the following vote towit:
Coughlin, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, No. Von Tobel, no, and his Honor the Mayor voting No.

At this time the Clerk present ed for the second reading the following ordinance.

Ordinance No. 20.



An ordinance Relating to and regulating the appearance of Miners on the public Streets
Avenues, alleys and other public places in the City of Las Vegas providing for the ringing of a
curfew bell and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict Therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1, That it is hereby made unlawful for any child under the age of sixteen years

 and not accompanied by its parents or guardian or other adult person having legal custody and control

 of said child to loiter, wander or stroll in or about any of the public streets, avenues,
alleys or any public place in the City of Las Vegas at any time between the hours of 8'oclock
P.M. and 5 o'clock A.M. of the succeeding day, in or during the months of September, October,
December, January, February, March, April, and May; or at any time between the hours of 9 o'clock

 P.M. and 5 o'clock A.M. of the succeeding day on or during the months of June, July, and
August.

Section 2, That it is hereby made unlawful for any parent, guardian or other person

having legal care and custody of any child under the age of twelve years, to allow or permit
such child or ward to loiter, wander or stroll in or about any public street, avenue alley or other