Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, July 13th. A.D. 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 13th day of July A.D. 1915.

pursuant to adjournment Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor. Commissioners Elwell, Ball and Hicks present

with the Clerk and City Attorney. F.E. Matzdorf Commissioner being absent.



The question of letting the band boys have the use of the room in the old City Hall formerly occupied by the
Clerks office for practice purposes coming on before the Board, it was moved and seconded and duly
carried ordered that they be granted use of said building or room to practice in, with the underst-
anding that they keep the same in a clean and orderly manner so that the same can be used for other
civic bodies, but it is under stood that this permission is subject to revocation at any time by the
Board of City Commissioners of said City.

The petition heretofore filed by the merchants of said City requesting that all merchant license

be taken off of said City coming on before the Board for there consideration and it appearing to

the Board that it would be for the best interest of said City to remove said license tax it was upon

motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Ball and dully carried and ordered that

said license ordinance be and the same is amended so that the same will not be in force on and after the first
day of January A.D. 1916, and the City Attorney is hereby instructed and ordered to prepare an
ordinance to that effect same to go in effect upon and after the first day of January 1916., said
ordinance to not include the special retail liquor ordinance now in force and effect, the vote upon
said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioner Elwell, No. Ball yes. Hicks, aye, and
his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board an affidavit from the City Cemetery Board
recommending the raise of salary of the Cemetery sexton from $35.00 per month to $50.00 per month
whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner
Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried ordered that the salary of the Cemetery
sexton be and the same is hereby raised to the sum of $50.00 per month to take effect August 1st
A.D. 1915 until the further order of this Board. the vote on said resolution being as follows
towit:— Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins.
voting aye.

The question of revising the salaries of the various City officers coming on before the Board
it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board and upon motion of Commissioner Hicks
and seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried order that the Salary of Municipal Judge be
reduced from $35.00 per month to $25.00 per month same to take effect in August, and that the
salary of the City Treasurer be and the same is hereby fixed at the sum of $25.00 per month and
be it further ordered that the Salary of City Clerk cut from $40.00 per month to $25.00 per
month to take effect on and after the first day of January A.D. 1916. and the salary of the City
Treasurer to remain as it is at $50.00 per month the vote on said resolution being as follows
towit:- Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye.

The petition of James H. Ladd for street lights on the corners of Ninth, tenth, and eleventh
streets on Fremont street coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Hick s
and duly seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried ordered that said petition be and the
same is hereby denied, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Elwell, aye.
Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.