Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas. Nevada
City of Las Vegas, June 22nd, 1911.

Per an Act of the Legislature, Approved March 16th, 1911. relative to the incorporation of the
City of Las Vegas. Nevada.

The Newley elected Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, meet in the
Office of the County Clerk of Clark County, Nevada, for the orginaztion of said Board.

Present the Hon. Peter Buol. the duly elected Mayor of said City and the following City
Commissioners. towit:-

W.J. Stewart Commissioner of the First Class.

Ed. Von Tobel Commissioner of the second Class.

Chas M. McGovern commissioner of the Third Class.

J.J. Coughlin Commissioner of the Fourth Class.

Mayor Boul then called the roll and all members answered present. The question of Clerk
protem coming on before the said Board, it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that
Ed. Von Tobel be appointed as Clerk protem.

Mayor Boul, Commissioner W.J. Stewart, Ed Von Tobel, Chas M. McGovern, and J.J. Coughlin
having presented there official Bonds and the same having been approved by the Chairman of the
Board of County Commissioners as by law provided, the newley elected Board of City Commissioners
then proceeded to transact the business before the aforesaid Board.

The question of appointing of a municipal Judge for the City of Las Vegas, coming before
the Board the Clerk was asked to read all application presented for said office, the Clerk then
proceeded to read the application of H.M. Lillis, and G.A. Case for the office of Municipal
Judge, Chas M. McGovern plased the name of G.A. Case in nomination for the office of Judge, Ed
Von Tobel placed the name of H.M. Lillis in nomination, the nomination having been closed the
Board then proceeded to vote upon the same, G.A. Case having received the highest number of
votes for said office it was upon motion made and duly carried ordered that the Clerk protem
cast the vote for G.A. Case as Municipal Judge, the same having carried G.A. Case was declared
the duly appointed Munucipial Judge for the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

The question of the appointement of a City Clerk coming on before the Board, Then Clerk
protem read applications from Joe E. Swift, and Harley A. Harmon, Vote taken as follows towit-
 Coughlin, Stewart, and Mc Govern, voting for Harley A. Harmon, Von Tobel and Mayor Boul casting
there vote for J.E. Swift, Thereafter the Mayor declared the election of Harley A. Harmon, to the
office of City Clerk, for the City of Las Vegas.

At this time it was upon motion of Chas McGovern seconded by J.J. Coughlin that the
Newley elected City Clerk, take his seat and officiate as such Clerk motion carried.

The question of the appointement of a City Attorney coming on before the Board for con-
sideration, Mayor Boul placed in nomination the name of Richard Busteed, for the office of City
Attorney, there being no further nominations before the Board it was upon motion of Chas Mc Gov-
ern seconded by Boul that the office of nominations be closed for the office of City Attorney 

and theat Richard Busteed be declared the City Attorney for the City of Las Vegas, and the same
was duly carried.

The question of Salary for the office of City Clerk, City Attorney, and Municipal Judge
coming on before the Board for consideration it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by
McGovern and duly carried, ordered that the salarys of the above named offices be fixed as foll-
ows towit. 

	Municipal Judge, Salary $25.00 dollars per month.

City Clerk, Salary $25.00 dollars per month.

City Attorney Salary $25.00 dollars per month.