as to indicate the character of the contents.

Bids must be in the hands of the City ClerK on or before December 6, at 8 o'clock P.M.,

1911.

All bids must be accompanied by a certified check in an amount equal to at least of one
per cent of the amount bid, payable to the Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Said certified check to be returned to the bidder whose bid is
rejected, and to be forfeited to said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, if the maker of any bid refuses

to take up and pay for said bonds on or before February 1, 1912, after the notice of the
acceptance of his bid therefor.

Bids will not be received at less than par value.

The Board reserves the right to reject any and all bids.

Upon motion of Stewart, seconded by Coughlin, that the foregoing notice be adopted as
read. Vote taken as follows: Coughlin, aye; Stewart, aye; McGovern, aye; Von Tobel, aye;

His Honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye.

Upon motion of Stewart, seconded by Von Tobel, it was ordered that the Clerk of this
Board cause the foregoing notice to be published for five issues in the Clark County Review
and two insertions in the Financial World, published in New York and Chicago. The vote being
cast as follows; Coughlin, aye; Stewart, aye; McGovern, aye; Von Tobel, aye; His Honor the Mayor
Peter Buol, aye.

The question of the appointment of a city attorney coming on before the Board, it was upon
motion of Von Tobel, seconded by McGovern, and duly carried, that this Board appoint F.A.
Stevens to the office of City Attorney, at a salary of Fifty ($50.00) Dollars per month,
the said Stevens to furnish a bond in the sum of One Thousand dollars, same to be approved by
His Honor the Mayor, and upon such approval, the said Stevens to enter into his duties as said
City Attorney. Vote as follows: Coughlin, aye; McGovern, aye; Stewart, aye; Von Tobel, aye;
His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board, upon motion of Stewart, seconded
by McGovern and duly carried, ordered that the Board adjourn, until next regular meeting in
November, at 8 o'clock P. M., 1911.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.
November 1st, A.D. 1911.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, held pursuant to adjournment, present Hon Peter Buol. Mayor and all members of the Board.
Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims allowed per claim book, except the following towit:- Claim of H.M. Lillis
for fee for register agent for the special Bond election was laid over on the grounds that the
same was not a legal charge against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Upon motion by Stewart and seconded by Mc Govern it was ordered that the Clerk of this
Board be instructed to write to E.G. Tilton Chief Engineer of the San Pedro Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad Co. for a profile of proposed sewerage system for the City of Las Vegas Nev.
the Vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Stewart aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel
aye and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye,

The Clerk then proceeded to read the following towit:-

Ordinance No. 19.	

   

An ordinance amending Ordinance No. 12, of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An