to be used and applied solely for the purpose of paying for the labor and material used in said
above mentioned streets improvements; that said Commissioner of Street be and he is hereby limited
in the ensuring of obligations upon said special improvements to said sum of $2800.00 and that
no part of said $2800.00 be used for any other purpose or purposes. The vote on said resolution
be as follows towit:- Stewart.No. Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel voting aye.

The Board having completed the work for which the special call was issued, was upon motion
duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of
the Board.

Office of the City Clerk City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

April 2nd, A.D. 1913.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the above mentioned date . Present Hen. Peter Buol. Mayor of said City with Commissioners
Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern and Von Tobel present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and special meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers and claims against the City read and approved as per claim book.

At this time City Treasurer Ed. W. Clark presented before the Beard a written request and asked
that they grant him a salary in line with the duties of the office , therefore after consideration
upon the part of the Beard it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried
it was ordered that the City Treasurer be and is hereby allowed the sum of twenty five dollars per
month as salary for services performed in said office, te be paid as ether claims against the City
are paid. the vote being as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel
aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

At this time street Commissioner Stewart moved the Board that the office of Municipal Judge
be raised from $25.00 per month to $37.50 per month there being no second to said motion it was
lost for the want of a second.

At this time Commissioner McGovern moved the Board that the City Clerk be and is hereby
instructed to write to Ira McFarland of Indian Springs and ascertain what he wanted done with the
Gasoline Engine new in the possession of the City that belonged to him, the same being seconded by
Commissioner Coughlin was duly carried as follows towit:-	Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, McGovern

aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

An ordinance to regulate and prevent the discharge of Fire-Arms, air guns etc, within certain
portions of the City was read for the second time, after due consideration upon the part of
the Board it was upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by Coughlin duly carried ordered that the
same be passed as by the Charter provided as appears more fully from Ordinance Book Number one
of said City under ordinance No. 39. the vote being as follows towit, Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye.

Mc Govern aye, von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an ordinance regulating the obstruction of side -
walks and streets in said City for the first reading after due consideration upon the part of the

Board it was ordered that this ordinance go over for the second reading of the Board.

At this time James Clark presented a request before the Board asking that be granted, permission
to erect a boot black stand on Fremont street in the front of the Las Vegas Hotel, after consideration 

upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and duly seconded by Coughlin and

duly carried ordered that said permit be granted, but that the Board reserves the right at any and

all times to revoke said permission, vote as follows Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern, Von Tobel, and the