		Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada

October 2nd, A.D. 1912.

A a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held October 2nd, A.D. 1912. Present all members of the Board expect the Hon. Mayor Peter Buol.
Thereupon acting Mayor Protem Ed. Von Tobel officiated as presiding officer of the meeting.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las vegas read and allowed as appears from the Claim on
file with the Clerk of this Board. Reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time the following petition was presented to the Board for there consideration.

" To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners.

Gentlemen:- I respectfully petition your Hon. Body to permit us to maintain a wooden stand
and covering for a fire hose at the fire hydrant on the corner of first street and the alley
first South of Fremont Street.	Yours truly. Thomas Department Store.

M.C. Thomas Sr. President.

 J.W. Horden.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing to the satisfaction

of the Board that the above request will be of a benefit to the City in the way of fire protection

it was upon motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that said request

be granted under the condition that said permit is revocable at any time by the City. the vote being cast as 

follows towit:- Stewart, aye. Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, and his Hon the Mayor protem voting aye.

This being the time set by the City for report of Commissioner Coughlin on the question
of lighting the streets in said City, and he having filed an report to that effect and Mr John
S. Parks and Mr Delume appearing before the Board in behalf of said Consolidated Power and
Telephone Company and after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion duly
made and carried ordered that this matter go over until there was a full attendance of the Board.
the vote being cast as follows towit: Stewart, aye, Coughlin aye, Mc Govern aye, and his Hon.
the Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel. voting aye.

This being the time set by the Board for the consideration of the barbers license in said
City and it appearing to the satisfaction of the Board that a change should be made in said
license it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the City Attorney be instructed to
to draw an ordinance amending ordinance No. one of the City of Las vegas relative to the Barbers
license in said City, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye,

McGovern, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Protem Ed. Von Tobel, aye.



This being the time as set for the second reading of Ordinance No. 34 of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada relative to a franchise for the Las Vegas Land and Water Company to string wires and poles
through certain streets and alleys of said City and the Clerk after having read the same in
full it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried that said ordinance
be passed as appears more fully from ordinance Book One of said City under Ordinance No. 34.
the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye, Von Tobel,
aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until October 14th, at eight o'clock P.M.