Office of the City Clerk. Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, November 4th, 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 4th day of November A.D. 1914. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners
Griffith, Curtiss, Smith and Sullivan, with the Clark and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read

Reports of officers read and approved as read, All claims against the City allowed as per claim
book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time a Committee appeared before the Board representing the Mesquite Club of said City
and requested of the Board that they give said Club the right and privilege to use said City building
now situated on block 20 in said City belonging to said City for library purposes the same to be
for general use for the public said library to be under the direction of the Members of the Board
and two members of said Mesquite Club. Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the
Board that this matter be referred to the City Attorney with a request that he make a report of the
same at the next regular meeting of the Board.

It was further order by the Board that the 18th day of November 1914 be declared as a clean up
day for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and that the Mayer of said City is hereby authorized to issue
an proclamation to such effect.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

December 2nd, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las V gas
Nevada, held on the above mentioned date Present the Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, and Commissioners
 Griffith, Curtiss, and Smith.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the
Clerk of this Board, Reports of officers read and approved as read.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that the sum of sixty doll-
ars" $( 60.00) be and the same is hereby ordered transferred from the general fund of the City to the
Cemetery fund of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

It was further ordered upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of One hundred
($100,00) be and the same is hereby transferred from the general fund of the City to the Street fund
of the City of Lae Vegas Nevada.

This being the time set by the Board for the granting of liquor permits for the year 1915 in
said City as per ordinance of said City, the Clerk then presented to the Board the following applications 

for consideration of the Board.