Office of the City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nev. Feb. 5, 1919

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 5th day of February, 1919, present Hon. W . E. Hawkins, Mayor with members
John F. Miller, W. H. Elwell, Commissioners with the Clerk and the City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the city were allowed	by the Board except the claim of A1 James and

Jack Reynolds for refund on liquor license. It was order referred to the City Attorney for his
opinion as to the legality of the payment of said claim. The bill of the Consolidated Power and
Telephone Company was reduced to the sum of One Dollars and thirty cents ($1.30) for the reason
that the said charge and said claim for a telephone at the Fire House should not be charged as
Commissioner Miller notified the Board that a notice had been served to the said Consolidated
Power and Telephone Company to remove said telephone and which they had filed to do upon the date
of the notice.

At this time it appeared to the Board that there was no sufficient money in certain funds,

it was upon motion being duly made and carried, ordered, that the sum of One Hundred and Fifty

($150.00) Dollars be and is hereby transferred from the General fund of the city to the Light fund
of the city and it was further ordered by the Board that the sum of Two Hundred ($200.00) Dollars
be transferred from the General fund of said city to the Police fund of said city.

The question of the shortness of fund coming on before the board it was upon motion being
duly made and carried that the Clerk hereby discontinue the publication of bill allowed until the
further order of this Board.

It appeared to the board that the this time that it be necessary to make up a budget for the
city for the year 1919. It was upon motion being duly made and carried that this Board adjourn
until February 19 at 3 P. M. of said day for the purpose of considering said budget.

and Ball and W. E. Hawkins, His Hon. the Mayor voting aye. Noes none."

It was further ordered that the telephone at the Fire House be discontinued and the Clerk
is hereby ordered to notify the Telephone Company to that effect.

At this time it was stated that there was a vacancy in the Library Board of said city
due to the resignation of one George Hayes who had resigned. Thereupon upon motion of Commissioner
Ball and seconded by Commissioner Ullom it was ordered that E. E. Smith of the city of Las Vegas
be and is hereby appointed to fill said vacancy.

At this time the question of consolidating the night police and the Fire Truck driver
coming on before the Board and it appeared to the Board that it be to the best interest to the people
of Las Vegas and to the financial condition to consolidate these two departments and for one man
to look after the fire and police apparatus of said city. It was upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that fire and police commissioners fo said city be and are hereby ordered and
directed to employ a man for the position of police and fire watchman in the city of L as Vegas at
a salary not to exceed the sum of One Hundred Fifty ($150.00) Dollars per month.

The vote of said resolution was as follows to-wit:

Commissioners Ullom, aye; Elwell, aye; Ball, aye; Miller, aye; the Hon. Hawkins, Mayor,
aye. Noes none.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until its next regular meeting in February.