purpose of establishing regulations for the numbering of buildings as a part of and in connection
with said ordinance, Be it Resolved, as follows: Section 1, The numbering of all buildings
fronting upon the public streets, avenues and through fares within the City of Las Vegas shall
be in conformity with the decimal system and the following rules: First. The intersection of
Main and Fremont Streets in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite shall be the initial points of numbering
all blocks and buildings of the City of Las Vegas, as follows:	1, All buildings fronting on

east and west streets which intersect or start from Main street, beginning with numbers one (1)
and two (2) adjoining said Main street, shall be numbered progressively therefrom through each
block, Following the intersection of each numbered street or avenue the numbering shall again
begin with numbers one (1) or two (2), plus the number of hundreds which is indicated by the
number of said intersecting street or avenue.

2, All buildings fronting on North and south streets which intersect or start from Fremont
Street, beginning with numbers one (1) and two (2) adjoining said Fremont street, shall be num-
bered progressively therefrom through each block, Following the intersection with each of the
following named streets the numbering shall began with numbers one (1) or two (2) , plus the
number of hundreds to be determined as follows:

North Ogden and South of Carson Streets in Clark's Las Vegas townsite and in all
additions, one hundred (100) .

North of Stewart and South of Bridger Streets in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and in all
additions, Two hundred (200)

North of Mesquite Ave. in Bucks Addition and South of Lewis Street in Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite and in all additions, three hundred (300).

North of Linden Ave. in Buck's addition and South of Clark Street in Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite and in all additions, Four hundred (400).

South of Bonneville Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and in all additions, Five Hundred.
(500). South of Garces Street, in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and in all additions, Six Hundred
(600). For the purpose of this resolution and the ordinance in collection therewith Linden
Avenue in Grand View Add. shall be considered and taken as an extension and prolongation of
Linden avenue in Buck ' s addition; Mesquite Ave, in Grandview add. shall be taken and considered
as an extension and prolongation of Mesquite Ave. in BucK's add. Stewart st., Ogden St., Fremont
St., Carson., Bridger St., Lewis St., ClarK St. Bonneville St. and Garces St. as they may
respectively appear in either Buck's add. Fairview Tract, Ladss Add., Pioneer Heights of Wardie
Add., shall be taken and considered as an extension and prolongation of the streets of the corresponding 

names in Clark's Las Vegas townsite, and the numbering of the buildings fronting on said
streets in said addition shall be governed as to intervening streets as provided in paragraphs 1
and 2 of section 1 of this resolution by the number of the street as through there were land
laid out and platted at allpoints between Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and said additions conforming
in all respects to the platting of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite. For example, the houses fronting on
Fremont St. in the block between Eighth and Ninth streets in Buck's Add. shall bear base number
300, beginning with 801 and 802 following the intersection of Eighth and Fremont Streets and pro-
gressing as in paragraphs 1 and 2 of section 1 of this Resolution provided.

State street in Grand View Add. shall be taken and considered as an extension and prolongation
of Ninth street in Pioneer Heights and BucK's Add., Clarks St . Grand View Add. shall be taken
and considered as an extension and prolongation of tenth street in Pioneer Heights and BucK's
Add. and Fairview tract; La Salle St. in Grand View Add. shall be taKen and considered as an
extension and prolongation of Eleventh St. in Pioneer heights, Ladds Add. and Fairview Tract; Hill
St. in Grand View Add. shall be taken and considered as and extension and prolongation of Twelth
St. in Pioneer Heights, Ladds Add. and Fairview Tract.

3,	Buildings fronting on the north and west sides of streets and avenues shall be designated

by even numbers , and buildings fronting on the south and east sides of streets or avenues shall