Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following resolution
was duly adopted, " Resolved that section 1, of proposed Ordinance No. 45. being ordinance to
amend section 13, of Ordinance 33, be and the same is hereby amended by inserting after the last
paragraph of section 1, of said proposed ordinance the following paragraph as a new paragraph
" No liquor license shall authorize the holder thereof to sell, serve or give away any liquors
at anytime other than between the hours of six o'clock A.M. and one o'clock A.M. of the succeeding day
of each day of each week ; and it shall be and is hereby made unlawful to sell, serve or give away,
any spirituous , malt, or fermented liquors or wines or mixed intoxicating liquors, in any establishment, 

saloon, tippling house, sample room, bar room, drinking place, restaurant, club, club room
or drug store, on any day or days of the week between the hours of one o'clock A.M. and six o'clock
A.M. of the same day. Provided, however, that the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall not
apply to the sale by druggists of such liquors for medicinal purposes, upon the prescription in
writing of a licensed physician, not the sale by such druggists of pure alcohol for medical, mechanical 

or scientific uses. the vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Curtiss, aye,
Griffith, aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, aye,. This ordinance shall take
effect and be in force from and after its passage and publication one week (one issue) in the Las
Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas. Ordinance No. 45 being an
ordinance to amend section 13 of ordinance No. 33. was then taken up for final action, The Ordinance
as amended was read in full, Upon motion of commissioner smith seconded by Commissioner Griffith
and carried that the ordinance as amended be adopted, the vote was as follows: Commissioners
Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.