At this time the Bond of Chas. Ireland as Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, together with his
Oath of Office was presented and it was upon motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens and duly carried that said Bond and Oath of Office of Chas. Ireland as Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas, be approved. Voting Commissioners Brickie and Hodgens aye. Noes none. Mayor Ireland
not voting.



At this time the Official Bond of H. N. Anderson, as Commissioner of the Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas, was

presented and it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens and duly



carried that said official bond of H.N. Anderson as commissioner of the fourth class of the City of Las Vegas, be approved.

Voting: Commissioners Brickie and Hodgens and his honor the Mayor, aye. Noes none.

At this time a Resolution as to the form of business was presented for the consideration of the

Board, which reads as follows:

"RESOLVED, that until the further order of the Board
the following be and the same is hereby established
as the Order of Business to be pursued at all regular
meetings of the Board of City Commissioners, towit:

1.	Calling roll.

2.	Reading of minutes of previous session.

3. Reports of officers.

4. Reading of Bills and action thereon.

5.	Communications.

6.	Unfinished business.

7.	New Business.

8.	Adjournment.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that such order may be deviated
from at any meeting only upon the assent of a majority
of the members of the Board present."

It was upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Brickie, and duly carried
that the above Resolution as to the order of business be approved and adopted. Voting: Commissi-
oners Brickie and Hodgens, and his honor Mayor Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk was instructed to inform the Street Commissioner, Lou Martin, that
he was to arrange for the leveling the streets to be used for the Labor Day Celebration.

At this time a Communication from the Federal Power Commission at Washington, dated Aug. 4th
was read and it was the order of the Board to lay said communication on the table until next meet-
ing.

At this time a communication was read by the Clerk from the Labor Commissioner at Carson
City dated August 1, 1921, relative to the City Commissioners, or any other political division,
employing persons who are not citizens of the United States on any public improvements. Where-
upon it was the order of the Board said communication be placed on file.

At this time Ordinance No. 86 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, entitled: "An Ordinance
to amend section six (6) and to repeal Section seven (7) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled: 'An ordinance regulating travel and traffic upon the Public Streets of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada.'", was read for the second time and passed. Voting Commissioners Brickie
and Hodgens and his honor the Mayor, Chas. Ireland, voting aye. Noes. None.

At this time there appearing no farther business before the Board, it was on motion daly
made and carried that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting day, being
September 7th 1921 at the hour of 3 o'clock p.m.