Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

June 5th, 1918.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the 5th day of June A.D. 1918. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners Ball, Miller,
Elwell, and Ullom, with the Clerk and City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the last regular meetings and adjourned meetings read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this
Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read and placed on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time Mrs W.B. Mundy and Mrs C. M. Mc Govern members of the Cemetery Board appeared before the
Board of City Commissioners requesting the Board to set aside a certain sum of money for the building
and erecting of a screen porch on the house of the Cemetery sexton in the cemetery and estimated
to the Board that the same could be erected for about the sum of $100.00 whereupon after due considera-
tion upon the part of the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of
$100.00 be and the same is hereby transferred from the general fund of the City to the Cemetery fund
of said City for the purpose of erecting said screen porch.

This being the time set by the Board per a Notice given and duly published in the Clark County
Review for the receiving and opening of bids on Street sprinkling in said City, the Clerk then proceeded
to open said Bids as follows towit;

The Bid of Al. J. Clark	$6.50 Per day

The bid of Geo. Hooper	6.00 Per day

Bert French	$200.00 per month

J.M.	Miller	7.50	Per day

J.L.	Russell	6.40	Per day

J.M.	Heaton	5.50	Per day

Thereafter upon due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon the motion of Commiss-
ioner Ullom and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that the said Bid of $5.50
per	day	for the sprinkling	of	said	Streets	in	said	City	as submitted	by	the	said	J.M.	Heaton	be	and

the	same	is hereby	accepted,	the	same	to	be	enforce	from	this day,	as	is	more	fully	set	forth	in	the

Notice to bidders for the said sprinkling of said streets, the vote upon said resolution being as
follows towit; Commissioner Ball, aye, Miller aye, Elwell, aye, Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

This being the time set by the Board for the reading of the ordinance amending the Gas Rates in
the said City of Las Vegas Nevada for second reading, the Clerk there upon proceeded to read said
ordinance for the second time, whereupon it was by motion of Commissioner Miller and seconded By
Commissioner Ball that the following amendment to the proposed ordinance entitled " An Ordinance
of the City of Las Vegas, amending section 4 of Ordinance No 22 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
" An Ordinance Authorizing Consolidated Power and Telephone Company a corporation , its successors
or assigns, to construct, operate and maintain gas works in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada".
that that portion of said ordinance he amended as follows towit; that part of section four wherein
it reads as follows" "however , that no rate shall be changed during a period of less than
one year after being fixed (except as herein after provided for) and that notice of intention to
change rates shall be given to the local agent of the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company or
its successors or assigns, at least thirty days prior to the date set for for the consideration of
such change" be amended to read as follows towit; " However , that no rate shall be changed during
a period of less than thirty days after being fixed ( except as herein after provided for ) and that
notice of intention to change rates shall be given to the local agent of the Consolidated Power and
Telephone Company or its successors or assigns, at least fifteen days prior to the date set for the
consideration of such change. "The vote upon said amendment was as follows towit; Commissioners Ball

aye, Miller aye, Elwell aye, Ullom aye and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.