the Board of City Commissioners the new duly elected Board who were elected to office on May
6, 1919, having qualified and taken the required oath of office and filed their official bond and
being ready to assume their duties as Mayor and Commissioners of said city, it was upon motion of
Commissioner Miller and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried, ordered that this Board
stand adjourned sine-die.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

June 4, 1919.

This being the time set by law for the newly elected Board to take office and the
following members having heretofore been elected on the 6th day of May, 1919. Present his Honor,
the mayor, W. E. Ferron; Commissioner of the first class, W.E. Arnold Commissioner of the
second class, Ralph Thomas; Commissioner of the fourth class, Howard Conklin; Commissioner of
the third class, G. H. French, not being present. The abovenamed members of the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, having filed their bond and taken their oath of office
and qualified as follows to-wit: W. E. Ferron in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars
with Will Beckley and Ed. W. Clark as sureties; W. E. Arnold in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00)
Dollars with W. I. Roberts and John S. Wisner as sureties; Ralph Thomas in the sum of One Thou-
sand ($1,000.00) Dollars with W. E. Hawkins and O. C. Boggs as sureties; G. H. French in the sum
of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with Roy W. Martin and E. W. Griffith as sureties; Howard
Conklin in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with Roy W. Martin and B. R. Jefferson as
sureties.

The Board then proceeded to organize, whereupon the mayor, W.E. Ferron, announced that
the first thing in order would be the election of a City Clerk, whereupon motion of Commissioner
Ralph Thomas and seconded by Commissioner Howard Conklin it was ordered and duly carried that
Harley A. Harmon be and he is hereby elected to the office of City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
and that he is to file a bond in the sum of Two Thousand Five Hundred ($2,500.00) Dollars and
take the required oath of office as by law provided. The vote upon said resolution being as
follows, to-wit: Commissioner Conklin, aye; Commissioner Thomas, aye; Commissioner Arnold, aye;
his Honor the Mayor W. E. Ferron, aye; noes none.

Thereupon Harley A. Harmon, the newly elected City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
presented his official Bond in the sum of Two Thousand Five Hundred ($2,500.00) Dollars with
W. E. Hawkins and John S. Park as sureties and took the prescribed oath of office, whereupon
motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the bond of Harley A. Harmon in the sum
of Two Thousand Five Hundred ($2,500.00) Dollars for city clerk of said city be and the same is
hereby approved.

Thereupon the newly elected City Clerk, Harley A. Harmon assumed the duties of clerk
of said Board as by law provided.

The next order of business was the appointment of a City Attorney, whereupon the clerk
presented to the Board two applications as follows, to-wit: A. J. Stebenne and F. A. Stevens,
whereupon motion of Commissioner Howard Conklin the name of F. A. Stevens was mentioned as city
attorney, upon motion of Commissioner W. E. Arnold and seconded by Commissioner Thomas A. J.
Stebenne was mentioned, whereupon the clerk called the roll with the following results:

Commissioner Conklin voted for F. A. Stevens, Commissioner Thomas voted for A . J. Stebenne,
Commissioner Arnold voted for A. J. Stebenne and his Honor the Mayor, W. E. Ferron, voted for