Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

September 3rd, 1913.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nev.
held on the 3rd, day of September A.D. 1913. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners
Curtiss, Griffith, and E.E. Smith, with the ClerK and City Attorney present, there being a quorum
present, the Clerk proceeded to read the minutes of the previous meeting, which was approved as
read,	All Claims against the City were allowed as appears from the claim booK on file with

the ClerK of this Board. Reports of officers read and approved as read.

The question of transferring the sum of five hundred dollars from the general fund of the
City to the street fund of the City coming on before the City it was upon motion of Commissioner
Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly carried ordered that the sum of $500.00 be
and the same is hereby transferred from the general fund of the City to the street fund of the
City the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith
aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

An Ordinance Regulating the Speed of Automobiles and other conveyances within the corporate
limits of the City of Las Vegas, was read before the Board for the first time and upon motion
being duly made and carried it was ordered that this ordinance go over for the second reading.

An Ordinance Establishing official grades of the lots streets, alleys, avenues, public
Places, sewers, and other grades in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and City of Las Vegas , and
regulating the construction of Sidewalks therein and other matters relating thereto. was read
for the first before the Board upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner
Griffith it was ordered that said ordinance go over for the second reading,

An Ordinance Amending Section Thirteen (13) of Ordinance No. 33 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled " An ordinance Regulating the Distribution of intoxicating Liquors, and Regulating places
where such liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses, and
repealing Ordinances No. 3, and all ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith."
was read for the second time, action thereon deferred until latter in the meeting.

The next matter considered by the Board was the question of the revocation of certain liquor
permits of persons operating saloons in Block 16 , There upon motion of Commissioner Smith
seconded by Commissioner Curtiss the following preamble and resolution was duly adopted viz:

Whereas it appears to this Board that the retail liquor business now and heretofore conducted

by George Zee (or his assigns) on the premises lot 12 block 16 of Clarks Las Vegas Townsite under

permit for retail liquor establishment granted by the City of Las Vegas on the 31st, day of



December, 1912, to the said George A Zee is and. has been a nuisance, a menace to public health
and detrimental to the peace and morals of the City of Las Vegas and the inhabitants thereof .

Now therefore belt resolved , that the permit for retail liquor Establishment heretofore
granted to the said George A. Zee as aforesaid, be and the same is hereby rescinded, revoked and
cancelled. The vote on said resolution was as follows: commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith,
aye, Smith aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. HawKins voting aye.

The question of revoking the permit of Anita Gonzales next coming on before the Board 
it was upon motion of commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Smith ordered that the
following preamble and resolution was duly adopted viz: Whereas, it appears to this Board that

the retail liquor business now conducted by Anita Gonzales on the premises lot 11 blocK 16

of ClarK's Las Vegas Townsite under permit for retail liquor establishment granted by the City

of Las Vegas on the 31st, day of December 1912. to the said Anita Gonzales is and has been a

nuisance, a menace to the public health and detrimental to the peace and morals of the City

of Las Vegas and the inhabitants thereof, Now therefore be it resolved that the permit for retail

liquor Establishment heretofore granted to the said Anita Gonzales as aforesaid be and the same

is hereby rescinded , revoked and cancelled. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit: