male person under the age of 21 years who habitually remains away from his home or place of
residence after the hour of nine o'clock P.M. without some lawful or necessary business or
other imperative duty or other good and sufficient reason or excuse for such absence from home
after such hour for his own amusement or pleasure without any legitimate reason for so doing,
frequents and passes his time in pool-rooms, billiard halls, card rooms, bowling alleys or
saloons or barroom, or without legitimate reason therefor, frequents or loiters around any
den, house or other place of vice, infamy or immorality where thieves or other persons of
ill-repute are known to congregate; or who at any hour of the night prowls about the town and
disturbs the peace and quiet of the neighborhood by loud or unnecessary noise, or committing
petty depredations, tricks or pranks upon the person or property of other people, or by obscene,

 abusive or insulting language or by any act of rowdyism whatever shall disturb or
annoy any passer-by, any lawful assemblage or person or the neighborhood, is a vagrant, and
guilty of vagrancy, and shall upon conviction thereof be punished accordingly.

2. Each and every person convicted under the provisions of this ordinance shall be punished

 by imprisonment in the city jail for any period of time not exceeding sixty days. All
male persons having the physical ability to do so when convicted of violation of this ordinance,
may be required to work upon the streets, public works, buildings and grounds of the said City
of Las Vegas, or of the buildings and ground of Clark County, which may be located within the
said City, and the police, sheriff or other person having such persons in charge while performing

 such work may employ any reasonable, humane and efficient means to prevent such prisoner

 from escaping from custody while being so employed.

4. For each and every days work done by any such person he shall receive credit of
two days time which shall be credited upon and deducted from his term of imprisonment.

5. If any imprisoned vagrant convicted under this ordinance shall refuse to work,
having physical ability so to do when required to so work, as in this ordinance so provided,
may as a punishment be compelled to "pack sand" or carry other material from place to place
or to perform other labor not unreasonable, inhuman or too burdensome, until he declares
himself willing to work and does work as required, or in lieu thereof he may in the discretion
of the police or officer be confined in his cell and be fed upon no other food except bread
and water, until he declares himself ready to work, but Doth methods of punishment for refusing

 to work shall in no case be inflicted upon the same person at the same time. In either
case of punishment for refusing to work as required, such prisoner shall have no credit upon
his term of imprisonment for such forced labor or solitary confinement.

6. It shall be the duty of the police during fair and reasonable weather, when the same
can be done without extra expense to the City, to procure employment for and set at work,
such convicted vagrants who are confined and serving out their term of imprisonment, and to
this end upon the application of the Commissioners of said City having charge and supervision
of the streets and alleys therein, and of the public property therein, or upon request of the
sheriff of Clark County, he shall deliver into the custody and charge of such person so making

 such application or request, and such prisoner as he may have in his custody, and any such
prisoner shall be returned by the person so receiving him in custody to the City Jail or
other place of detention to the police or other officer in charge thereof before the hour of
6 O'clock P.M. for safekeeping until again required for labor.

7. But persons having such prisoners in charge during the time they are so employed
on any public work in said city shall receive no extra compensation by reason of any extra
work or services rendered or accomplished by such prisoners.

8. Whereas; in as much as there is no ordinance of said City defining and providing for

the punishment of vagrants, an emergency is declared to exist, and this ordinance shall take