payment to him of the sum required for said retail liquor establishment, the vote beginning as
follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried it
was ordered by the Board that the application of Douglas and Pomeroy for a permission to conduct
a retail liquor license at the Colorado Hotel on First street in which the said Douglass sets forth
that he intends to take in said Pomeroy as a partner, it was ordered by said Board that said appli-
cation of Douglas and Pomrey be laid over until the 18th, day of December 1914 when this Board
will consider said application further. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:—
Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye.

Upon motion of Commissioners Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried
it was ordered by the Board that the applications of Joseph Gragalia and Tom Biama , and Andrino and
Webber for permission for a retail liquor license in the building known as the "Turf Saloon", be laid
laid over until the 18th, day of December 1914 , the vote upon said resolution being as follows
towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried it
was ordered by the Board that the application of Charles Haller for a retail liquor establishment
permit in the building known as the Oxford in the City of Las Vegas Nevada, be and the same is hereby
ordered laid over until the 18th. day of December 1914, to vote upon said resolution being as
follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the Mayor. W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly carried the

following resolution was duly adopted towit:- Resolved that the application of the Los Angeles

Brewing Company for permission to conduct a wholesale liquor establishment on Main in said City

of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the year beginning January 1st, 1915 and ending December 31st, 1915.

be and the same is hereby granted and the City Clerk is hereby ordered to issue a license to the said



Los Angeles Brewing Company upon the payment to him of the sum required for said whole sale liquor

establishment, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Curtiss, aye,

Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly carried

the following resolution was duly adopted towit:- Resolved that the application of the Ed W. Clark

Fordwarding Company for whole sale liquor license and establishment on Main street in said City

of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the year beginning January let, 1915, and ending December 31st, 1915. be

and the same is hereby granted and the City Clerk is hereby ordered to issue a license to the said



Ed. W. Clark Fordwarding Company upon the payment to him of the sum required for said whole-sale

liquor establishment, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Curtiss, aye, Smith,

aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board proposals for a dumping ground in said City
by Peter Buol, and W.J. Stewart, whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the
Board that this matter be laid over for future reference.

The question of appointing an successor to the office of Municipal Judge of said City Coming
on before the Board, said vacancy being caused by the Death of G.A. Case the duly appointed Municipal
Judge of said City, and the applications of Mr E. Hall and Henry M. Lillis having been read before
the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the said H.M. Lillis be and

he is hereby appointed to the office of Municipal Judge in and for Las Vegas City during the unexpired



term upon his filing a bond and taking the oath of office as prescribed by law, the vote on said resolution	  

	