Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nev.

November 5th, Las Vegas, Nevada,

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for their City of Las Vegas Nevada,
held on the 5th, day of November A.D. 1918. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor With Commissioners
Elwell Ball and Miller being present, with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned
until Thursday Morning at ten o'clock A.M. of said day November 7th, 1918.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, November 6th, 1918.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 6th day of November A.D. 1918. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners
Elwell, Ullom, Ball and Miller the City Clerk and City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada approved as appears more fully upon the claim
book on file in the office of the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, December 4th, 1918.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas

Nevada, held pursuant to adjournment Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners Ball Ullom

and Miller being present, with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.



All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of
this Board.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and

carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board.

