be issued to said G. Lopez by the City Clerk. Voting Commissioners Martin, Hodgens, Anderson and His
Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Frank Brickie Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and duly
carried, it was the order of the Board that the following proclamation by the Mayor Pro Tem be publish-
ed in the Age and the Review for the current weeK.

PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, the U.S. Government, thru its agency ,the U.S. Veterans' Bureau, under
District Manager, Louis T, Grant. has inaugurated a Clean-Up Campaign in which
government officials are touring the District, (California, Arizona, Nevada,) in an
effort to locate disabled men and women who contracted disabilities in their
country's service and who are not receiving the assistance to which they are
justly entitled, and, furthermore, to expedite the settlement of the claims of these
disabled veterans, and

Whereas, the U.S. Veterans' Bureau Clean-Up Squad will visit Las Vegas, Nev.
on Tues. Feb. 14, 1922 and will receive the claims of disabled veterans at

American Legion Club Rooms

I, Frank Brickie, Mayor Pro Tem of Las Vegas, now therefore proclaim Tues.

Feb. 14 as DISABLED VETERANS' DAY and call upon all loyal and grateful citizens
all civic and patriotic organizations, the press and the ministers of all churches to
co-operate to the fullest extent with the U.S. Veterans' Bureau in disseminating this
information as far and wide as possible and in seeking out and bringing before the
government officials on the date scheduled, all disabled men and woman in this district
who are not enjoying the privileges which have been provided for their benefit by the
people of a grateful nation.

(Signed ) Frank Brickie

Voting Commissioner Martin, Anderson, Hodgens, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Brickie Aye. Noes
none..

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time Ordinance No. 87 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
"An Ordinance to amend Sec. 1 of Ordinance No. 83 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance
to amend Ordinance No. 36 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance providing for the Issuance
of Plumbing and Sewer Connection permits, for the Inspection of Plumbing and Sewer Connections and
for the regulation and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas' by adding thereto a 
new section to be known as Section la, and by amending Section eight and Subdivision eighth of Section
eleven thereof," the same having been passed at the first reading on January 4th, 1922. The vote on
said ordinance stood as follows: Commissioner Hodgens, Martin, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem
Aye. Noes, none.

At this time Sewer and Light Commissioner Thomas R. Hodgens reported the placing of
three new street lights on North Seventh Street and Three new street lights on South Eighth Street.

Under the head of new business Mayor Pro Tem Frank Brickie made the following changes
in the positions of the various Commissioners.

Commissioner Thomas R. Hodgens was appointed Police and Fire Commissioner.

Commissioner Lou Martin was appointed Street Commissioner.

Commissioner H.N. Anderson was appointed Sewer and Light Commissioner.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, it was the
order of the Board that the office of City Marshall and Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas be, and the
same is hereby declared vacant, and it is the farther order of the Board that the retiring City Marshall
and Fire Chief be requested to tarn over to the Police and Fire Commissioner all property belonging
to the City of Las Vegas. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Brickie,
Aye. Noes, none. Not voting Commissioner Martin.

On motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and duly carried
it was the order of the Board that A.T. McCarter be, and he is hereby appointed to the office of City
Marshall and Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas, said appointment to take effect upon the filing and
approval by the Mayor Pro Tem of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00)
and upon his taking the required oath of office. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson and His Honor the
Mayor Pro Tem Frank Brickie, Aye. Noes, None, Commissioner Martin not voting.

At this time the resignation of Mayor Pro Tem Frank Brickie was presented, as follows;

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Feb. 1, 1922.

Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las V gas,

	Clark County, Nevada.

	Gentlemen: