shall and does constitute an additional offence, provided that the Chief of police may pro-
ceed t0 abate such nuisance at any time after the expiration of the period of notice above
provided for and the cost of such abatement shall be a charge against the person owning or
occupying the premises where such nuisance is maintained, to be recovered by action brought therefore in any court of competent jurisdiction. It necessary appearing and it being duly moved and
seconded and voted unanimousaly by all of the Board present this ordance was passed as an emergancy ordance The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board. After due consideration by the
Board it was upon motion of Commissioner McGovern, seconded by Commissioner Stewart and duly
carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read, and the Clerk instructed to
have the same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows: Von Tobel, Mayor
protem, aye; Coughlin, aye; Stewart, aye; McGovern, aye.

AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT GROSS INTOXICATION IN PUBLIC PLACES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Gross intoxication upon the public streets, or in hotels, saloons, stores or other pub-
lic places in the City of Las Vegas is hereby prohibited and any person found upon any public
street in said City or in any public place therein in a state of gross intoxication shall be
guilty of a violation of this ordinance, and upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by a
fine not exceeding one hundred ($100.00) dollars, or by imprisonment not exceeding six months
or by both such fine and imprisonment; and in case of default in the payment of any fine im-
posed for a violation of this ordinance it is hereby provided that the person upon whom such
fine shall be imposed shall be imprisoned for one day for each two ($2.00) dollars of such
fine and provided further that any person imprisoned for a violation of the provisions of
this ordinance may be compelled to work upon any public work in said City and whenever advis-
able a chain gang may be formed and worked. It necessary appearing and it being duly moved and duly
carried unamlnousaly carred by all present that this ordance be an emergancy ordance.

The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board. After due consideration by the

Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Stewart, seconded by Commissioner McGovern and duly
carried ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read, and the Clerk instructed
to have the same published as by law provided, the vote being east as follows: VonTobel Mayor
protem aye; Coughlin, aye; Stewart, aye; McGovern, aye.

ORDINANCE No. 8

ORDINANCE No. 9

AN ORDINANCE TO PROVIDE FOR THE RINGING OF A CURFEW BELL

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

It is hereby made the duty of the Chief of Police to provide that a curfew bell shall be
rung at 9:00 o'clock p. m. each and every day between June 1st, and September 1st, of each
year and at 8:00 o'clock p.m. of each and every day of the year other than those above men-
tioned, and upon the ringing thereof all children under the age of sixteen years shall be and remain off from the public streets of said city. The necessity appearing and it being duly moved and
seconded and voted unanimousaly by all members present this ordance was passed as an emergancey ordance

The foregoing ordinance was read in full before the Board. After due consideration by
the Board it was on motion of Commissioner McGovern, seconded by Commissioner Coughlin, and duly carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read, and the Clerk instructed to