 ORDINANCE NO. 11

AN ORDINANCE DEFINING AND PROHIBITING PETIT LARCENY.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain:

1. Every person who shall feloniously take, steal, and carry, lead or drive away the personal

 goods or property of another, under the value of Fifty Dollars shall be deemed guilty of
petit larceny and upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by imprisonment in the City Jail

of the City of Las Vegas, for any time not exceeding one hundred days, or by fine not exceeding

 two hundred and fifty dollars.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval.

Upon motion of Stewart, seconded by Coughlin, it was unanimously voted by the entire
Board that this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows:

Coughlin, aye; Von Tobel, aye; McGovern, aye; Stewart, aye; His Honor the Mayor Peter
Buol, aye.

Dated the 6th. day of September, 1911.

effect and be in force from and after its passage and approval by the Mayor.

The vote being cast as follows: Coughlin, aye; Von Tobel, aye; McGovern, aye; Stewart
aye. His honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye.

Dated this 6th. day of September, 1911.	

 ORDINANCE NO. 12

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE COLLECTION OF A DOG LICENSE OR TAX.

The City Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas do ordain:

1. That from and after the first day of October, 1911, there be and is hereby levied,
upon and against each and every dog, now in or which may hereafter come into the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, the following sums of money as license fees or taxes, viz:

For each male dog, two dollars.

For each female dog, five dollars.

Which said sums of money must be paid annually on the first day of October of each and
every year. For each dog coming or brought into the said City after the days fixed for the
payment and collection of such license fee and tax, there shall be collected a proportionate
portion of such license for the portion of the year remaining.

2.	That it is hereby made the duty of every person owning or keeping, entertaining or
harboring any dog or owning or keeping the premises whereon any dog makes its home or place
of residence to call upon and pay to the City Clerk and ex-officio License Collector of said
City, the license and tax herein before provided for and fixed and upon so paying said fee and
tax to the said official, he shall give to the person so paying, the same a receipt therefor

together with a metal tag bearing the legend "Dog Tax for-----(the current year) Paid, Las

Vegas, Nevada." which tags shall be consecutively numbered and record thereof kept by the
official distributing and issuing the same. And such tag shall be firmly affixed to a
leather or metal collar and constantly worn by the dog upon which the tax and license has

been paid.

Dated this 6th. day of September, 1911.