his name placed upon the official ballot unless such candidate shall, at least ten days before
the date of such election, file in the office of the City Clark of the City of Las Vegas a certificate 

of nomination in writing, containing the name of the person nominated, Such certificate shall
be signed and verified by the candidate seeking nomination and shall show that the nominee therein
possesses the qualifications as required by the City Charter. All provisions of the law relating
to general elections so far as the same can be made applicable, and not inconsistent with the
provisions of the City Charter shall be observed in conduct of such election.

Be it further resolved, that the Mayer of said City be and is hereby authorized and directed
to issue a Proclamation giving notice of the holding of such election , such proclamation to
contain the substance of this resolution and such other matters necessary or required to fully
and fairly appraise the qualified voters of the City of Las Vegas of the date, time place of
holding such election, the purpose thereof, the conditions under which the same is held, the name
of the Inspectors of such election, and such other matters as may be deemed proper in the premises.

Be it further resolved that such proclamation be published in the Las Vegas Age for a period
of at least four weeks from the date of said election, and printed copies of such Proclamation be
posted by the City Clerk in three public places in said City for the same period of time.

Be it further resolved that the City Clerk be and he is hereby authorized and directed to have
the official ballots prepaired and to do and perform all such acts and give such notices as may
be necessary or required of him in order that said election may be called and held, and the qualified
voters may have notice thereof. as required by the laws of the State of Nevada governing elections
as required by the provisions of the City Charter and this resolution. the vote on said resolution being 

as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and
his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the 15th day of March at 8:30 A.M. of said day
when said Board ill meet for the purpose of considering bids on cemetery building as heretofore
considered . the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye,
Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the question of reducing the Tax rate of said City coming on before the Board

and the Board having heretofore fixed said rate at seventy cents (70) on each one hundred dollars



worth of taxable property situated within the City limits of said City and it appearing to the Board
that the Nevada Tax Commission had ordered the rate changed and in the judgement of this Board
it is found that sixty cents (60) is sufficient it is there for Ordered upon motion of Commissioner
Curtiss and seconded by Commissioners Smith and duly carried ordered that said rate be and the same
is hereby reduced from seventy cents (70) on each one hundred dollars worth of property in said
City to sixty cents (60) on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property in said City to be
distributed amongst the various funds as follows towit:-	

Total Valuation of said City $1,077,226,75 dollars @ sixty cents (60) gives                    $6,463,36:
General fund of said City six cents on each one hundred dollars	646,34

Street fund of said City six cents on each one hundred dollars	1,723.56

Cemetery fund of said City six cents on each one hundred dollars	107,72

Sewer sinking fund of said City at 14 cents on each one hundred dollars	1,508,12

Sewer Bond interest fund of said City at cents on one hundred dollars                                2,477.62

Total	$6,463,36

1/4 of total amount of licensee collected to be placed in Fire and Police fund of said City.

of total amount of licensess collected to be placed in Salary of said City.

1/4 of total amount of licenses collected to be placed in light fund of said City.

the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye,
Smith, aye, Sullivan , aye, and his honor the Mayor. W.E. Hawkins voting aye.