Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada
April 11th, 1913.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada

held pursuant to an special call of the Mayor, Hon. Peter Buol. Present Hon. Peter Buol. Ed. Von

Tobel, Chas Mc McGovern, Coughlin, and Stewart, commissioners of said City, the Clerk thereupon

read the call and notice of said special meeting with affidavits attached , whereupon motion

duly made by Von Tobel and seconded by Stewart it was ordered that said Call and Notice be

spread in full upon the minutes of said meeting as follows towit

Las Vegas, Nevada April 10th, 1913.

To Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

You are hereby notified that I have called a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners 

of the City of Las Vegas to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 11th, day of
April 1913. at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. for the purposes of considering and acting upon
matters with relation to the special street improvements heretofore authorized and directed to
give notice of the time , place and objects of said meeting to the members of said Board of
Commissioners forthwith.

Peter Buol. Mayor.

Filed April 10th, A.D. 1913. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Las Vegas, Nevada April 10th, 1913.

To Ed. Von Tobel. Chas. McGovern, Stewart, Coughlin and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol.

Sirs:-

Your are hereby notified that the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada has this day issued
a call for a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to be
held at the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, on the 11th, day of April 1913.
at the hour of eighth o'clock P.M. for the purposes of considering and acting upon matters with
relation to the special street improvements heretofore authorized, and I have been
instructed by the Mayor to give this notice in accordance with said call.

SEAL	Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Filed April 10th, A.D. 1913. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

I, Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed and qualified and acting City Clerk in and for the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada do hereby certify that I made service
   of the above Notice on the aforesaid Commissioners, by mailing to each of them a copy

of the above described Notice, on this 10th, day of April A.D. 1913.

Witness my hand and seal of the City this 11th, day of April A.D. 1913.

Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Filed April 11th, A.D. 1913. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

After a through discussion upon the part of the Board an remarks by C.P. Squires upon
the subject relating to the improvements of the Streets of said City and the Board failing to
reach an understanding in the matter it was upon motion duly made and by Mc Govern and seconded
by McGovern and duly carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Saturday April 12th,

A.D. 1913. at eight o'clock P.M. the vote being as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye
McGovern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor peter Buol voting aye.