the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith, aye, Sullivan, aye,
Curtiss, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. HawKins voting aye.

Thereafter the said A.S. Henderson presented his official Bond in the sum of one thousand
dollars with Ed. W. Clark and C.C. Ronnow as sureties whereupon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and
seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried ordered that the bond of A.S. Henderson be and
the same is hereby approved, the vote on said, resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan , aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. HawKins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

July 1st. A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 1st day of July A.D. 1914. Present Hon. W.E HawKins Mayor. with commissioners
Curtiss, Sullivan, Griffith and E.E. smith, with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read, All claims against the City
allowed as appears upon claim of said City on file with the Clerk of said Board.

All reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time E.W. Griffith made a report to the Board relative to the purchase of certain
land owned by J.H. Ladd through which the extension of Fremont street passed through and recommended
to the Board that the sum of $250.00 be paid by said City to J.H. Ladd for said strip of land where-
upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried it was
ordered by the Board that the sum of of $250.00 be paid to the said J.H. Ladd for said strip of
ground upon his filing a good and sufficient deed to said City and abstract of title said deed to
be approved by the City Attorney of Las Vegas Nevada, and it was further ordered by the Board that
upon the filing of said deed the City Clerk be and is hereby ordered and instructed to draw the
war ent of said City for said land and to be paid by the City Treasurer out of the general fund
of said City of Las Vegas, Nevada. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commiss-
ioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

It appearing to the Board that the Cemetery fund is short and not enough money in said fund
to pay outstanding claim it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of
Ten dollars be and is hereby ordered transferred from the general fund of the City to the Cemetery
fund of said City,

Upon motion of commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner smith and duly carried
it was ordered by the Board that the ClerK of this Board be and is hereby instructed to notify said
Cemetery Committee that it is the desire of this Board that they do not contract any more claims
unless the funds are in said Cemetery fund as created by said City the vote being as follows
towit:- Commissioners, Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the
Mayor W.E. HawKins voting aye.



At this time the question of official grades being established around the school building in sal d
Came on before the Board and upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board

that Street Commissioner Griffith be and is hereby instructed to have said grades established for