The approval of assessment district No. 6 coming on before the Board and the City Assessor

being present with the members of the Board of City Commissioners and this being the time as set

by said Board for the equalizing of said assessment roll for Sidewalk district No. 6, and it

appearing to the Board that no written protest had been filed with said Board and no one appearing

in person to protest against said assessment and it further appearing to the Board that due written

notice has been given by the Clerk of this Board as by law provided it was then upon motion of
Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly Carried ordered that said special
assessment be and the same is hereby approved and the vote upon said resolution being as follows to

wit:— Commissioners Hicks aye, Ball aye, Elwell, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

It was then upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly
carried ordered that the County Tax collector and exoffico Tax Collector in and for the City of
Las Vegas Nevada, he and is hereby instructed to issue notice of said special assessment and for
the payment of the same forthwith. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Ball aye, Hicks, aye, Elwell aye, and his honor the Mayor WE. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the City Attorney H.M. Lillie presented to the Board an ordinance governing the
control and speed and rules and regulations of Autos in the City of Las Vegas Nevada, for the first
reading which was duly read before the Board whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the
Board it was ordered that this ordinance go over for the second reading of the Board in July.

It then appearing to the Board that the Cemetery fund is short and not enough money on hand to

pay for the drilling of said cemetery well it was then upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded
by Commissioner Ball and duly carried ordered that the sum of $750.00 be and the same is hereby

transferred from the general fund of the City of Las Vegas Nevada to the Cemetery fund of said City.

the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Ball aye, Elwell, aye, Hicks aye
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. noes none.

At this time Commissioner of Streets C.P. Ball notified his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins that on
account of the present conditions of his health ; that it would be impossible for him to continue
to perform the duties of Commissioner of streets and public property and asked that he be relieved
of his duties of said Commissioner of streets and public property, The Mayor then acting under the
provisions of section 16 of the City Charter of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, thereupon recalled
the appointment of C.P. Ball as Commissioner of Streets and Public property , and also recalled
to appointment of O.D. Hicks as Commissioner of Finance, the Mayor then appointed C.P. Ball as
Commissioner of Finance and Revenue and appointed O.D. Hicks as Commissioner of Streets and Public
Property.

This being the time set by the Board for the signing of the Contract and as heretofore let to
J.A. Delemater coming on before the Board for the construction of a concrete and cement sidewalk
on the East side of Main street in said City known as special assessment districts No. 5 and 6 of
said City and it appearing to the Board that the conditions of the contract are adjusted satisfactorily
to both parties the Mayor and City Clerk were then instructed upon motion of Commissioner Ball and

seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried to enter into said contract and sign the same upon
behalf of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, upon his filing a good and sufficient bond to be approved by
the Mayor of said City, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioner Ball aye.
Hicks, aye, Elwell aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Board then proceeded to take up the matter of the revoking of the saloon license issued
to one Carl Wasserbach in said City heretofore laid over by this Board, whereupon it appearing to
the Board that there was cause enough shown to this Board to justify the matter being brought before
the Board yet not enough of evidence to cause the Board to revoke the said license it was then
upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried ordered that
said charges heretofore filed against the said Carl Wasserbach be and the same are hereby dismissed,
the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Ball voting aye, Hicks, aye,
Elwell, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.