Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada August 16th, 1912.



At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. Present all members of the Board with the Mayor.

All claims for freight on sewer pipe for said City coming before the Board it was upon motion
duly made and carried ordered that said freight claims be allowed and charged against the said
sewer fund of said City. The question of ordering additional sewer pipe supplies for said sewer

system coming on before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the following 

supplies be ordered as follows towit from the Pacific Sewer pipe Company of Los Angeles

California.   22—8x4 T's    22jt. 4x4 in T's.  22 jt 4in.pipe.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until the next Wednesday August the 2lst, A.D. 1912. at 8o'clock P.M.

Las Vegas, Nevada August 21st, A.D. 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held August 21st, A.D. 1912. Present Hon Ed. Von Tobel. Mayor Protem and Commissioners McGovern
and Stewart, there being a quorum present the Board proceeded to take up all freight bill for
sewerage pipe and the passed as appears from the records now on file.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until the next Wednesday in August 28th, at 8o'clock P.M. 1912.

Las Vegas, Nevada August 28th, 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,



Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present the Mayor and all members of the Board.

The Board then proceeded to taKe up the fright bills for sewer pipe and other matters
relating there to all claims for fright allowed as appears from the records in said sewer matter
now on file in the office of the Clerk of this Board.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting of the Board the vote being cast as
follows towit:- Coughlin aye. Stewart aye, Mc Govern aye, von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor
Peter Buol, aye.