February 3rd, A.D. 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held on the 3rd, day of February A.D. 1915, present Hon. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor. With Commissioners
E.W. Griffith, E.E. Smith, and P.J. Sullivan. present. with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as appears more fully in Claim book on
file with the City Clark of said City.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time Mrs Frank A. Clark and Mrs C.M. McGovern a Committee representing the Mesquite
Club of said City appeared before the Board relative to making arrangements with said Board of
City Commissioners for the taking over of the old Court House quarters for Library purposes where-
upon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that this Matter be taken under
advisement and further that the Board will let said Committee known there opinion in the matter
before Friday February 5th 1915.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the application of Geo. Carlin for a transfer of
retail liquor licenses from Geo. Douglas in said City and situated in the Colorado Hotel Building
on first street in said City, whereupon it appearing to the satisfaction of the Board that Geo.

Carlin is a fit and proper person to have an retail liquor license issued to him and it farther
appearing to the Board that their has been a bonified sale and transfer made of said business it
was upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried
ordered that said transfer be and the same is hereby granted. the vote on said resolution being as
follows towit:— Commissioner Griffith, No. Smith, aye, Sullivan aye. and his honor the Mayor W.E
Hawkins voting aye.

This being the time set by the Board for the opening of bids on gravel for the streets in said City
as per Notice heretofore issued and published in the local papers and it appearing to the Board
that the Clerk has six bids on file it is therefore order d by the Board that the Clerk of said
Board proceed to open said bids, whereupon the Clerk the following bids towit:—

D.A. Potter	$1.90	per	cubic	yard

R.A. Ferguson	$1:85	per	cubic	yard

Wm Lauberheimer	$1.95	cubic yard.

A.L.J. Clark	$2.00	per	cubic	yard

A.F. Ferlin	$1.90	per	cubic	yard.

J.M.Heaton and C.A. French	$1.65	per	cubic	yard.

Whereupon it appearing to the Board that the Bid of J.M. Heaton and C.A. French is lowest and best
bid it was upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly carried
ordered that the Bid of J,M, Heaton and C.A. French be and the same is hereby accepted, and the
City Attorney is hereby instructed to draw up a contract with said parties on behalf of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Thereafter upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly
carried it was ordered by the Board that this Board stand adjourned until Thursday evening at 7:00
o'clock P.M. to take up the question of the old Court house building being turned over to the
ladies of the Mesquite of said City, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- 
Commissioners Griffith, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.