At this time John A. Russell appeared before the Board and made an orally request to said Board
for permission of the socialists party to use the room in the old City Hall for meeting purposes of
said party, whereupon the Board takes the sane under advisement and after due consideration it is
upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the following resolution be and the same is
hereby approved that ;whereas there has been a number of requests from different organizations of
the City of Las Vegas Nevada for the use of said room formerly occupied by the County Clerk of Clark
County Nevada, and whereas said room is now occupied by the Las Vegas Fire Department and Band and
the Mesquite Club of said City has been granted permission to establish a library in said room at
some future date it is hereby resolved that permission be and is hereby refused to any and all
organizations or societies other than is hereby ail ready granted for the use of said room, the vote
upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye,
Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor WE. Hawkins voting aye. noes. None.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

December 1st, 1915.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 1st day of December A.D. 1915. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor and Commissioners
Elwell, Matzdorf, Ball and Hicks.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the
Clerk of this Board except the claim of Adolph Levy for the sum of $19.45 which was referred to the
Sewer Commissioners for investigation.

At this time a Committee from the Mesquite Club appeared before the Board of City Commissioners
consisting of Mrs C.P. Squires, Mrs Frank Clark and Mrs U.W. Beckley requesting the Board for
financial aid for the purpose of starting a library in said City, whereupon the Board after taking the
same under advisement lays said matter over until the next meeting of the Board with instructions
that the said matter be referred to the City attorney H.M. Lillis as to what fund if any that said
City could raise money for assisting said library and report same back to this Board at its next
regular meeting.



At this time the Clerk read before the Board an Ordinance amending an Ordinance of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada relative to licenses for the second reading, whereupon after due consideration
upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and duly seconded by Commiss-
ioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that said ordinance be passed as by charter provided and
that the City Clerk be and is hereby instructed to have said ordinance printed for one issue in the
Clark County Review as appears more fully under ordinance number 62 in ordinance book one of said
City, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Elwell, No. Matzdorf
yes. Ball yes. Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the following applications for renewal of retail liquor
license for the year 1916, Peter Callan situated on Main street in said City in what is known as
the Lincoln Hotel, D. Pecetto situated on Main street in what is known as the Union Hotel in said
City, Hotel Nevada Mining Company situated on Fremont and Main street in said City in what is known