Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor
voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board at this time it was upon motion being duly
made and carried ordered that this Board adjourned

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

January 20th, A.D. 1914.

At a special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.
by the Mayor of said City on the above mentioned date roll called and the following members answered
present, Commissioners Curtiss, Griffith, Smith, Sullivan, and his honor the Mayor.

The Clerk then read the Call before the Board as follows towit:-

Call for special meeting.

To Harley A. Harmon. City Clerk.

I, Hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 20th day of January, 1914. at the hour of one
o'clock P.M. of said day, to consider and act upon matters touching and concerning Ordinance No.

33 of the City of Las Vegas and all ordinances or parts of Ordinances amendatory thereof or
supplemental thereto, and to consider violations of said ordinance or ordinances and to take such
action as may be necessary relative to such violations . And you are hereby directed to give
proper notices in writing to the members of the Board of City Commissioners and to each of them
and to make due return of such service. Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 19th, day of January,

1914.	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

The Clerk then reported to the Board that upon the receipt of said notice he then made personal
service of the following Notice upon each and every member of the Board of City Commissioners in
the following form towit:-	Notice of special meeting of Board.

"To E.E. Smith, P.J. Sullivan, J.B. Curtiss, E.W. Griffith, and W.E. Hawkins.

Your hereby notified, that pursuant to a call issued by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas
there will be held at the office of the City Clerk a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners 

on Tuesday the 20th, day of January, 1914. at the hour of one o'clock P.M. of said
day to consider and act upon matters touching and concerning ordinance No. 33. of the City of
Las Vegas and all ordinances or parts of Ordinances amendatory thereof or supplemental thereto.
and to consider violations of said ordinance or ordinances and to take such action as may be
necessary relative to such violations, And you are hereby notified and requested to be present
at said meeting. Dated at Las Vegas Nevada this 19th, day of January, 1914.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk of City of Las Vegas.

Due service of copy of the foregoing notice is hereby admitted this 19th, day of January, 1914.
W.E. Hawkins, E.W. Griffith, P.J. Sullivan, J.B. Curtiss, E.E. smith.

The ClerK then read before the Board his affidavit of service as follows towit:-

I Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed and qualified and acting City Clerk in and for the
City of Las Vegas Nevada do hereby certify that made personal service upon each of the said
Commissioners of the above entitled Notice as by law provided.

Witness my hand and seal of the city this 20th, day of January A.D. 1914.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.