and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

An ordinance to prevent Minors from Frequenting Saloons and Disreputable places, in the
City of Las Vegas was then read before the Board for second reading it was after due consideration
upon the part of the Board and upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried
ordered that said ordinance be passed as read, as appears more fully in ordinance book of said
City. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Stewart aye, McGovern aye, and Von

Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye.

At this time the question of abolishing the paid fire department in and for the City of
Las Vegas Coming on before the Board, it was after due consideration ordered that the following

be adopted: Whereas, The City of Las Vegas is paying each member of said fire department



of said City the sum of two dollars for each and every fire attended, and one dollar for attending one
meeting each month, and the further sum of three dollars to each captain attending a fire and the
further sum of two dollars to each captain attending the regular monthly meeting, and, Whereas,
it appears to this Board that it is to the best interest of the City to abandoned said paid system
and place said fire Department upon a voluntary basis it is upon motion of Stewart and seconded
by McGovern and duly carried, Ordered that the above resolution be passed, With the following
exceptions that the Chief be allowed the sum of Five dollars for each fire attended, the vote
being cast as follows towlt:- Coughlin, No, Stewart aye, McGovern aye, Von Tobel, No, and his
honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye.



At this time a ordinance regulating and prohibiting displays in moving pictures shows
was read before the Board, after due consideration upon the part of the Board, and the necessity

 appearing to the Board that an emergency existed it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded
by Stewart ordered that this ordinance be passed as an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast
as follows towit:- Coughlin aye, Stewart aye, McGovern aye, von Tobel, aye, and his honor the
Mayor Peter Buol voting aye, as appears more fully in ordinance book one of said City under
ordinance No. 28 of said City. Board adjourned until the next regular, meeting in May, l912.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

May 1st, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment, Present Hon. Peter Buol. Mayor and Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin,
McGovern, & Von Tobel, with City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of Officers and conditions of funds read before the Board and approved as read.

At this time the Las Vegas Land and water Company filed its acceptance to the permit
granted by the City Counsel at its meeting of March 26th, 1912. as follows towit:- To The non.
Board of Commissioners City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada. " Las Vegas Land and
Water Company, a corporation, hereby accepts the license and permission to construct and maintain

 for its private use and benefit a line of poles, wires and appurtenances for the transmission

 of electricity for light and power and for telephone and telegraph purposes along