Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that said request be and the same
is hereby granted, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Elwell, aye,

Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Ladies of the Cemetery Commission appeared before the Board and took up the matter
of getting water for the Cemetery in said City, whereupon after due and general discussion upon the
part of the Ladies of said Commission and the members of the Board it was ordered that this matter
be laid over until the 18th of this month at ten o'clock A.M. of said day when this Board would
adjourn and take up the matter more fully with the said ladies of said Commission, in the mean time
it would give the Board an chance to look into the question more fully.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and
duly seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until
Saturday the 18th day of March A.D. 1916. at ten o'clock A.M. of said day. the vote on said resolution 

being as follows towit:- Commissioner Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, March 11th, 1916.

At a regular called special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, by the Mayor of said City, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor. With commissioners Matzdorf,

Elwell, Ball and Hicks present with the Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the Clerk read in full the call as issued by the Mayor W.E. Hawkins .

To Harley A. Harmon City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.	Las Vegas, Nev, March 9th, 16.

You are hereby notified that I have called a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners

of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to be held on the 11th day of March A.D. 1916 at ten o'clock A.M.

of said day in the office of the City Clerk , for the purpose of considering and the passing of an

emergency ordinance relative to the muzzling and keeping of all dogs within the said City of Las

Vegas, Nevada, from off the streets of said City.

And you are hereby directed to give no tice to each member of said Board of the time and place

and object of said meeting.

Dated this 9th day of March A.D. 1916.	W.E. Hawkins

Mayor of said City.

Thereupon the Clerk read the call as sent out by him to each of said members of said Board as follows
towit:— Messers. F.E. Matzdorf, W.H Elwell, C.P. Ball and O.D. Hicks.

Las Vegas, Nevada. March 9th, 1916.

Dear Sirs:-

This is to notify you that there will be a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to be held on the 11th day of March A.D. 1916, at the hour of ten
o'clock A.M. as issued by the Mayor of said City for the purpose of taking up and passing an ordinance
relative to the muzzling and keeping of all dogs off of the City streets in the said City of Las Vegas
Nevada.

Your earnestly requested to be present on said date and hour as this is a matter of great
importance do to the development of " Rabies" in our midst. the above notice is issued upon special

request of the Mayor of said City.

In Witness whereof, I have hereunto at my hand and seal of the City this 9th day of March

A.D. 1916.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

The Board than took up the question of rabies existing in the City of Las Vegas Nevada, that