upon, on motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Martin, it was the order of the
Board that the Clerk issue a gaming license to said applicant. Voting, Commissioners Brickie,
Anderson, Hodgens, and Martin, and His Honor the Mayor, William C. German Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the clerk presented the application of James Germain for a gaming
license in the City of Las Vegas, the same having been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner
Martin. Upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, it was the order of the



Board that the clerk issue a gaming license to said applicant. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Anderson,
Hodgens, Martin, and His Honor the Mayor, William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the clerk presented the Application of J.H. Morgan and R.H. Bay for a gaming
license in the City of Las Vegas, the same having been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner
Martin. Thereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by
Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried that the clerk issue a gaming license to said applicant.

Voting Commissioners Brickie, Anderson, Hodgens, Martin, and His Honor the Mayor, William C. German,

Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the clerk presented the application of Albert James for a gaming license in
the City of Las Vegas, the same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Martin. There-
upon, it was the order of the Board that the Clerk issue a license to said applicant. Moved by Com-
missioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried. Voting Commissioners Brickie
Anderson, Hodgens ,Martin and His Honor the Mayor, William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of E.S. Sheppard for a gaming license in
the City of Las Vegas. the same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Martin. Thereupon
it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens
and daly carried that the clerk issue a gaming license to said applicant. Voting, Commissioners
Brickie, Anderson, Hodgens, and Martin, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

	At this time there was presented to the Board a deed of Conveyance from the Las Vegas

and and Water Company, granting to the City of Las Vegas, and the County of Clark, jointly, upon
the payment of One Dollar, certain lands hereinafter described, for special purposes and upon
certain conditions, hereinafter set forth.

Upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie, the following
Preambles and Resolution were daly adopted:

WHEREAS Las Vegas Land & Water Company has tendered to the City of Las Vegas and to
the County of Clark a joint deed of 31.510 acres of land, for use as an agricultural
fair grounds, park, aviation field and automobile parking ground for the accommoda-
tion of the traveling public and purposes incident thereto, for the consideration
of One Dollar, such deed bearing date the 22nd day of December, 1921, being made by
said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, as grantor, and the said County of Clark and
the said City of Las Vegas, as grantees therein; the land offered to be so conveyed
being more particularly described as: Commencing at a point 80 ft. N. 28 degrees 13' E.
from the N.E. corner of Block 33 at its intersection with Stewart and Fifth Street
as shown on Map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and running thence N. 61 degrees 47' W.

1060 ft; thence N. 28 degrees 13' E. 960 ft; thence N. 54 degress 47' E. 447.2 ft;
thence S. 61 degrees 47' E. 860 ft; thence S. 29 degrees 13' W. 1360 ft. to the
place of beginning excepting and excluding therefrom .667 acres in conflict with
Back's Addition and comprising a net area of 31.510 acres exclusive of said con-
flict; said land being situate in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada,
and

WHEREAS IT is greatly to the interests of the City of Las Vegas to accept the same
for the purposes aforesaid and subject to the terms and conditions of said deed,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IS RESOLVED, that the Board of Commissioners, of said City of
Las Vegas, on behalf of said City of Las Vegas, do hereby accept said deed of con-
veyance of said land under said terms and conditions and the whole thereof as set
forth in said deed, and it is hereby ordered and directed that the sum of One
Dollar ( $1.00) be paid to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, grantor, as provided
in said deed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this Board does hereby tender to said Las Vegas Land &

Water Company and it s officials the sincere thanks for the generous donation made
to this city for civic purposes, and the Clerk of this Board is hereby directed
to deliver to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, a certified copy of this reso-
lution.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Martin, Hodgens,

Brickie, Anderson and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes None.