ance and present the same to the Board at their next regular meeting for consideration by the
Board.

The question of increase of salary of the Cemetery sexton coming on before the Board
whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the salary of the Cemetery Sex-
be increased to a sum not to exceed the sum of One Hundred Dollars per month, to take effect for
the month of April, 1920 and to be paid as other claims against the city are paid.

At this time the Clerk presented the following application for gaming licenses:

S. D. Moto, D. Pecetto, Pilar Santa Cruz, H. A. Goodwin & J. E. Markwell, copartners, C. R. Aguirre
Al. James, Gilmore, Speillenberg & Hordan, corpartners and F. J. Pearce, whereupon motion being
duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that the above applications be approved and the
city Clerk be hereby instructed to issue the licenses for conducting said gaming licenses in the
city of Las Vegas for the quarter ending June 30. 1920.

The Clerk then presented to the Board an ordinance for the second reading entitled, "An
Ordinance creating a Board of Health for the City of Las Vegas," whereupon motion of Commissioner
Conklin and seconded by Commissioner Pembroke and duly carried it was ordered that said ordinance
be approved as appears more fully in Ordinance Book One of the City of Las Vegas under Ordinance
No. 78. The vote upon said resolution being as follows, to-wit: Commissioner Conklin, aye,
Commissioner Martin, aye, Commissioner Pembroke, aye and his Honor the Mayor voting aye, noes none.

At this time the question of a Mayor pro tem coming on before the board, it was upon
motion duly made and carried ordered that Howard Conklin be elected as Mayor pro tem for the city
of Las Vegas as by the charter provided. The vote upon said resolution being as follows, to-wit:
Commissioner, Conklin, aye, Commissioner Martin, aye, Commissioner Pembroke, aye and his Honor
the Mayor, W. E. Ferron voting aye.

There being no farther business before the board it was ordered that this board stand
adjourned until the next regular meeting.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAs, NEVADA.

May 5, 1920.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 5th day of May, 1920
Present Hon. W. E. Ferron, Mayor, Commissioner Pembroke and Commissioner Conklin with the Clerk and
City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the city allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board Ordinance No. 79 for the first reading "An
Ordinance to Amend Section Two of Ordinance No. 74 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance
to A, end Section seven of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the purpose of
regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried
on within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of
license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment
for carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1,
2,4, 12 and 35; approved December 3, 1913, and amended December 13, 1915 by Ordinance No. 62 of the
City of Las Vegas, and by adding thereto a new section to be known as Section Six' by adding thereto
a new sub-division numbered 44 providing a license on slot machines." Whereupon motion duly made and
carried it was ordered that said Ordinance be laid over until the next regular meeting for second
reading.

The Clerk then presented to the Board Ordinance No. 80 for the first time, "An Ordinance