OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEV.

Las Vegas, Nev. Oct. 6, 1960. 

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 6th day of October,
1920. Present, Hon. W. E. Ferron, Mayor with Commissioners C. E. Pembroke, Lou Martin and Howard Conk-
lin and the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the city allowed .

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

The Clerk then presented the following applications for gameing licenses:

H. Goodwin	Fremont Street

James Germain	Northern Hotel.

Fred J. Pearce	Adam Kramer Bldg.

Fred J. Pearce	Las Vegas, Hotel.

Cletto Aguirre	Colorado Hotel.

L. R. Skinner	Nevada Hotel.

Santa Cruz	Old Turf Saloon

G. Lopez	Telephone Bldg.

It was thereupon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the above applications
be allowed except the application of G. Lopez and that the application of G. Lopez be treated separately.
Said resolution carried.

The application of G. Lopez was then presented to the Board and upon motion of C. E. Pembroke 

and seconded by W.E. Ferron it was ordered that the application of G. Lopez be granted. Conklin
voting no, Martin, yes, Pembroke yes, and Ferron yes, and the Clerk is hereby authorized to issue a
license to the said G. Lopez.

C. L. Connelly appeared before the Board regarding the speeding of automobiles on Fremont
Street whereupon the same was referred to the Fire and Police Commissioner.

Upon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that all printing for the city be
given to the Las Vegas Age.

The question of allowing the Night Policeman a certain amount of money to feed his horse
which he uses in police work was presented to the Board and it was duly ordered that the night policeman
be allowed the sum of $15.00 per month until the further order of this Board.

The Clerk then presented the proposition of Mr. Uppdyke for an application to handle the
garbage of Las Vegas and it was ordered that this matter be held over until the next meeting of the Board
and the City Attorney is hereby directed to draw up an Ordinance governing the same.

The City Attorney then presented to the Board a notice for an intended side walk on Third
Street Clerk was instructed to post said notices as by law provided and it was ordered that when this
Board adjourned it would adjourn until Monday October 25, 1920 at 2 o'clock p. m. to hear any and all
complaints or protests that may be filed against said proposed street work.

The Board then took up the matter of building a side walk on the West side of Third St. in
accordance with a petition filed with the Clerk and presented to the Board, whereupon Street Commiss-
ioner Martin reported to the board the estimate expense of building said side walk, which report was
ordered to be filed with the Clerk of this Board. Upon motion of Commissioner Martin and seconded by
Commissioner Pembroke it was resolved that the plats and diagrams of the proposed side wake improve-
ment as attached to said petition be and the same is hereby adopted by the Board, as the plats and dia-
grams of the work and of the locality to be improved and that such plats and diagrams be filed with the
City Clerk for public examination, whereupon the vote upon said resolution was as follows, to-wit:
Commissioner Conklin, Pembroke, Martin and his Honor the Mayor voting aye, noes none. The City Attorney 

then presented to the Board a form of notice and the location of the proposed improvement of said
district whereupon motion of Commissioner Martin and seconded by Commissioner Conklin the following
resolution was duly adopted - "Resolve that the City Clerk be and he is hereby authorized and directed
to execute the notice in the form prepared and presented by the City Attorney for the proposed side
walk improvement on the west side of Third St., such notice containing a notice of intention to make
such improvement location of the improvements and the portion of such work to be paid by special assess-