Office of the City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada, February 2nd, 1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 2nd day of February A.D .1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, With City
Commissioners, C.P. Ball, F.E. Matzdorf, 0.D. Hicks, and W.H. Elwell.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of City Treasurer and Municipal Judge read and approved as read, no report from the
City on account of his being absent from the City.

All claims against the City were allowed and ordered paid by said Board as appears more fully
from the files on file with the Clerk of this Board, except the claim of M.B. Lawrence in the sum
$12.37 which was laid over for investigation and report by the City Clerk upon his return*

A petition from the tax payers residing and owning property abutting on the East side of Main
Street from its intersection with Stewart street to the intersection with Garcia Street was received
and read and the following resolution was adopted on the matter, " Resolved that the City Street
Commissioner be, and he is hereby ordered to make or cause to be made estimates of the expenses of
Constructing a sidewalk on the East side Side of Main street from the North line of the sidewalk
on the Stewart Street Southerly to the south Line of the Sidewalk on Garcia Street, in accordance
with the provisions and requests of the said petitioners, and providing for the cost of such
construction to he made by a special assessment to the full extent provided by Charter , and
the balance of the cost, if any to be stood and born by the City of Las Vegas Nevada and make or
cause to be made and file such plats and diagrams together with the estimated cost, with the
City Clerk for public examination. upon the vote being taken on the above resolution the following
vote was recorded. Commissioners 0.D. Hicks, aye, F.E. Matzdorf, aye, W.H. Elwell, aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye, Commissioner C.P. Ball being absent.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was order d that the following resolution be adopted, 

Resolved " That the City Attorney be, and he is hereby ordered to draft and present at the next
Regular meeting of the Board proper Ordinances providing for the construction of a sidewalk on
the East side of Main street, in accordance with the provisions and requests of said petitioners
and providing for the cost of said construction to be made by special assessment to the full extent
providing by charter , and the balance of the cost , if any, to be stood and borne by the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, the vote was cast for the above resolution towit:— Commissioners 0.D. Hicks aye.
F.E. Matzdorf, aye, W.H. Elwell, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye, Commissioner
C.P. Ball being absent and not voting.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried

At this time a communication was read from the Parker Brown Auto concern of Goldfield regarding the
sale of a fire and chemical engine , and after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was
duly carried and ordered that the Clerk be instructed to place said letter on file and take up with
the Reo people of Reno and other concerns the matter of fire trucks and chemicals for said City.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next meet of the Board.