by adding thereto a new section to be known as Section la, and by amending Section eight and Sub-

division eighth of Section eleven thereof." Voting: Commissioners Brickie and Hodgens and his honor



the Mayor Pro Tem Chas. Ireland, aye. Noes, None. that this ordinance be passed for the second time.

At this time ordinance No. 86 entitled: "An Ordinance to amend section six ( 6) and to repeal
Section seven (7) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An ordinance regulating
travel and Traffic upon the public Streets of the City of Las Vegas Nevada." was read for the
first time upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens and seconded by Commissioner Bricke and duly carr-
ied it was passed until the second reading. Voting Commissioners Brickie and Hodgens and his honor
the Mayor pro tem Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk read for the second time ordinance No. 85 entitled: "An Ordinance to
regulate the construction, reconstruction, moving, alteration, maintenance use and occupancy of
dwellings in the City of Las Vegas, and to provide penalties for the violation thereof". Whereupon
it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Brickie seconded by Commissioner Hodgens
and duly carried that this ordinance be passed. Voting Commissioners Hodgens and Brickie and his
honor the Mayor pro tem Chas. Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time Harley A. Harmon appeared before the Board in the interest of the Federated
Crafts, who asked for permission to use the streets of the City of Las Vegas for a Labor Day Cele-
bration. Whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens and seconded
by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried that this Board grant the Federated Crafts the use of the
streets during their Labor Day celebration, subject to the supervision of the Police and Fire Com-
missioner. Voting Commissioners Brickie and Hodgens and his honor the Mayor pro tem Chas. Ireland,
aye. Noes none.

At this time it appearing to the Board that there is no further business before the Board
it was upon motion duly made and carried that this Board stand adjourned until the 17th of August
1921, at the hoar of 3 o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, AUGUST 17th, 1921.

At a regular appointed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 17th day of August, A.D. 1921, at the hoar of three o'clock P.M.

Present: Mayor Chas. Ireland, with members Commissioner Brickie and Commissioner Hodgens, also
the City Attorney and Clerk Pro tem.

All bills presented were allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk, except
the Bill of the Standard oil Co. for $115.14, which was held up for further check; and the bill of
the Golden Rule Cafe in the amount of $40.80 for feeding city prisoners, and it was found upon in-
vestigation of Police & Fire Commissioner Hodgens that the Criminal Register on file only itemized
$4.40 for meals for city prisoners, therefore that was the amount allowed. The Clerk was ordered
to make said warrant in the amount of $4.40 of the Golden Rule Cafe in the name of Sam Gay, Sheriff
as an attachment had been placed on moneys due said Cafe, while under the management of Mr. Kolez,
and said Sheriff would pay said $4.40 on said attachment.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

At this time the resignation of Chas. Ireland, as commissioner of the fourth class was duly
accepted.