Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

January 5th, 1916.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the above mentioned date, present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with City Commissioners
W.H. Elwell, F.E. Matzdorf, O.D. Hicks and C.P. Ball, with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas allowed except the claim of Al. Levy for sewer work

upon the ground that the same was not a legal charge against said City, as reported to the Board

by the Sewer Commissioner. W.H. Elwell. The claim of M.M. Riley was held up pending his paying of
his City license.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board that M.M. Riley had failed to pay hit

City license as by law provided and that J.H. Woodward, had also failed to pay his insurance license

whereupon motion Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried it was

Ordered by the Board that the City Clerk serve notice upon said parties that unless they payed said

license forthwith that legal action shall be taken against them for the collection of the same. the
vote being as follows, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Matzdorf, aye, Hicks, aye, and the Mayor voting aye.

At this time F.E. Matzdorf called the attention of the Board to the effect by written notice

that he had appointed Frank A. Waite as special officer during the winter months on account of the
great number of traveling hobos through the City, whereupon after due consideration upon the part
of the Board it was upon motion Commissioner Ball and duly seconded and carried by Commissioner
Elwell it was ordered that said appointment be and the same is hereby approved.

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner Matzdorf filed with the Board a request for permit
to build a building an lets 17 and 18 in block 18 of said City by W.J. Woodard and it appearing
from said application that said permitting building is to comply with the fire ordinance and building,
ordinance of said City it was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Hicks and
duly carried ordered that said permit be issued so long as said building complies with said City
ordinance regarding buildings, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commission-
ers Ball aye, Matzdorf, aye, Hicks, aye, Elwell, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye.

At this time a Committee of ladies from the Civic league appeared before the Board and notified
said Board to the effect that Dr Roy W. Martin had failed to connect up his property occupied
by the poor farm of said City, as by law provided whereupon after due consideration upon the
part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Hicks
and duly carried ordered that the City Clerk notify said Dr Roy Martin to comply with said City
ordnances regarding the connection of sewers, and to also cover up any open vaults or proves that
he may have on said premises. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye.

It was further ordered by the Board that the Clerk of this Board notify said ladies and members
of said Committee that they had never granted to the said Roy W. Martin any special permit to not
put in as ewer system on said premises owned and operated by him as the Clark County poor farm.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board communication from Vincent Mattucutt requesting
the	Board for permission to operate a retail liquor saloon in block 16 of said City whereupon after

due	consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that the Clerk of this Board be and is

hereby instructed to notify said Mattecuii that under the liquor ordinance of said City it was
impossible to grant hie wish in said matter.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the sum of fifty dollars be and

the same is hereby ordered transferred from the general fund of said City to the Cemetery fund of

said City.