Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada
April 1st, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, County of Clark, held on the 1st, day of April A.D. 1914. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins
Mayor, E.E. Griffith, J.B. Curtiss, and Commissioners Sullivan, Commissioner E.E. Smith being
absent minutes of the last regular and adjourned meetings read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read, all claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada
allowed as per claim book on filed with the Clerk of this Board.

At this G.A. Case Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas Nevada appeared before the
Board and asked for a leave of absence for a term of three or four weeks whereupon motion
being duly made and carried it was ordered that said request be granted and that the City Clerk
be and is hereby instructed to notify Justice of the peace H.M. Lillis to act in his stead
during the absence of the said Municipal Judge G.A. Case.

At this time the Ladles composed of the Cemetery Committee appeared before the Board and

made and verbal report of the Condition of the Cemetery matter and asked the Board for an



sum of $200.00 to be devoted to the Cemetery fund whereupon motion being duly made and carried it
was ordered that the sum of $200.00 be and the same is hereby transferred to the cemetery fund
out of the general fund of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the application of John Medine for a retail
liquor establishment in block 16 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada whereupon motion by Commiss-
ioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioners Curtiss and duly carried it was ordered that said

application be denied upon the ground that their is a sufficient number of saloon licenses



issued for the year 1914 in said block 16 as has been so declared by this Board at an previous
meeting of said Board, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- commissioner
Griffith, aye, Commissioner, Curtiss, aye, Commissioner, Sullivan No., and his honor the
Mayor voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the application of Alonzo Snipes and Fred Davidson

for	a retail saloon license in block 16 of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, whereupon motion

by Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried it was ordered
that said application be denied upon the grounds that their are a sufficient number of retail
saloon licenses issued for the year 1914 in said block as has been so declared by this Board at
an previous meeting of said Board, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:
Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan No. and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the application of John F. Miller and Al James for

a retail liquor license on ground floor of the Nevada Hotel Mining Company's building corner

of Fremont and Main street in said City, whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was
ordered that said application be denied upon the grounds that their are a sufficient number of
retail saloon licenses issued for the year 1914 in the City of Las Vegas Nevada. the vote upon
said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners, Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan
aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.



The Clerk then read a letter from J.H. Ladd of the City of Las Vegas Nevada requesting the
Board the pay for certain land that the City streets of the City of Las Vegas pass over at the
present time setting forth that the said City had failed compensate him for use of said street
whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the Clerk of this Boar be and
is hereby instructed to write to said J.H. Ladd and ascertain his proposition in the matter.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a petition for a sidewalk on the East side
of First street between the street of Fremont to Stewart street in said City whereupon motion