and is hereby created and that W. E. Ferron be elected Chairman and that the Clerk Harley A.

Harmon be elected Clerk of said Health Board.

At this time it appearing to the Board that Dr. Roy W. Martin, the newly appointed
Health Officer had taken his oath of office as per Ordinance provided. The said physician then
presented to the Board the following set of Rales and Regulations governing health conditions
in said city:

"Rules and Regulations of the Board of Health of City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Rule 1. No prostitute shall be permitted to ply her trade, as such, within the limits
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, until she shall have first secured from the Local
Health Officer of the City of Las Vegas, appointed by the Mayor, as by Ordinance pro-
vided a certificate to the effect that she is free from a venereal disease of any kind.

Rule 2. Each prostitute within the City of Las Vegas, plying her trade as such, shall
submit to an examination by said Local Health Officer at least once each week, for the
purpose of having determined by said Local Health Officer whether or not she is affected
with a venereal disease.

Rule 3. Said Local Health Officer shall be entitled to charge and collect from each in-
dividual so examined a sum of not to exceed Two Dollars ($2.00) for each examination,
which charge shall include the cost of the certificate provided to be given by these rules.
Rule 4. Upon submission for examination as by these rales provided, and upon payment of
said fee for examination, said Local Health Officer shall, after making such examination
issue to each person so examined a certificate in writing, which certificate shall state
upon the face thereof whether or not such person, so examined, is or is not affected with a
venereal disease or diseases, and the nature of such disease, if any, the name of the per-
son examined and the date of such examination.

Rule 5. Each prostitute shall at all times keep posted in a conspicuous place in the room
occupied by her and used in her trade as such the certificate for the current week, as
above provided for, and shall at all times display such certificate to said Local Health
Officer or to any peace officer within said City of Las Vegas upon request.

Rule 6. No prostitute within the City of Las Vegas shall ply her trade, as such, so long
as she shall remain affected with a venereal disease.

Rule 7. The examination herein provided for shall be made by or under the direction of
such Local Health Officer by the use of approved methods, subject to the control and direct-
ion of the Board of Health of the City of Las Vegas; and it is provided that no charge shall
be made against the City of Las Vegas or expense incurred on it's behalf in making such
examinations without the previous authorization of said Board of Health.

Rule 8. These rules shall go into effect immediately and remain in force and effect until
modified, altered, amended or repealed by said Board of Health.	

Rule 9. The rules shall not be construed to legalize prostitution of interfere with or
conflict with any existing Ordinance of said City.

Bale 10. A violation of these rules by any person affected thereby shall be considered as
constituting disorderly conduct.

Let a copy of these rules and regulations be posted in each house of prostitution in the
Redlight District of the City of Las Vegas.

The foregoing Rules and Regulations were adopted by the BOARD OF HEALTH of the City of Las
Vegas on Tuesday, May 11, 1920.

Roy W. Martin

City Health Officer."

whereupon motion of Commissioner Pembroke and seconded by Commissioner Martin it was duly ordered
and carried that the above rales and regulations be and the same are hereby approved. The vote
upon said resolution being as follows: Commissioner Conklin, aye, Commissioner Pembroke aye
Commissioner Martin, aye and his Hon. the Mayor, W. E. Ferron, voting aye. Noes none.

There being not further business before the Board as a Health Board it was then upon
motion being duly made and carried ordered that the Health Board adjourn and that said board
meeting as a Board of City Commissioners.

The Board then proceeded to take up any matters coming on before it.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board of City Commissioners the application of James
German and L. R. Skinner for a gaming license to conduct a gaming house in a building known as
the Northern Hotel on Fremont Street in the City of Las Vegas for the quarter ending June 30, 1920,
whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said application be and the same
is hereby approved and that the clerk of this board be and he is hereby ordered and directed to
issue a license to the above named parties for said quarter ending June 30	1920.

There being no further business before the Board it was ordered that this Board stand
adjourned.