This being the time set by the Board for the hearing of the Thomas Department Store for a retail
permit to sell liquor in the City of of Las Vegas Nevada, and the same having been read to the
Board in full by the Clerk it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Mc Govern and duly carried

ordered that said permit be granted subject to ordinance No. 33 of said City, the vote being as
follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Mc Govern aye, and his honor the  Mayor protem voting aye.

This being the time set by the Board for the fixing of the tax rate for the year 1913 and
the same coming on before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that this
matter go over until Wednesday February 19th. A.D. 1913.

The claim of Robert Schaffer of the Charlestoon Hotel for the sum of five dollars for replacing
plaster and damages down said Hotel building during the constructing of the sewer system in said
City Coming on before the Board it was ordered that this matter be laid over until the Wednesday
meeting of the Board February 19th, A.D. 1913. for further information from the American Light
and Water company.

At this time the Committee and members of the Chamber of Commerce having in charge the question
of grading the streets in the said City of Las Vegas through there committee reported progress
with a request that more time be granted them, whereupon motion duly made and carried it was
ordered by the Board that said request be granted.

At this time the question of settling with the American Light and Water Company the firm that
constructed the sewer system for said City Coming on before the Board and it appearing to the
satisfaction of the Board that all claims against said sewer system have been paid and
that there is a balance of $249.71 to be divided between the American Light and Water Company
and the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, said Company to receive half an the City of Las Vegas to receive
half, or in other words the City Clerk is hereby instructed to draw the City's warrant for the
sum of $147.37 in favor of the American Light and Water Company as final settlement on said sewer
system, it was then upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that
said claim of 147.37 dollars be allowed, the vote being as follows towit:- Stewart, aye,

McGovern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

At this time the Clerk of the Board called the attention of the Board to the fact that said
sewer fund was short in the amount of $98.46 owening to said City paying and allowing warrants
on said fund that belong to the general fund of the City, and that to meet the above claim it
would be necessary to transfer to above stated sum to the sewer fund of the City, whereupon
Motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Stewart it was ordered that the sum of 98.46 be transferred
from the general fund of the City to the Sewer fund of the City, the same being carried with
the following vote, towit:- Stewart aye, Mc Govern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

At this time the City Attorney called to the attention of the part that part of the statutes
relating to the auditing of the City books whereupon motion duly made and carried it was ordered
that the Finance Commissioner have said Books of the City of Las Vegas Audited as by law provided

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until next Wednesday February 19th, A.D. 1913. to take
up any and all matters that may come before it.