"Washington, D.C.,

October 17, 1921.

File E.

Projects, Cal. (#258)

Southern California Edison Co.

The Mayor,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir:

The Southern California Edison Company, Edison Building,

Los Angeles, California, has filed application covering power
projects on Colorado River and tributaries from a point in
Pyramid Canyon about 12 miles north of Mohave City, Arizona, to
a point on the Colorado River about five miles east of the
Arizona-Nevada state line and to a point on Virgin River about
fourteen miles above its mouth.

Any objections to or comments on this proposed project
should be addressed to this Commission not later than December
22,1921.

Very truly yours,

O.C. Merrill, Executive Secretary."

Whereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Com. Hodgens, seconded by Com. Brickie, and
duly carried, that the Clerk be and she is hereby instructed to notify said Power Board

in regard to this matter	as follows:

"In the matter of the communication of the Federal
Power Board, it was resolved that the communication
be answered, acknowledging receipt and stating that
the City of Las Vegas, through its Mayor and Com-
missioners, has no objection to the application of
the Southern California Edison Company covering the
proposed power development on the Colorado River;
provided, that if the application of the Southern
California Edison Co. be accepted that the said
applicant be compelled to start work on said power
project within one year, and that when so completed
the rights of the State of Nevada be fully guaranteed,
in that the said state be allowed preferential rates
and the rates for power so charged be subject to su-
pervision by the Nevada Railroad Commission."

Voting Commissioners Brickie, Anderson, Martin and Hodgens and His Honor the Mayor, William C. Ger-
man, aye. Noes none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication:

"Las Vegas, Nevada, Nov. 2, 1921.

Clerk of City Commissioners
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Deaf Sir:

I wish to call attention to the growing need of sewers
in the Hawkins-Buck and Fairview Additions, Please ask the
City Council to appoint a committee to investigate this argent
matter and report back to your honorable body.

Very truly yours,

Elbert Howard."

Whereupon, this matter was referred to Finance Commissioner Brickie and Sewer & Light Commissioner
Hodgens, with instructions to make an investigation of ways and means and to report at the next reg- 
meeting of the Board.

At this time, the Plumbing Inspector L.R. Hilkie and local plumbers, Messrs. R.E. Rock-
well, A. G. Hard, Owen Halpin and L.L. French, being present, a general discussion of existing
differences took place, whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens and duly carried, it was the order of the Board that farther action on this matter be
laid over for thirty days or until the next regular meeting of the Board. Voting Commissioners
Brickie, Anderson, Martin and Hodgens, and His Honor, the Mayor William C. German aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was moved by
Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Martin and duly carried, that the Board stand ad-
journed until the next regular meeting to be held on the 7th day of December, A.D. 1921, at the
hour of eight o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Anderson, Martin and Hodgens and His
Honor the Mayor, William C. German aye. Noes none.