ting Commissioners Brickie, Martin and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor Chas.Ireland, aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of Cleto Aguirre for a gaming license in the
City of Las Vegas. The same having been approved by Police & Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens
Whereupon it was ordered on motion of Commissioner Brickie seconded by Commissioner Anderson and duly car-
ried, that the Gaming license be issued to said applicant. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Anderson
and Martin, and His Honor the Mayor Chas.Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of Albert James for a gaming license in the 
City of Las Vegas, the same having been approved by Police & Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens.
Whereupon, it was ordered on motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Anderson and duly
carried, that the gaming license be issued to said applicant. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Ander-
son and Martin, and His Honor the Mayor Chas.Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time upon motion duly made and carried, it was the order of the Board to adjourn until
Tuesday, October 18, 1921, at the hoar of three o'clock P.M.

The meeting re-convened October 18, 1921, at three o'clock. Present: His Honor the Mayor,

William C. German, with Commissioners Brickie, Martin and Anderson, together with the City Attorney
and City Clerk, Commissioner Hodgens being absent.

At this time the Clerk read a communication from R.E. Tilden of Winnemucca, Nevada, Upon motion of
Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie this was ordered placed on file for reference.
Voting Commissioners Brickie Martin and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor Wm. C. German aye. Noes none.

It appearing to the Board that there are differences existing between the Sewer and Plumbing
Inspector L.R. Hilkie and the local plumbers it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commission-
er Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie that the Sewer Inspector and local plumbers appear at
the next regular meeting of the Board for the purpose of attempting to reach a settlement of certain
differences existing between them. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Martin and Anderson, and His Honor
the Mayor Wm. C. German aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Martin. seconded by Commissioner Brickie, it was the order of the
Board that until further ordered, the regular monthly meetings of the Board of City Commissioners



of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall hereafter be held on the first Wednesday of each month, at
the hour of eight o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Martin, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor
Wm. C. German aye. Noes none.

Thereupon Mayor German announced the following appointments:

Commissioner Harry N. Anderson was appointed Street Commissioner.

Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens was appointed Water, Sewer & Light Commissioner.

Commissioner Lon Martin was appointed Police & Fire Commissioner.

Commissioner Frank Brickie, was re-appointed Finance Commissioner.

Thereupon upon motion of Commissioner Martin seconded by Commissioner Brickie it was the order
of the Board that A.T. McCarter be removed as City Marshall and Fire Chief, Voting Commissioners
Brickie, Martin, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor Wm. C. German, aye. Noes none.

Thereupon the office of City Marshall and Fire Chief was declared vacant, and upon motion of
Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie, Arthur Busch was appointed to the position of
City Marshall and Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, said appointment to take effect upon
his taking the oath of office and filing a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1,000.00 and upon
the approval of said bond by Mayor William C. German. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Martin and
Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, Wm. C. German aye. Noes none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried that the
Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held on the second day of November, A.D. 1921, at the
hour of eight o'clock P.M.