Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, August 2nd, 1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 2nd day of August 1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, and Commissioners
W.H. Elwell and O.D. Hicks with the City Clerk and City Attorney present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the
Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time the Clark read before the Board the resignation of W.H. Harkins as Municipal Judge
in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada, the same to take affect at once, whereupon after due
consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by
   Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that said resignation be and the same is hereby
accepted, the vote upon said motion being as follows towit:- Commissioners Elwell, aye, Hicks aye,
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clark then at this time read before the Board the applications of A.F. Ham, F.W. Rector,

H. Stebene as applicants for the office of Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, where-
upon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Hicks
and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that F.W. Rector be and is hereby
appointed to the office of Municipal Judge in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada, at a salary of
Twenty five dollars per month, same to take effect upon his filing a good and sufficient bond in the
sum of Tow thou sand dollars and taking his oath of office and the approval of said Bond by the
Mayor of said City W.E. Hawkins. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners
Elwell aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

It was further ordered by the Board that the City Clerk be instructed to notify W.H. Hawkins
Municipal Judge tof of the approval of his resignation and to instruct him to turn over any and all
supplies that he may have in his possession belonging to the City of Las Vegas Nevada to his successor
F.W. Rector upon his bond and oath of office being approved by the Mayor of said City.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas Nevada, August 25th, 1916.

At a specially called meeting of the Board of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, called by the Mayor of said City Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with
Commissioners W.H. Elwell, C.P. Ball and F.E. Matzdorf, with the Clerk and City
Attorney present.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the Special call of the Mayor for said special
meeting as follows towit:-	Las Vegas Nevada, August 23rd, 1916.

To Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada. Dear Sir:-

This will be your authority to issue a call for a special meeting of the Board of City Comm-
issioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada for the purpose of making payments on sidewalk on Main