Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

July 4th, 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the above mentioned date present all members of the Board. At this time it was upon motion
being duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Ten O'clock A.M. of July
5th A.D. 19l7.	

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.



July 5th, A.D. 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment from July 4th, 1917. at ten O'clock Am. of said day Present Hon.

W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, W.H. Elwell, and J.M. Ullom. with the Clerk
and City Attorney, commissioner Ball being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las egas, Nevada allowed per claim book on file with the Clerk.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the sum of Three hundred dollars
be and the same is hereby ordered transferred from the General fund of the City to the Cemetery
fund of said City.

At this time it was ordered that that part of the minutes relating to the salary of the City
policeman of June 5th, be amended so as to read $150 dollars instead of $125.00.

The salary of the Cemetery sexton coming on before the Board it was after due consideration
of the Board ordered that the Salary of the Cemetery Sexton be and the same is hereby ordered to
be the sum of $75.00 per month instead of $50.00 per month as heretofore granted, and that the
matter of hiring said cemetery sexton be and the same is hereby delegated to the Cemetery Board
of said City.

The petition from the Barbers of said City requesting the Board to regulate the Hours of
closing of Barber Shops in said City it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that
said request be and the same is hereby ordered laid oh the table.

This being the time set for the reading of the ordinance granting to the Standard Oil Company
the right and privilege to erect storage tanks on Main street in said City for the second time
coming on before the Board it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board upon motion
of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that this
matter be laid over until the next regular meeting of said Board. the vote upon said motion being
as follows towit; Commissioner Matzdorf , aye, Elwell aye, Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes None.