the Fire and police Commissioner in connection with the Fire Chief H.M. Lillis be and are hereby
authorized to make the necessary repairs and improvements for the same.

At this time L.J. Connelly appeared before the Board asking for permission to lay water pipes
on and through Carson, Bridger, and Fremont Streets and Alleys in Bucks addition to Clarks Las Vegas
townsite, and after due consideration upon the part of the Board said permit was granted with the
understanding that he the said Connelly furnish the commissioners with a Map of said request and
place the same on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a letter from U.R. Smith of Las Vegas agreeing the
replace the street signs in said City to the number of Two hundred for the sum of $225.00 where-
upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that this matter be laid over fo
the present*

There being no further business before the Boar d it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board unless
called together sooner by the Mayor of said City.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada. April 13,17

At a regular called special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, Held on the 13th day of April, 1917. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with
Commissioners, Matzdorf, Farnsworth, Elwell, and Ball being present.

The Clerk then read the call for said Special meeting to the Board as follows towit;

To Parley A. Harmon, City Clerk	April 11th, 1917.

Las Vegas, Nevada.

This will be your authority to issue a call for a special meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the purpose of making arrangements for a Holiday
in said City of Las Vegas, Nevada to be known as Patorit Day, said meeting to be held at ten o'clock
A.M on the morning of April 13th day, A.D. 1917. in the office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada
Witness my hand this 11th, day of April A.D. 1917.

Filed April 11th, 1917. Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

The Clerk then read the call as issued by him as follows towit;.

Las Vegas, Nevada, April 11th, 1917.

To Messers. F.E. Matzdorf, David
Farnsworth, W.E. Elwell, C.P. Ball
Sirs;

This is to notify you that there will be and special meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held on the 13th day of April A.D. 1917.
in the office of the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the purpose of setting aside
a certain day to be known as Patorit day in said City, at the hour of ten O'clock A.M. of said day
you are earnestly requested to be present on said day.

In Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal of this City of Las Vegas. Nevada
this 11th day of April A.D. 1917.

Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

(seal).

At this time the Mayor stated to the Board the object of said meeting setting forth the fact
that said meeting was called for the purpose of making the necessary arrangements for a holiday to
be ,known as Patorit day in said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, E.W. Griffith appeared before the Board
and stated that in his opinion said day should be declared, John F, Miller spoke in behalf of said

day and urged said Board to also point two committees one for the purpose of holding said celebration

and one committee for the purpose of organizing a H