copy of this resolution."

The necessity appearing to the Board and it being duly moved and seconded and voted unanimously

 by all of the Board present this ordinance was introduced and passed as an emergency ordinance.

The vote being cast as follows towit:- Motion by Von Tobel, and seconded by Mc Govern
the vote being cast as follows, Von Tobel, aye, McGovern, aye, W.J. Stewart, aye, and his
Honor, the Mayor voting aye.	There being no further business before the Board it was upon

motion of Stewart and seconded by Mc Govern and duly carried that the Board adjourn untill the
next regular meeting in October.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

October 4th, 1911.

At a regular meeting of he Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
held October 4th, A.D. 1911.	Present Hon. Peter Buol, Mayor Commissioner Stewart, Coughlin,

Von Tobel, and Chas. McGovern. Roll called all answered present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read aloud to the Board and approved as read,

This being the time at by the Board for the opening of Bids for City printing per an order
of he Board at its last regular meeting, The Clerk at this time presented the following affidavits

 the Printer to show that said Bid had been advertised as by law provided,

Notice for sealed Proposals for	Affidavit of Publication.

All City Printing.	Chas c. Corkhill being first duly sworn, deposes and

Notice is hereby given that pursuant	says; that he is a citizen of the United states, over the

to an order made by the Board of	age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the

City Commissioners at a regular	Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper of general

meeting held Sept, 6th, 1911. sealed	circulation printed and 	published at Las Vegas, Clark County

bids for all City Printing, this to	Nevada, and that the Notice of Bids for all City Printing

include such printing as the City	of which the Attached is a true copy, was published in

Commissioners are authorized by law to	aid paper five consecutive issues, on the following dates

order will be received by the Clerk	towit, Sept, 9, 16, 23, and 30, 1911.

of said Board up to October, 4th, 1911	Chas C. Corkhill.

at 7 o'clock P.M. The Board reserves the	Subscribed and sworn to before me this 40th, day of

right to reject any and all Bids.	October, A.D. 1911.

Witness my hand and seal of the

City this 6th, day of Sept, A.D. 1911.	Harley A. Harmon,

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon,	City Clerk.

City Clerk and Ex-Offico Clerk of the
Board of City Commissioners Las vegas
Nevada, First Publication Sept, 6th,

1911.

The Clerk then proceeded to open the sealed Bids of the Las Vegas Age, and the Clark County
Review, after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was unanimously voted by the entire
Board that the Bid of the Clark County Review was the lowest, and it was ordered that the printing
contract for the$$$$ life of this Board be awarded to the Clark County Review, the vote being
cast as follows towit:- Motion by Mc Govern and seconded by Coughlin, McGovern aye, Coughlin, aye,
Stewart, aye, von Tobel, aye, and His Honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye,

The following communication was then read before the Board, " To the Hon, Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, Gentlemen:- We, as the firm of J.&. L. Holcomb

proprietors of the Colorado Hotel situated on lot 10, in block 15, in Clarks Las Vegas Townsite
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do petition you as the proper authorities to cause the discontinuation

 of a nuisance (a noise) caused by the exhaust of a gasoline engine in the rear of the
Butcher shop, conducted by J.J. Lefurgey. This noise spoken of has caused several of our guests
to leave the Hotel. It is next to impossible for anyone to sleep after the engine in question have
been started; or while it is running. We beg you to take such action as will cause a speedy
discontinuation of the nuisance.	Respectfully, J&L. Holcomb. per L.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion by McGovern and