Clerk in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada do hereby certify that I made personal service
of the above notice on the aforesaid commissioners, by handing them personally a copy of the
aforesaid notice of said special meeting, on this 15th, day of April A.D. 1913.

Witness my hand and seal of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada this 15th, day of April
A.D. 1913.	Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Filed April 15th, A.D. 1913.

The Board then took up the question of which the meeting was called for, Commissioners Von

Tobel then reported to the Board that E.W. Griffith President of the Chamber of Commerce of the

City of Las Vegas, Nevada requested him to make the following report to the Board regarding the

hauling and delivery of gravel from Arden Nevada to Las Vegas, Nevada for use upon the streets of

said City, that after a personal talk with the representatives of said Railroad Company that they

had promised Mr E.W. Griffith that they the railroad Company charge the City of



las Vegas Nevada for transportation on said gravel from Arden Gravel pit to Las Vegas the sum of thirty five

cents per ton and that the City advance to said Company the sum of 150.00 Dollars for the installing

and completion of a spur in said gravel pit at Arden Nevada. Whereupon Motion of Von Tobel and

seconded by Stewart the following resolution was adopted , be it resolved that the City of Las

Vegas Nevada does accept the proposition of the salt Lake R.R. Company of 35 cents per ton for



transporting gravel from Arden Gravel pit Nevada to Las Vegas Nevada,	 and be it further resolved that the

City Clerk be and is hereby authorized and directed to draw the city's warrant in the sum of $150.00

to pay for the city's proportion of installing and completing the spur track at Arden
Gravel pit. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Stewart, aye Von Tobel. aye
and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol Voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned untill the next meeting of the Board or unless called together

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

April 19th, A.D. 1913.



At a special called meeting by the Mayor of said City for the purposes of acting upon the Wardie
addition, Present HOn. Peter Buol. Mayor and Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern, and
Von Tobel present, there being a quorum present the Mayor then ordered the Clerk to read the call
as follows:		Las Vegas, Nevada, April 18th, 1913.

To Harley A. Harmon Clerk.

You are hereby notified that I have this day called a special meeting of the Board of City

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to be held at the office of the city Clerk on the 19th,

day of April 1913. at eight o'clocK P.M. for the purpose of considering and action upon



matter with relation to the Wardie addition to the City of Las Vegas and you are hereby authorized

and directed to give notice of the time and place and object of said meeting to the members of
said Board of City Commissioners forthwith.	Signed Peter Buol. Mayor.

Filed this 18th, day of April A.D. 1931. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Las Vegas, Nevada, April 18th, 1913

To Commissioners Ed Von Tobel, Chas McGovern, J.J. Coughlin and W.J. Stewart of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada. 	Sirs:- This is to notify you that subject to a special call of the Mayor

Peter Buol of said City of las Vegas Nevada there will be held a special meeting of the Board
of City Commissioners of said City on the 19th, day of April 1913. at the hour of eight o'clock
in the office of the City Clerk for the purpose of considering and passing upon the admittance

and legality of Wardie addition to the City of Las Vegas, Witness my hand and seal of the