The question of collection an examination fee from the denizen of the red light District
coming on before the Board, it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board, upon motion
duly made and carried ordered that the City Attorney is hereby instructed to notify Dr Roy W. Martin
to discontinue the collection of said fee until authorized so to do by this Board. The vote being
cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor
the Mayor Peter Buol. aye.

The question of transfer of all moneys belonging to the City of Las Vegas, now in the hands
of the County of Clark Coming on before the Board, it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered
that the County Commissioners of Clark County are hereby requested to apportion to the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, such monies now in the hands of Clark County to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
as per section 32 of the Act of the State of Nevada establishing the City of Las Vegas, approved
March 16, 1911. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern
aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol aye.

Las Vegas, Nevada, March 20th, A.D. 1912.

Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held at the office of the City Clerk, on the 16th, day of March. A.D. 1912. at the hour of
eight o'clock. P.M. Upon calling the roll the following officers and members were found to be
present, viz; ED. Von Tobel. Mayor Protem Commissioners W.J. Stewart, Chas. McGovern, and J.J.

Coughlin. and City Clerk Harmon, the Clerk thereupon read the call and Notice for this special
meeting and the same together with certificates of service of said notice ordered spread upon the
minutes of this meeting.

Las Vegas, Nevada. Call for special meeting of
the Board.	To Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Dear Sir:-

In the absence of the Mayor from this City I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of 
City Commissioners, to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the l6th, day of March. A.D. 1912. at
at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. for the purpose of considering the reported action of the San
Pedro , Los Angeles, and Salt Lake R.R.Co. in erecting poles and stringing wires in the streets of
the City of Las Vegas without procuring the consent of the said City so to do, and at such meeting
to provide for such investigation and for the taking of such action relative thereto as may by said
Board be deemed necessary and advisable. You will please make and serve notice of such meeting