adopted." In the matter of the proposed improvement of Main street by constructing a sidewalk on the
east side thereof from the inter section of Main street and Garces street northerly to Stewart Street
coming on regularly for action it was found that Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas placed
Blocks No's Two. (2) and Three (3) of Clarks Las Vegas Townsite in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the
fire limits of said City; and Ordinance No. 47 declares that all of the sidewalks constructed in the
Fire limits shall be ten feet wide in front of the property if the lot is vacant , and fifteen feet
wide if the let has a building erected thereon, In the proposed improvement of Main street by the
Construction of a sidewalk on the east aide thereof it will be necessary to construct the said side-
walk ten feet wide in front of blocks Numbered Two (2) and three (3) and five feet wide in front of
Blocks numbered 1, 4, 5, 6, 7 & 8. It will therefore cost Double the amount of money to construct the
sidewalk in front of a lot in block 2&3 than it will in Blocks No's 1, 4, 5, 6, 7, & 8. If the Special
assessment is made on the basis of frontage then the owners of lots in Blocks 1, 4, 5, 6, 7, & 8. would
have to bear a pro tata share of the expenses of constructing the extra five feet in width of the
sidewalk required to be constructed in front of said Blocks No. Two (2) and Three (3) and make an un-
equal assessment if the District proposed to be improved was placed in one special Assessment.

Therefore be it resolved that two special assessment districts be and they are hereby created out of 
the lots , pieces or parcels of land abutting on Main street, from its intersection with Garces
Street to its intersection with Stewart Street, to be known and designated as follows towit:

Special Assessment District Number Five (5) to comprise all of the lots, pieces or parcels of land
abutting on said Main street, in blocks Numbered One (1) Four (4) Five (5) six (6) Seven (7) and
Eight (8). Special assessment District No. 6. to comprise all of the lots pieces or parcels of
land abutting on Main street, in block numbered Two (2) and Three (3). And the City attorney is
hereby directed and authorized to prepare and present to this Board Notice of Intention of this Board
to improve Main street in both of said districts as prayed for in the petition of the property owners
praying for said improvement , the vote on the above resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioner
Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There upon the City Attorney presented to the Board the Notice of intention for sidewalk District
No. 5, as follows which was read to the Board in full as follows towit:— " Notice of Intention of
the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada to
order improvement of Main street by constructing Cement concrete Sidewalk on the East side of said
Street. Notice is hereby given that it is the intention of the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, to order the following sidewalk work to be
done in said City towit:— That a cement , concrete sidewalk shall be constructed along the east
side of Main street, in Clarks Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark
State of Nevada, commencing at the inter section of Main street with Garces Street and running then
Northerly along the east side of said Main street to its intersection with Stewart street, excepting
all of the lots, pieces or parcels of land contained in Blocks Numbered Two (2) and Three (3) and
lots Fourteen (14) , Fifteen (15) and sixteen (16) in block number Four (4) lots one (1) Two (2)
three (3) Four (4) and the north eighteen (18) feet of lot five (5) in block Number (5) and lots
thirteen (13) fourteen 14) and fifteen (15) in block number Six (6). Said sidewalk shall be constructed
in accordance with the provisions of Ordinance Number Forty seven (47) of the City of Las Vegas, An
Ordinance entitled " An Ordinance establishing official grades of lots, streets, alleys , avenues,
publics places, sewers and other grades in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and of the City of Las Vegas
and regulating the construction of sidewalks therein and other matters relating thereto," and in
accordance with the petition , plat and estimate of the cost of said work on file in the office of the
City Clerk. Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of the ground fronting on
the east side of said Main street and abutting upon said improvement, and shall be collected by
special assessment and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots and premises abutting upon said
improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage.	The cost and expenses of said improvement 

shall include the cost of Surveys, plans, assessments, cost of construction and all fees and