Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada

Las Vegas, Nevada, August 7th, 18.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners Ullom and Elwell, the City Clerk and City
Attorney being present.

At this time the question of making certain transfers from certain funds came on before the
Board and it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of Five hundred dollars
be transferred from the Police fund of the City to the General fund of the City.

It was further ordered that the sum of Four Hundred dollars be transferred from the Light fund
of the City to the Cemetery Fund of said City.

It was further ordered by the Board that the sum of Four Hundred dollars be transferred from the
Salary fund of the City to the General fund of the City.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the application of H.S. Mc Queen for a transfer of a retail
liquor license heretofore held by O.E. Burnett for the Squires Hotel situated on First street in said
City and it appearing from said application that a bonified sale had taken place wherein the said
Mc Queen had purchased the business of the said O.E. Burnett it was upon motion of Commissioner Ullom
and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that said transfer be and the same is
hereby granted said license to be in the name of H.S. MC Queen. the vote upon said resolution being
as follows towit; Commissioners Ullom aye, Elwell aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye. Nones none.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board unless called
together sooner by the Mayor of said City.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada. August 12th, 1918.

At a regularly special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City
of Las Vegas Nevada, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners Ball, Ullom, Elwell and
John F. Miller being present, At this time the Mayor stated to the Board the object of said specially
called meeting and requested the Clerk to read said call which was as follows towit;

To Harley A. Harmon City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada. August 8th, 1918. Dear Sir;

This is to notify you that I, W.E. Hawkins, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, hereby
order and direct that a special meeting be held by the Board of City Commissioners on Monday the
12th, day of August, 1918, at eight o'clock P.M. at the Court house in said City.

Said meeting is for the purpose of taking up matters with the County Counsel of Defense relative
to War.

This will be your authority to notify said Commissioners of said meeting.

Very truly yours.

Filed August 8th, 1918. Harley A. Harmon Clerk.	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor

There upon the Clerk read the notice as sent out by him to the Commissioners of said call as
follows towit; To Commissioners C.P. Ball. John F. Miller, W.H. Elwell, and J.M. Ullom Sirs;

This is to notify that by a special call of the Mayor of said City of Las Vegas, Nevada there
will be a special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners on the 12th day of August A.D.
1918. at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. of said day for the purpose of taking up certain important
matters relating to the War, and you are earnestly requested to be present on said day at said meeting

Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Filed August 8th, 1918. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

