

the Clerk of this Board to attend the paying of all labor by the American Light and Water Company
for service rendered in the construction of said sewer system, It was then upon motion of
Commissioner Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried ordered that the Clerk of this
Board is hereby instructed and ordered to be in attendance with the agent of the American Light
and water Company when he pays off the men employed in the construction of said sewer system
the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye, Von Tobel
aye, and his honor the Mayor peter Buol. aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion of Mc Govern and
seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that the Board adjourn until Wednesday the 18th
at 8 o'clocK P.M. the vote being cast as follows towit. Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern
aye von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada
September 18th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to adjournment Present commissioners Stewart, Mc Govern , Von Tobel
and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol.

All freight Bills and claims against the sewer fund of the City allowed as appears from the
records now on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time Robert Schaffer appeared before the Board and presented the following petition
to the Board. " To the Board of City Commissioners , Las Vegas, Nevada, Gentlemen: Whereas,

The streets of the City of Las Vegas are and have been for a long time in an undesirable and
unbusiness like condition preventing, impending and delaying traffic: further, the condition
is unsanitary and causes the accumulation of filth. Therefore It is resolved that we, the
undersigned, as petitioners your body to remedy this condition both by grading and oiling said
streets at the earliest possible time. followed by 17 signers and residences of said City.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and
by Von Tobel and duly carried ordered that said petition be referred to the Commissioner of
Streets with instruction that he ascertain the cost of oiling and grading and report back to
the Board as near as possible the cost of said worK. the vote being cast as follows towit:-
Stewart aye. Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye. and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol aye.

At this time a committee composed of the Retail liquor dealers of the City of Las Vegas



appeared before the Board protesting against section 9 and the last half of section ten the whole



of sections 13 and 15, requesting of the Board that they take such steps to modify said ordinance
setting up as a defence that the aforesaid sections of ordinance No. 33 discriminated against
them. after through discussion upon the part of the Board and persons of the retail liquors
dealers it was upon motion duly made and and carried ordered that said complaint be laid
over until next Wednesday September 25th, A.D. 1912.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion duly made and
carried ordered that this Board adjourn until Wednesday September 25th. 1912. at 8 o'clock
P.M..