by the City Clerk thereof over the seal of said City and shall have attached and appended
thereto, interest coupons which shall be the promise of said City of Las Vegas to pay the
amounts therein specified in gold coin of the present standard of weight and fineness at the
semi-annual time therein mentioned.

Section 4. And to the end that such bonds may legally be made, executed and issued by
the said City of Las Vegas, the said City Commissioners thereof does hereby ordain that an
election be and is hereby called to be held in the said City of Las Vegas on the 10th. day of
October, 1911 and at such election there shall be submitted to the qualified electors of
said City the question "Shall the City of Las Vegas issue sewerage bonds to the sum and extent
of $40,000.00?" which question so to be voted upon shall be placed upon the ballot in the form
provided by paragraph 5 of Section 31 of Chapter 132 of the Statutes of Nevada passed at the
session of 1911 and which Chapter was approved by the Governor on March 16, 1911.

Section 5. And be it further ordained: That notice of holding of such election be given
to the public by advertising the holding thereof in the newspapers commonly known and called
the Las Vegas Age and the Clark county Review both whereof are published in the City of Las Vegas,
for the period of four weeks and by posting notice thereof in at least three public places in
said City for at least four weeks prior to the holding of such election. Such notice to be
so drawn and drafted that their contents shall advise those who may read them of the time, place
and purpose of holding the election therein specified.

Section 6. And the Municipal Judge is hereby directed to forthwith open books of registration

 and register all electors, competent and qualified to vote at the election by this ordinance

 called to be held, and such books of registration are to be kept and held open by the said
municipal judge until 6:00 o'clock P. M. of the 11th. day next proceeding the day upon which
the election provided for by this ordinance is to be held.

Section 7. And E. Fenner and John W. Tuck and George Swadener are hereby chosen and designated

 and appointed by the said City Commissioners to act as inspectors at such election so-
called as aforesaid, and they shall, and are hereby authorized to select and appoint two
competent and qualified persons to act as clerks at such election.

Read the first time September 6, 1911

Read the second time, September 6, 1911.

Passed and adopted by the following vote on the question; "Shall the foregoing become the
by-law and ordinance of the City of Las Vegas?" Commissioner Coughlin voting yes; Commissioner
McGovern voting yes; Commissioner Stewart voting yes; commissioner Von Tobel voting yes; his
Honor the Mayor voting yes, and by virtue thereof the said ordinance and by-law is passed and
carried.

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, Clerk	Peter Buol, Mayor

September 6, 1911.

And whereas, the said Board of Commissioners by a motion duly made, seconded and carried
unanimously and duly entered on the minutes of said meeting, ordered that under and by virtue
of the authority vested in them by Chapter 132 of the laws of the state of Nevada passed at the
25th. Session of the Legislature thereof and entitled "An Act to Incorporate the Town of
Las Vegas in Clark county and defining the boundaries thereof and to authorize the establishment

 of a city government therefor and other matters relating thereto," and approved March 16,

1911 the question of contracting a bonded indebtedness of $40,000.00 for the purpose of constructing

a system of sewerage in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada be submitted to the legally
qualified electors of said City at a special election to be held in said City as provided by
said Act.

That said bonds bear interest at six per cent payable semi-annually and that they are
issued in denominations and payable as set forth in the above ordinance. Now therefore, in