Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada
October 7th, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of has
Vegas Nevada held on the 7th, day of October A.D. 1914, Present all members of the Board
with the Mayor, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and special meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officer read and approved as read.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the application of Fred Von Deventer and Lon Groseback 

for a transfer of liquor license situated in the Northern Hotel in said City of Fremont street, 

	

whereupon motion of Griffith seconded by Smith being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that

said transfer be granted as per ordinance No. 33 of the said City governing saloon licenses

in the said City the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith,

aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor Q.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the question of employing a sexton for the Cemetery in said City came on before



the Board and after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion Smith and seconded by Curtiss 

being duly made and carried ordered by the Board that the said Cemetery Committee be and they are hereby
allowed the right and privileges to hire said section with the understanding that the
salary of said section is not to exceed the sum of thirty five dollars per month, the vote on
said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye Smith, aye, Curtiss, aye,
Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Fire and Police Commissioner called the attention of the Board to the fact

that one hundred feet of hose was missing from the fire equipment also a nozzle and asked per

mission of the Board to offer an reward for information leading up to the conviction of person

or persons taking or having said hose, where upon motion being duly made and carried it was

ordered by the Board that the sum of fifty dollars be offered as a reward for information



leading to the taking of said hose and equipment the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith
voting aye, Curtiss, aye, smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

This being the time for the reading of an ordinance relating to putting on a dog tax for
said City and the seconding of said ordinance, and the Board having heretofore placed said
license at $4.00 for male dogs and 7.50 for female dogs it was upon motion of Commissioner
smith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried ordered that said portion of said
license pertaining to amounts to be paid be amended as follows towit:- Male dogs $2.50 a piece
female dogs $5.00 a piece. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- commissioner
Griffith , aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
coting aye.

The Clerk then proceeded to read said ordinance as amended and after due consideration
upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner smith and seconded by Commissioner,
Griffith and duly carried ordered that said ordinance be passed as appears more fully under
Ordinance No. 58, in ordinance Book No. one, to which reference is hereby made, the vote on said
Ordinance being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, smith, aye, and
Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

City Attorney was given authority to use any and all means he might see fit to inforce
the collection of sidewalk assessments heretofore levied on lots No, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 15,
and 16, in block 12 Clark's Las Vegas Townsite Clark County Nevada.

There being no further business before the Board they adjourned until the next regular
meeting of the Board.