the object for said special meeting of the Board, thereupon after due consideration upon the part of the
Board and it appearing to the Board that an emergency exists in said City and in as much as there is
no ordinance of said City prohibiting dogs from running at large within the limits of the City of
Las Vegas and requiring each dog to wear a muzzle an emergency is declared to exist and ordinance
No. 63 is passed as an emergency ordinance upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by
Commissioner Ball and duly carried as appears more fully in ordinance Book number one under ordinance

No. 63, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell
aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clark presented to the Board the following affidavit of the City Policemen of
said City F.A. Waite. " To his honor the Mayor and City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

Gentlemen ; Pursuant to your inquiry relative to an alleged Assault and Battery committed by one
Samuel Hathway upon the person of one Al Conrad, in the star saloon at or about Five minutes past
12 O'clock A.M. March 10th will report as follows towit:- State of Nevada, County of Clark, SS.
Personally appeared before me F.A. Waite, who being first duly sworn, on oath , deposes and says
That he is a citizen of the United States of America, and a citizen of the State of Nevada, That he is
a duly Appointed, Qualified and acting Policemen in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,; that he
was appointed, qualified and entered upon the duties of said office on the 23rd day of February 1916;

That one Carl Wasserbach is the reputed owner and proprietor of the star Saloon, situate on lot 5,
in block 16 in Clark Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark State of Nevada.

That within his knowledge and information and belief a crime was committed in said Star Saloon
at about Five minutes past 12 O'clock A M. March 10th, 1916; That said crime consisted of an assault
and battery made by one Samuel Hathway of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
upon the person of one Al Conrad as followstowit:— That the said Samuel Hathway did then and there
assault, strike and bat, with an Bar towit:- A stove poker, the person of the said Al C. Conrad and
inflict great bodily injury upon the person of the said Al C. Conrad; that the said Carl Wasserbach
and his employees did not notify him, the said F.A. Waite, that a crime had been committed in the said
Star saloon, at the time it was committed or at all; that it was 1-15 O'clock A.M. on the lOth day

of March 1916 when the said F.A. Waite was notified that a crime was Committed; That he was notified 
that the crime was committed by one Joe Conrad; That from the hour of 12—05 O'clock A.M. that the time

the crime was committed until 1-15 O'clock A.M. of the same day the said Samuel Hathway had time to

escape; That when he was notified that the crime was committed he went to the said Star saloon and

found there the said Al C. Conrad, who had been assaulted, by the said Hathway; That he also found

Dr Roy W. Martin in attendance upon the said Al C. Conrad, and dressing his wounds; that he notified

the Sheriff's office that the crime had been committed; that the Sheriff, Sam Gay and his Deputy Joe

Keate came immediately and they and this affiant worked all of night on the case and since but without

effecting a capture of the said Samuel Hathway the alleged assailant of the said Al C. Conrad.

F.A. Waite , City Policemen

SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th day of March A.D. 1916.

Henry M. Lillis, Notary Public.

Whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that the City
Clerk be and is hereby instructed to notify the said Carl Wasserbach to appear before said Board on
Saturday the 18th day of March at ten o'clock A.M. to show cause why his the said Carl Wasserbach
license should not be revoked or suspended, Motion by Commission Ball seconded by Commissioner Matztdorf

and duly carried by the following vote towit:- Commissioner Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks
aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Boars it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Saturday March 18th at ten o'clock. A.M. of said day.