and transfer of said business been made it was upon motion of Commissioner Ullom and seconded by
Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that said transfer be and the same is hereby granted

	

of the retail liquor license heretofore issued to Fred Van Deventer, the vote upon said resolution
being as follows towit; Commissioners Ullom, aye, Elwell, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

The Clerk then presented the application of Lon Groesbeck for a retail liquor license to be cond-
ucted on Fremont street for the year 1918, whereupon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by
commissioner Ullom. and duly carried it was ordered that said license be granted for the year 1918.
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ullom aye and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

 The application of D. Pecetto for a whole sale liquor license and the Los Angeles Brewing Co.
Company for the year 1918, coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Ullom and
seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that said applications be and the same
are hereby granted for the year 1918. the vote upon said resolution be as follows towit;
Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being nofurther business before the Board it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned
until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

February 6th, 1918.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of L as Vegas, Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners, Elwell, Ullom and Ball
being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk
of this Board except the claim of Fred J. Pearce which was ordered laid over for the approval of the
City Police.

Reports of Officers read and approved as read.

 At this time upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the sum of $800.00 be and
the same is hereby ordered transferred from the Salary fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to the
Police fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

It was also ordered by the Board that the sum of $100.00 be and the same is hereby ordered
transferred from the Salary fund of the City to the Cemetery fund of said City of Las Vegas Nevada.
 At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the following towit; " To the Hon. Board of City

Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada. Gentlemen;--- Please accept this as my resignation as Judge of the

Municipal Court, In doing this it is with much regret, but I feel that someone can better fill the
position, and therefore respectfully resign, thanking you for past favors, I am yours very respectfully.

W.F. Rector.

Whereupon motion of Commissioner Ullom and seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried it was
ordered that the resignation of W.F. Rector as Municipal Judge be and the same is hereby accepted the
same to take effect at once, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners
Ball aye Elwell, aye, Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

The question of filling the vacancy of Municipal Judge in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada

coming on before the Board and it appearing that C.D. Breeze of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, will
accept said position it was upon motion of Commissioner Ullom and seconded by Commissioner Ball and

duly carried ordered that C.D. Breeze be and is hereby appointed to the office of Municipal Judge