Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada

October 1, 1913.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 1st. day of October, A.D. 1913, there were present Hon. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor; Commissioners 

Curtiss, Griffith and Smith, and City Attorney. The minutes of the meeting of
September 3rd., 1913, were read and approved as read.

All claims against the City were allowed as appeared on the claim book on file with
the Clerk of this Board, except the bill of J. South, which was referred to the Street Com-
missioner.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

The City Clerk being absent, and having requested the Board to appoint C.E. Pembroke
as Deputy City Clerk, to act in his absence, and at his expense, it was upon motion of
Commissioner Griffith, seconded by Commissioner Smith, resolved: That the office of Deputy
City Clerk be and the same is hereby created, and that C.E. Pembroke be and he is hereby
appointed Deputy City Clerk to have and exercise the powers and duties of the City Clerk
upon his qualification by taking the oath of office. Thereupon Deputy City Clerk Pembroke
duly qualified. The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Griffith, Curtiss
and Smith and his honor the Mayor, voting aye. Noes, none.

Ordinance No. 46, entitled "An ordinance regulating the speed of automobiles, and
other conveyances within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas," was read for the
second time, and upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the
said ordinance was duly passed. The vote on said ordinance being as follows: Commissioners
Curtiss, Griffith and Smith, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Ordinance No. 47, entitled "An ordinance establishing official grades of the lots,
streets, alleys, avenues, public places, sewers and other grades in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite,
and City of Las Vegas, and regulating the construction of sidewalks therein and other matters
relating thereto was read for the second time, and upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss,
seconded by Commissioner Griffith, the action upon said ordinance was ordered to be deferred
until later in this meeting, or at an adjournment thereof.

An ordinance entitled "An Ordinance for police regulation and prohibiting public dance
halls in the City of Las Vegas, was read for the first time and ordered to go over for the
second reading.

An ordinance entitled "An ordinance to ament Section Nine (9) of Ordinance No. Thirty-
three (33) of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An ordinance regulating the distribution of intoxicating
 liquors, and regulating places where such liquors are sold, or otherwise distributed
providing for permits and licenses, and repealing Ordinance No. Three (3) and all ordinances
or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith;" was read in full to the Board for the first
time and ordered to go over to the second reading.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas,
licensing for purposes of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter
specified, transacted or carried on, within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas,

State of Nevada, fixing the rate of license tax upon the same and providing for the selection
of license tax and a punishment for carrying on or conducting ay such business without a
license, and repealing ordinances Nos. One (1) Two (2), Four (4), Thirteen (13) Fourteen
(14), and Thirty-five (35) "was read in full to the Board for thefirst time, and ordered to
go over to a second reading.