of registering the qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas, prior to the special election to
be held on the 10th, day of October 1911, for voting upon the question of issuing sewerage bonds, and
he presented the following affidavit of the publisher.

Affidavit of Publication.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark ) ss.

C.P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of the

 Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Registration Notice, was continuously

Registration Notice.	Published in said paper for the period of five weeks

To the Citizens of the City of Las Vegas

County of Clark, State of Nevada.	from the 6th, day of September 1911. on the 30th, day

Notice is hereby given that the official register
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark	of September 1911. inclusive , being the issues of such
State of Nevada, is now open, between

the hours of 10'oclock A.M. and 6 o'clock	paper for the following dates, towit: Sept, 16th, 23,

P.M. on all legal days from and after

the 9th, day of September A.D. 1911. and 	30th, A.D. 1911. That said newspaper was regular
prior to the 30th, day of September 1911.

two t untill the 29th, day of September		issued and circulated on each of the dates above named
A.D. 1911. at 6 o'clock P.M. and for ten days

next proceeding the day set for closing the That the charge for publishing the same was $5.00 and
Register, in addition to the regular

hours, between the 7 o'clock A.M. and		that the same has been paid.

9 o'clock P.M. for the registration of all

legal voters of said election precinct		Signed C.P. Squires,
of the City of Las Vegas County of Clark

State of Nevada, to be held on the	(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th.

10th, day of October A.D. 1911. And

former registration will not apply	day of October A.D. 1911.	H.M. Lillis

in this election and citizens desiring

to vote at said election must register as by	Notary Public,

law provided.

Witness my hand this 15th day of September
A.D. 1911.	H.M. Lillis.

Registry agent in and for Las Vegas Township
County of Clark, State of Nevada.

First Publication Sept. 16th, 1911.

Last publication Sept. 30th, 1911.

The Clerk also further reported to the Board the filing of the affidavit of the Clark

County

Review of publishing the above notice, for the aforesaid Registry agent. HIM. Lillis.

Affidavit of Publication

Chas, C. Corkhill being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the

United States, over the age of eighteen years: that he is the publisher of the Clark County



Review, a weekly newspaper published and printed of general circulation at Las Vegas, Nevada, Clark
County, Nevada, and that the forgoing Notice of Registration of which the attached is a true copy
was published in said paper for three consecutive issues, on the following dates, towit, Sept,

16th, 23rd, and 30th, 1911.	Chas C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th, day of October A.D. 1911.

Walter R. Bracken   Notary Public.

The Clerk further reported that H.M. Lillis registered all applicants applying to him
under the law providing for the special election upon the question of sewerage Bonds, and that he
made and swore to the complete list of voters of said election taking oath that the same was
correct to the best of his knowledge and belief, and that H.M. Lillis turned over to the Judges
of ad special election a complete copy of the official register and check lists of all voters of
aid City and duly certified to by him as such register agent one day proceeding said election
and presented herewith the following proof viz:

State of Nevada
County of Clark) ss.

I, H.M. Lillis, duly elected, qualified and acting Justice of the Peace and ex-officio



and acting registry agent in and for the as Vegas Township, County of Clark, State of Nevada, do hereby
certify that the forgoing and attached is a true and correct copy of the registered voters in and
for the City of Las Vegas Election precinct number one, for the special election for sewerage Bonds