installment to date of maturity of the principal. Both principal and interest of said bonds shall

be payable in lawful money of the United States of America at the office of the City Treasurer, in

the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, or at the option of the holder of said bonds or interest coupons

thereto attached at the Importers and Traders National Bank, City of New York, State of New York.

Be it further ordained that said bonds and coupons with the necessary variations as to numbers

and maturities shall be in substantially the following forms, respectively, towit-

United States of America
State of Nevada
County of Clark
Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds.

No._______                                                                                                                1000.00

Know all men by these presents that the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation duly

organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, acknowledges its self to be indebted

and for value received hereby promises to pay to bearer on or before the first day of January, 1932

the principal sum of one thousand dollars together with interest thereon from the date hereof until



paid, at the rate of six per centum per annum (6%) payable semi-annually on the first date of July
and of January of each year. which interest to the date of the maturity of the principal is evidenced

by and payable upon presentation and surrender of the annexed interest coupon as they severally
become due, Both principal and interest of this bond are payable in lawful money of the united States
of America at the office of the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, ot at, the option
of the holder of this bond or the interest coupons thereto attached at the importers and Traders
National BanK City of New York, State of New YorK. And for the prompt payment of the principal
and interest on this bond as they respectively become due, the full faith, credit and resources of
the said City are hereby irrevocably pledged. This bond is one of a series of like date, tenor
and amount but different maturities, issued for the purpose of constructing a sewerage system for
said City, and pursuant to an election duly called and held at which more than a majority of the
qualified electors voted in favor of the issuance of said bonds, and proceedings of the Board of
City Commissioners duly passed and adopted, and is authorized by and issued in full conformity with
the requirements of the Constitution and Laws of the State of Nevada, including Chapter 132
of the session laws of the said State for the year 1911. and all acts of the legislature amendatory
thereof and supplemental thereto. And it is further certified and recited that all acts, conditions
and things required by the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada to exist, happen and be
performed precedent to and in the issuance of this bond, have existed, happened and have been
performed in regular and due form, time and manner as required by law, and that the amount of this
bond, together with all other indebtedness of said City, does not exceed any constitutional or
statutory limination.

In testimony whereof, said Board of City Commissioners of said City have caused this bond to
be signed by the Mayor of said City and the City Clerk, and its corporate seal to be hereto affixed
and the interest coupons hereto annexed to be authenticated with the lithographed, fac-simile
signatures of said Mayor and City Clerk, and this bond to be dated the first day of January, A.D.
1912.	Peter Buol. Mayor.

SEAL)( Countersigned: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

(Form of coupon)

No.______	$30.00

On the first day of (July) (January) A.D. 19_ _, the city of Las Vegas, in the County of

Clark and State of Nevada, will pay to bearer thirty dollars, lawful money of the United States

of America at the office of the City Treasurer in the City of Las vegas, Nevada, or at the option



of the holder of this interest coupon at the Importers and Traders National Bank, City of New York, State of
New York, being the sem-annual interest then due on its sewerage bond. dated January 1, 1912. No__
Countersigned:	Harley A. Harmon, City ClerK.	Peter Buol. Mayor.

Be it further ordained and ordered that for the purpose of making provisions for the promt