Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.



Las egas Nevada November 4th, 1918.

Minutes of Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
at the office of the City Clerk at Las Vegas, Nevada on this 4th day of November, 1918 at eight o'clock
A. M. in accordance with call and notice duly given.

Present, His Hon. the Mayor, W. E. Hawkins, Commissioners Ball, Elwell , Ullom and Miller, City
Clerk Harley A. Harmon and the City Attorney.

A written acceptance of due call and notice of this meeting signed by each of the Commissioners
was presented and ordered filed, such acceptance being in words and figures as follows:

"Las Vegas, Nev. Nov . 4, 1918.

Due call and notice of a special meeting of the Board of City Commissi oners of the City of Las
Vegas to be held at the office of the City Clerk at the hour of eight o'clock A. M. on Monday the
4th day of November, 1918 for the purpose of enacting an ordinance to prevent the spread of Spanish
Influenza or La Grippe, is hereby admitted by the undersigned Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas.
	W. H. Elwell

	J. M. Ullom

C. P. Ball
John F. Miller

City Commissioners.

Thereupon a draft of Ordinance No. 73, entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas establishing
regulations to prevent the introduction and spread of Spanish Influenza or La Grippe into or within
said City of Las Vegas, providing for the wearing of antiseptic masks, and other matters properly
relating thereto." was read for the first time.

Thereupon Comm. Ullom presented the following resolution:

"Whereas, and epidemic of Spanish Influenza or La Grippe is spreading over said City of Las Vegas
and an emergency exists for the establishment of regulations to prevent the introduction and spread of
such disease or diseases into or within said City of Las Vegas,

Now therefore, be it resolved that due to such emergency Ordinance No. 73 presented at this meet-
ing be acted upon as an emergency Ordinance at this meeting upon it's second reading at this meeting."

The resolution was seconded by Comm. Ball. Upon being put to a vote the said Resolution was
carried upon the following vote: Commissioners Elwell, Ullom, Ball, Miller and His Honor the Mayer
W. E. Hawkins, voting aye. Noes None.

Thereupon said Ordinance No. 73 was read for the second time.

Upon motion of Commissioner Ullom, seconded by Comm. Ball, the following Resolution was duly
adopted:

"Resolved that Ordinance No. 73 as presented and read twice at this meeting, be and the same is
hereby passed and adopted as an emergency Ordinance, and that after the passage of the same such
Ordinance be published for one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper pub-
lished in the City of Las Vegas."

The vote on such resolution being as follows: Comms. Ullom, Ball, Miller and Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes- none.

Upon motion of Comm. Miller, second by Comm. Ullom the following Resolution was duly adopted:

"Resolved that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized to have printed and
distributed handbills in the form of draft presented to this meeting in order to give notice to the
public of the terms and conditions of said Ordinance No. 73."

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Comms. Elwell, Ball, Miller and Ullom and his Hon.
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.