Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

February 4, 1920.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held in the Commissioner's room in the County Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada on the 4th day of
February, 1920, at the hour of two o'clock p.m. Present Hon. W. E. Ferron, Mayor and Commissioner
Howard Conklin with Harley A. Harmon, Clerk and F. A. Stevens, City Attorney, absent W . E.

Arnold, Commissioner.

The Mayor announced that there being present a majority of commissioners and officers
that it was in order to elect two commissioners to fill the vacancies created by the resignation
theretofore had by Ralph Thomas, Commissioner of the second class and G. H. French, Commissioner of
the third class.

Thereupon C. E. Pembroke was duly nominated and appointed as Commissioner of the second
class to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of Ralph Thomas and his bond was fixed at One
Thousand Dollars to be approved by the Mayor, such officer to hold office for the unexpired term of
the Commissioner of the Second class.

Thereupon Lou Martin was duly nominated and appointed as Commissioner of the third class
to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of G. H. French and his bond was fixed at One Thousand
Dollars to be approved by the Mayor, such officer to hold office for the unexpired term of the Comm-
issioner of the Third Class, whereupon Lou Martin took his oath of office and presented his official
bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars with C. C. Ronnow and W. E. Hawkins as sureties, which bond
was approved by the Mayor and filed with the City Clerk; thereupon Commissioner Lou Martin took his
seat and office as City Commissioner and participated in the business of the meeting.

The Mayor announced a full quorum present and directed the Commissioners to proceed
with the regular business of the Board.

Thereupon all reports of officer were read and approved as read.

All bills against the City of Las Vegas allowed.

At this time the Mayor announced the following changes in the personal of the Board,
to-wit:	W. E. Arnold be removed as Street Commissioner and placed in the Department of Sewer and

Light and Lou Martin, the newly appointed City Commissioners, was appointed Street Commissioner of
said City.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion duly made and
carried, ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

March 1, 1920.

This being the time set by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas under a call issued by said
mayor to hold a special meeting of the purpose of considering the Budget for the year 1920, coming
on before the Board. Present Hon. F. E. Ferron, Mayor, with commissioners Howard Conklin, C. E.
Pembroke Lou Martin, the City Clerk and the City Attorney.

The clerk then presented to the Board the call for special meeting as follows, to-wit:

"Call for Special Meeting.

To Harley A. Harmon,

City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

You are hereby directed, in pursuance of this call, to give notice of a
special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, to be
held at the Commissioners Room in the County Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada on