Las Vegas, Nevada for the seconding reading Whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded
by Commissioner Ullom and duly carried it was ordered that said Ordinance be and the same is
hereby passed as appears more fully in Ordinance Book One under Ordinance No. 69, to which
reference is hereby made, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners
Matzdorf aye, Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye, Nones None.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board of City Commissioners in and for
said City by the Library Committee that one James C. Thomas who was a Member of said Library
Committee had resigned from said Board and that said Board recommended the appointment of one
George Hayes of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, Whereupon motion of Commissioners Ullom and seconded
by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried it was ordered that the said George Hayes be and is
hereby appointed as a member of said Library committee until the further order of this Board.
the Vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Ullom aye,
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned until
Tuesday September 10th. 1917.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada

Las Vegas, Nevada September 10-17

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas Nevada, held for the purpose of considering the revoking of the retail Liquor license
of Henry E. Squires in said City, all Members of the Board Present, at this time upon the
request of Richard Busteed counsel for the said Henry E. Squires it was ordered that this
Board stand adjourned until Wednesday evening September 11th at 7:30 P.M. of said Day for the
purpose of considering said license. The vote upon said resolution being as follows towit
Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Ullom aye, Ball aye, Elwell aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nev.

September 11th, 1917.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners Matzdorf Ullom, Ball
and Elwell with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

This being the time set by the Board for the hearing of the quest inn of revoking the
retail liquor license of Henry E. Squires, and the said Henry E. Squires being present with
his counsel Richard Busteed, thereupon the Board proceeded to hear said Charges and testimony
in the matter. Thereupon the Clerk read the Complaint to the said Henry E. Squires in full setting 

forth the fact to the said Henry E. Squires that this had been the time set to consider
said matter, at this time Richard Busteed Counsel for the said H.E. Squires made a statement
to the Board to effect that that the Board could not hear this matter upon the ground that the

Board had no control oversaid matter and asked that said charge be dismissed , there upon said