ar meeting held July 5th, 1911. It was upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by McGovern

and duly carried it was ordered that said ordinance be read for the first time and to be finally



acted upon at the next regular succeeding meeting . Thereupon the City Clerk read aloud said ordinance
to the Board.

At this time Commissioner Stewart presented the following resolution towit:-
" Whereas, it appears from the minute Book of the proceedings of this Board that
there was omitted from the records of the proceedings of date the 5th, day of July 1911. the
findings and resolution of this Board that an emergency existed for the passage of ordinances
one to nine inclusive. and each of them and , Whereas, it was found and duly resolved by this
Board at said meeting that an emergency existed for the passage at that meeting on first reading
of ordinances one to nine inclusive., Now therefore, Be it resolved that the minutes of said
meeting be and they are hereby amended and supplemented so that the said findings and resolutions

 of this Board relating to said ordinances be and appear upon said records as a portion of
the proceedings of said meeting in relation to the passage of said ordinances .

It was then upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried that
said resolution be passed as read, the vote being as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Stewart,
aye, Mc Govern, aye, von Tobel, aye, His Honor the Mayor aye,

The Board at this time considered the matter of the employment of an Engineer to
Supertend the construction of the proposed sewerage and disposal system. Louis C. Kelsey of
Salt Lake City was present at the meeting and presented his credentials and recommendations
to the Board, together with a draft of a propose contract relative to his employment
after due consideration of the proposition of the said Louis C. Kelsey, it was moved by
Commissioner Coughlin and seconded by Commissioner Stewart, and duly carried that the proposition

 of LouiS. C. Kelsey be and the same is hereby accepted, and that he be employed by this
Board as such consulting and Superintending Engineer, that the Mayor and the City Clerk, he and
they are hereby authorized to execute on behalf of this Board a contract of employment with
Mr Louis C. Kelsey, in such form as may be approved by them, acting by and under the advice
of the City Attorney, the vote upon such motion being as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Stewart
aye Mc Govern, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye, .

At this time letters from the following firms regarding the sewerage system of Las
Vegas, Nevada, was read before the Board, " American Municipal Improvements Corporation ,"
"Reynolds & Whitman Co. "	R.J.&W.M. Boyd Construction Co. " after due consideration upon the

part of the Board it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel, and duly carried ordered
that the same be laid upon the table. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye,

Stewart aye Mc Govern, aye, and Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye.