BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED ,that the Mayor, H.T. Jones ,Charles Ireland, Water, Sewer and Light
Commissioner, and the City Clerk, Florence S. Doherty, be and they hereby are authorized and
directed to conduct each correspondence with, and to furnish such data and reverts to said Public
Service Commission in respect to the matters hereinabove set forth, or in relation thereto, as may be
by them deemed necessary or desirable.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Martin, Ireland, and
His Honor the Mayor, H.T. Jones, voting Aye. Noes, None.

At this time Adam Kramer appeared before the Board with regard to a bill for removing cotton
wood roots from his sewer line, whereupon, after due consideration of this matter, it was the opinion
of the Board that this is not a just charge against the City of Las Vegas.

At this time City Attorney Stevens and Mayor Jones reported on the conditions existing in
the slaughter houses existing in the City of Las Vegas, whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens
seconded by Commissioner Ireland, the City Attorney was instructed to draw ap an Ordinance regulating
the operation of slaughter houses within the city limits.

There being no farther business to come before the Board at this time, a motion to
adjourn was duly made and carried.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,

JULY 6th, 1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Clark County,
State of Nevada, held the 6th day of July, 1921, at the hoar of three o'clock P.M.

Present his honor, the Mayor H.T. Jones, Commissioners, Brickie, Hodgens and Ireland, together
with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

The reports of the officers were approved and ordered placed on file.

All bills were allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of the Board.

At this time W.R. Bracken appeared before the Board regarding the complaint of water service
made by this Board to the Public Service Commission for the State of Nevada. After a discussion
by Mr. Bracken and the members of the Board it was moved by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded
by Commissioner Ireland and daly carried that the Resolution made by this Board to the Public
Service Commission at the last meeting be, and the same is hereby rescinded, and the Clerk be
directed to notify said Public Service Commission that a settlement has been reached between
this Board and the said Las Vegas Land & Water Co., voting Commissioners, Brickie, Hodgens and
Ireland and his honor the Mayor, aye, noes none.

At this time, A.W. Ham, appeared before the board representing Vincent Matteucci, and asked
that the Board grant Vincent Matteucci a merchandise license for carrying on his business dur-
ing the present quarter; the same having been refused Mr Matteucci by the City Clerk at the
direction of the Mayor acting under advice of the Sheriff of Clark County, Nevada. After an
argument between Mr Ham and District Attorney Harley A. Harmon, who appeared in the interest
of Sheriff Cay, it was moved by Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens and
duly carried that a merchandise license be granted to Mr Matteucci, voting Commissioners Brickie,
Hodgens and Ireland and his honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, aye, nones none.

Thereupon upon motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Brickie and
duly carried it was the order of the Board that the City Treasurer be directed to transfer
the sums of $700.00 and $682.68, respectively, from the Street Fund to the Salary Fund, and
the Clerk of this Board is directed so to notify the City Treasurer. Voting Commissioners

Brickie, Hodgens, Ireland and his honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, aye. Noes none.