All claims allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board,
At this time it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Conklin,
seconded by Commissioner Pembroke, and duly carried, that there be transferred from the
General Fund to the Street Fund the sum of $ 385.28 Voting: Conklin, Yes:

Martin, Yes: Pembroke, Yes: and His Honor the Mayor W.E. Ferron, Yes. Noes, None.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board by the Clerk that all the
returns for the City Election held on the day of May, 1921 were in and that the vote of the
election should be canvassed at this time. Thereupon the Board proceeded to canvass the vote
as cast on the 3rd day of May, 1921, for Mayor and four commissioners of said City of Las Vegas
and found the following.

MAYOR

W.E. Ferron	220

H.T. Jones	382

COMMISSIONERS- FIRST CLASS

Frank Brickie	359

Howard Conklin	230

COMMISSIONER- SECOND CLASS

Lou Martin	503

COMMISSIONER- THIRD CLASS

Thomas R. Hodgens	543

C.E. Pembroke	142

Jack Price	88

COMMISSIONERS- FOURTH CLASS

C.V.T. Gilbert	152

Charles Ireland	363

H.J. Woodard	57

Thereupon it appearing to the Board from said canvass that H.T. Jones had received the
highest number of votes for the office of Mayor of said city and that Frank Brickie had
received the highest number of votes for Commissioner of the First Class; that Lou Martin had
received the highest number of votes for Commissioner of the Second Class; that Thomas R.
Hodgens had received the highest number of votes for Commissioner of the Third Class; that
Charles Ireland received the highest number of votes for Commissioner of the Fourth Class.

It was upon motion duly made and carried, ordered and directed that the above named persons
be and they are hereby declared duly elected to their respective offices and the Clerk of this
Board is hereby directed to issue Certificates of Elections to the above named persons.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, a motion
to adjourn was unanimously carried.