Ball, aye, and His honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes. None.

It was then upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the following salaries be and
the same are hereby adopted for all City offices as follows towit;

City Clerk	$25.00 per month	and	a	Bond	in	the	sum of	 $2,500.00

City Attorney	$50.00	per	month	and	a	Bond	in	the 	sum of $1,000.00

Municipal Judge $25.00	per	month	and	a	Bond	in	the	 sum of $1,000.00

City Policeman	$125.00 per month and	 a	 Bond 	in	 the sum of $1,000.00

Truck Driver for Auto Fire Truck $50.00 per month.



The Clerk then presented the application of Frank A. Stevens for the position of City Attorney
in and for said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, Whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, and seconded
by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried it was ordered upon the following vote that Frank A.

Stevens be and is hereby elected to the office of City Attorney by the Following vote towit;
Commissioners Ullom, aye, Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the application of W.F. Rector as Municipal Judge whereupon motion
of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried it was ordered that
W.F. Recotor be and is hereby elected to the office of Municipal Judge in and for the City of Las
Vegas Nevada by the following vote towit; Commissioners Ullom, aye, Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye, Ball
aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Mayor then appointed the following named commissioners to the Various Departments towit;

J.M. Ullom as Commissioner of Finance and Revenue, F.E. Matzdorf as Commissioner of Police and Fire
Commissioner W.H. Elwell as Commissioner of Light Sewer and Water, C.P. Ball as Commissioner of
Streets and Public Property.

At this Time Police and Fire Commissioner F.E. Matzdorf notified the Board that he had appointed
F.A. Waite as Policeman for said City whereupon it was ordered by said Board that said Appointment
be and the same is hereby approved upon the said F.A. Waite taking his official Oath and filing his
Bond in the sum of One Thousand dollars, with the Clerk of this Board to be approved by the Mayor
of said City.

The fire and police Commissioner further notified the Board that he had appointed Earl F. Eglington 

as Driver of the Fire Auto Truck and the same was approved by the Board.

At this time Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed City Clerk presented his official Bond in the
Sum of Two Thousand Five hundred dollars with John S. Park and David Farnsworth as sureties on the
same which was approved by the Board.

F.A. Stevens the Duly appointed City Attorney then presented his official Bond in the sum of
one Thousand dollars with M.M. Riley and I.C. Johnson as sureties which was duly approved by the Board

The Clerk was then instructed by the Board to notify the other appointees to make out and file
there official Bond and oath of Office to be approved by the Mayor of said City.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the first Wednesday in each and
every month and is hereby established as the official meeting day of this Board.