the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye
Sullivan No. and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a petition from the Hotel Nevada Mining company
request the Board to place a temporary sidewalk in Fremont street from the alley to said Hotel
building, whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said petition be
placed on file.

The ClerK also read before the Board a petition for a sidewalk on the North sidewalk of
Bridger street from main street to Fourth street in said City of Las Vegas Nevada whereupon
motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said petition be placed on file with
the Clerk of this Board.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board " An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas provid-
ing for the improvement of First Street by constructing cement, concrete sidewalks on the East
side of said street, and providing for the payment therefor by special assessment. for the second
reading whereupon motion of commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly
carried it was ordered that said ordinance be passed as appears more fully in ordinance Book
Number one of said City under ordinance No. 52 of said City now on file with the Clerk of this
Board the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss
aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then read before the Board " An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for
the improvement of second street by constructing cement, concrete sidewalks on the Eastside of
said street, and providing for the payment therefor by special assessment for the second reading
whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried
it was ordered that said ordinance be passed as appears more fully on ordinance Book Number one
of said City under ordinance No. 53, now on file with the Clerk of this Board, the vote on said
resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and
his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The ClerK then read before the Board " An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for
the improvement of Fremont street by constructing cement, concrete sidewalks on the North side of
said street, and providing for the payment therefor by special assessment for the second reading
whereupon motion of commissioner Sullivan and seconded by commissioner Curtiss, and duly carried
it was ordered that said ordinance be passed as appears more fully in ordinance Book one of said
City under ordinance No. 54 of said City now on file with the Clerk of this Board, the vote on
said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan,
aye and, his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, voting aye.

The Clerk then read "An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvement
of Fremont street by constructing cement, concrete sidewalKs on the south side of said street
and providing for the payment therefor by special assessment for the second reading whereupon
motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried it was
ordered that said ordinance be passed as appears more fully under ordinance No. 55 in book one
of ordinance of aid City on file the Clerk of this Board, the vote on said resolution being
as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor
voting aye.

The Clerk then read for the first reading "An ordinance creating a Board of Cemetery
Trustees, providing for the appointment of members thereof, defining their powers and duties
and other matters relating thereto. Whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered
that said ordinance go over for the second reading of the Board.

The next question considered by the Board was the rate for levying of taxes for the year 1914
and the fixing the rate therefor.