being duly made and carried it was ordered that said petition be placed on file.

At this time the Clerk presented	to the Board a claim of the A.W. Jurden Lumber Company

against the City of Las Vegas Nevada for the sum of $9.35 whereupon motion of Commissioner

Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried it was ordered that said claim
be rejected upon the grounds that said claim is not a legal charge against the City of Las Vegas.

Upon motion	being duly made and	carried	it was	ordered that this Board stand adjourned until

1:00 o'clock P.M. of this date.

Board convened again at 1:00 o'clock P.M. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioner
Griffith, Curtiss, and Sullivan. the Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board for the second reading "An Ordinance to amend
Section 7 of Ordinance No 33, entitled " An Ordinance Regulating the Distribution of Intoxicating
Liquors, and regulating places where such liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for
permits and licenses, and repealing Ordinance No, 3, and all ordinances or parts of Ordinances
in conflict therewith," and introducing a new section therein. whereupon motion of commissioner
Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss it was ordered that said ordinance be amended to read
as follows towit:- by inserting the following words " Or assignment as by ordinance provided."
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye.
Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clark then proceeded to read said ordinance as amended for the second reading and final
passage whereupon motion of commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly
carried it was ordered that said ordinance be passed as appears more fully in ordinance book No.
one of the City of Las Vegas Nevada under ordinance No, 57 of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.
the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that this Board stand
adjourned until Thursday evening at seven o'clock P.M. April 2nd . 1914.

Las Vegas, Nevada, Office or the City Clerk.

April 2nd A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas.
Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. HawKins Mayor, Commissioners Griffith,
Curtiss, and Sullivan. Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan
and duly carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Friday evening at 7 o'clock
P.M. April 3rd, 1914. to take up any and all matters that might come before it the vote being as
follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. HawKins voting aye.

Office of the city Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

April 3rd, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held on the 3rd, day of April 1914. at seven o'clock P.M. held pursuant to adjournment