is greatly in excess of the amount required to be levied in order to raise the necessary fund required

for the expense of such improvements that the fund so raised, taken in connection with the excess
to be paid by the City, would amount to $2643.00 and would constitute an assessment of $66.07 1/2 on
each lot as shown on said roll, except in such cases where lots are assessable only for the portion
of such sum of $66.07 1/2 as does not exceed twenty per cent of their assessed valuation as provided
by charter. And whereas, it appears to this Board that the total cost of the improvement in said
District No, 4, created under special assessment proceedings, and payable by special assessment and
out of the general funds of the City in cases of insufficient assessed valuation of lots to meet
pro rata proportions of the cost, is estimated to be, and the items thereof arc declared to be now
estimated to be as follows:

7750 sq. ft. of sidewalk work at an agreed price of 11 3/4 cts. per sq. ft.	$910.62

Advertising ordinances and notices	44.45

Estimated cost of Inspector	25.00

Making a total estimate of	$980.07

That such cost is to be distributed to forty (40) lots of the frontage of 25 ft. each abutting
on such improvement, and that the pro rata part to each lot, except in cases where the excess would
amount to more than twenty per cent. of the assessed value of any lot (as by charter provided),
would be $24.50 per lot. And whereas, it appears proper to this Board, in order to avoid a dispropo-
rtionately excessive assessment on each lot in said district, that said assessment roll be and the
same is hereby ordered to be corrected by the Clerk on behalf of this Board, so that the same will
show a levy upon each lot in said District No 4, of the sum of $24.50, except as to those lots where
said sum would exceed twenty per cent. of the assessed valuation of such lots as shown upon the

latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County taxation, and in such last mentioned instances



the roll shall show a levy upon each such lot of an amount equal to twenty percent. of the assessed
valuation of such lot as aforesaid, and the balance of the $24.50 as shall be in excess of such
twenty per cent. valuation as aforesaid shall be charged to the City of Las Vegas and paid from
the general funds of the City, and the distribution to each such lot and to the City of Las Vegas
shall be indicated upon said assessment roll: that when so corrected said roll as corrected shall
be presented by said Clerk to this Board for its approval. the vote on said resolution being as
follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the question of gravel for City streets coming on before the Board it was
upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan that the City of Las
Vegas Nevada hire a man to check up all gravel going on the streets of said City, the vote being as
follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith, NO, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor voting
No, said motion being lost vote being tie.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan it was ordered that
this Board stand adjourned until Saturday April 4th, at eight o'clock P.M. the vote being as follows
Commissioner, Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

Office of City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

April, 4th, 1914.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held pursuant to adjournment
present all members of the Board except E.E. Smith, with the ClerK and City Attorney.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the assessment Roll for District No, 1 for sidewalks on
East side of First Street as corrected under resolution of April 3rd, 1914.

whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss the following