should not exceed the sum of $260.00 whereupon motion being duly made and carried it ordered by the
Board that the Clerk be and is hereby instructed to correct said claim so as the same will read
$260.00 and return the same to the S.P.L.A.&.S.L.R.R.Co. for collection, the vote upon said resolu-
tion being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor
the Mayor. W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a petition from the Hotel Nevada Mining Company
for a permit to construct a pole line in and across certain streets and alleys in the City of Las
Vegas Nevada to the City limits of said City, commending at the rear of the Nevada Hotel and traveling
through the alley between first street and Main street of said City, where upon motion being duly
made and carried it was ordered that that said permit be granted upon an agreement being signed
by said Company between the City of Las Vegas Nevada and said Hotel Nevada Mining Company where by
the City of Las Vegas Nevada, is relieved from any and all liabilities, and the City Attorney is
instructed to prepare the necessary papers to be approved by the Board at its next regular meeting
to be held in May 1914.

The Clerk then read before the Board a petition from Chas E. Siegmond for permission to
construct a high Board fence for moving picture purposes on Fremont street next to petty's Jewlery
store in said City whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the same be
placed on file with this Board.

At this time Mr E.W. Griffith Street Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas Nevada made the

following written report " To the Board of City commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Gentlemen:- I respec-
tfully report to the Board that I have examined the sidewalk work on the East side of First Street
constructed by J.A. Delameter and find the same is completed satisfactorily according to his contract
and the same is accepted by me. Amount of worK 12250 sq. ft. at 11 3/4 cents per square foot. E.W.

Griffith Commissioner of street and public property.

He further made the following written report to the Board I respectfully report to the Board
that I have examined the sidewalk work on the East side of Second street Constructed by J.A. Delameter
and find that same is completed satisfactory according to his contract and the same is accepted by -
me. Amount of work 12175 sq ft. at 11 3/4 cts per sq. ft. E.W. Griffith, Comm. of street and property.

He further reported as follows:- I respectfully report to the Board that I have examined
the sidewalk worK on the south side of Fremont street constructed by J.A. Delameter and find that same
is completed satisfactorily according to his contract and the same is accepted by me, Amount of worK
5750 sq. ft. at 11 3/4 cents per sq. ft. E.W. Griffith, Comm. of Street and Public property.

Whereupon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried it
ordered that the above reports as reported by the Commissioner of Streets and property relating to
the above mentioned sidewalks, the East side of First street, second side of second street, and the
South side of Fremont street be and the same is hereby accepted, and approved, the vote being as
follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor.

W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time J.A. Delameter presented to the Board a claim for intersection of second street and
Fremont street before the Board whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Comm-
Curtiss and duly carried it was ordered that the same be allowed and paid by the City of Las Vegas
Nevada the same to be paid out of the street fund of the City. the vote on said resolution being
as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye. upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand
adjourned until Friday April 24th, at 1 o'clock P.M., to take up any and all matters.