At this time the Clerk read before the Board the application of C.A. Haller of the firm

of Haller and Clinton requesting that a transfer of retail liquor license be granted to said

C.A. Haller whereby the said C.A. Haller is to take over all the right title and interest in

a certain retail liquor establishment conducted under the firm name of Haller and Clinton in

the building comply Know as the Oxford Hotel in said City of Las Vegas, whereupon it appearing

to the satisfaction of this Board that the said C.A. Haller is a fit and proper person to

conduct said retail liquor business it is upon motion being duly made Commissioner Griffith

and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried ordered that said transfer of permit

be granted, the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioner, Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye,

Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, aye,.

At this time the Clerk notified the Board that he had three application for retail liquor

permits as laid over from last meeting and an ordinance to amend ordinance No. 33 of the City



of Las Vegas, Nevada whereupon motion being duly made by Griffith and seconded by 



Sullivan and carried it was ordered that said applications and said ordinance be laid 

over until the next regular meeting of the Board : the vote
on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners, Griffith, aye. Curtiss, aye,

Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board An Ordinance Creating a Board of Cemetery
Trustees, providing for the appointment of members thereof, defining their powers and duties
and other matters relating thereto. for the second reading whereupon motion of Commissioner
Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried it was ordered that said
be passed as appears more fully under ordinance No. 56 in book one of ordinance of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins aye.

The question of appointing Cemetery trustees for said City of Las Vegas, Nevada coming
on before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the following

be appointed for their respective terms as follows:-

First year term

Mrs Helen J. Stewart, and Ellen J. Connelly.

second year term

Mrs Maude Long , Mrs Thresera Jane McGovern.

Third year term

Mrs Ida M. Johnson, Mrs Julia P. Mundy.

the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan, aye.
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

In the matter of special assessments for sidewalk improvements for Districts No, 1,2, 3, 4, com-
ing on before the Board for review and the City Assessor having heretofore filed the Roll special
assessments on Districts No, 1,2, 3,4, on the 28th day of February 1914, upon motion of Commissioner 

Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan it was ordered that the Clerk public Notice
of the same and that the Board and City Assessor will meet on the first day of April 1914, in
the office of the Board of City Commissioners to review said assessments at which time and place
opportunity will be given to all persons interest to be heard, the vote being as follows towit.
Commissioners, Griffith, Sullivan, Curtiss, and his honor the Mayor Voting aye.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by that Board that this Board stand
adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board.