if any such taxes are to be levied for the year 1912. Thereupon upon motion of Commissioners
Stewart, seconded by Commissioner Coughlin, and duly carried, the following resolution was
duly adopted:	" Resolved that an Ad Valorm tax of one dollar ($1.00) be and the same hereby is

levied for the year 1912. upon each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situated an d
lying within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, including the net proceeds
of the mines, except such property as is exempt by law from taxation, said tax to be known and used
as "The City of Las Vegas Tax for the year 1912," according to the provisions of sec. 51 of an act
of the State of Nevada, entitled " An act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas in Clark County,
and defining the boundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishing of a City Government

therefore, and other matters relating thereto, Approved March 16, 1911. and Be It Further
Resolved, that the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County be and they hereby are requested
to levy the above mentioned tax for the above mentioned purposes under the above mentioned Act at
their regular meeting in the month of March 1912. and Be It Further resolved, that the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas transmit to and file with said Board of County Commissioners prior to said
meeting in March, 1912. a certified Copy of this resolution, and that such certified copy be the
authority and request for the levy of such taxes by said Board of County Commissioners". The vote
on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Von Tobel, Stewart, Coughlin and his Honor

the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye. No votes to the contrary.

Upon motion of Commissioners Coughlin, seconded by Commissioners Stewart, the following

resolution was duly adopted:	Whereas, the City of Las Vegas has been unsuccessful in placing

its Forty thousand Dollars of sewer bonds heretofore authorized to be issued, and it is
necessary to enter into negotiations with other then those heretofore making bids and propositions

 for the purchase of the same, Now, therefore, Be it resolved, that the City Clerk, Harley

A. Harmon, and the Mayor Peter Buol, be and they hereby are constituted and appointed a Committee
for the purpose and with the authority to enter into negotiations upon the terms obtainable
for the sale of the said Forty Thousand dollars of sewer bonds, provided, however that no actual
sale of such bonds shall be made by said Committee until the price and terms of sale shall have
been approved by this Board. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin aye, Stewart, aye,
Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayo Peter Buol. voting aye.

Upon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that the Board adjourn until the next
regular meeting of the Board.