Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

June 2nd, A.D. 1915.

This being the time set by law for the newly elected members of the Board of City Commissioners

of the City of Las Vegas Nevada to take office and their official bonds and oaths of office having

been duly filed and approved by the Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County

Nevada as by lam provided and the newly elected Mayor and Commissioners having taken there oath

of office as by law provided : the Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor. W.H. Elwell, F.E. Matzdorf, C.P. Ball

and O.D. Hicks Commissioners elected being present his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins than called the

Board together then proceeded with the first business of the day, Whereupon motion of Commissioner
O.D. Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried it was ordered that all appointive
office in and for said City be and the same is hereby declared vacant, the vote upon said resolution 

being as follows towit:- Commissioners Elwell, aye, Matzdorf, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and
his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

The next matter coming on before the Board was the appointment of a City Clerk whereupon
the names of E.H. Hunting and Harley A. Harmon were presented to the Board for there consideration
where upon the Board proceeded to vote upon the application of E.H. Hunting first as follows towit:—
Commissioners Elwell, aye, Matzdorf, aye, C.P. Ball No. O.D. Hicks, No. and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting No. the application of E.H. Hunting having been rejected the Board then
proceeded to vote upon the application of Harley A. Harmon as follows towit:- Commissioners
Elwell, aye, Matzdorf, aye, Ball, aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.
where upon it was ordered by the Board that Harley A. Harmon be and is hereby appointed to the
office of City Clerk in and for said City of Las Vegas Nevada at a salary of $40.00 per month and
that he make and file a bond in the sum of $2,500.00 and his oath of Office to be approved by
this Board.

Harley A. Harmon the newly elected and appointed City Clerk in and for the City of Las

Vegas Nevada having field his official Bond and oath of Office in the sum of $2,500.00 with

Roy T. Lockett and F.A. Clark as sureties in the sum of $2,500.00 and the same having been approved



by the Board the said Harley A. Harmon then proceed to take up his duties as City Clerk and Clerk of
the Board of City Commissioners.

The next matter to come on before the Board was the appointment by the Mayor of the Various
Commissioners to there various departments as follows towit:— Commissioner W.H. Elwell was
appointed to the department of Light and Sewer and Water, F.E. Matzdorf was duly appointed to
the department of Police and Fire Commissioner, C.P. Ball was duly appointed to the department
of Streets and Public Property, O.D. Hicks was appointed to the department of Finance and Revenue.

The question of electing a Mayor. Protem coming on before the Board it was upon motion of
Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that O.D. Hicks
be and is hereby elected to the office of Mayor Protem, the vote being as follows towit:- 
Commissioner Elwell, aye, Matzdorf, aye, Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye. Noes None.

The question of the appointing of a City Attorney coming on before the Board it was upon
motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried ordered that
Henry M. Lillis be and is hereby appointed to the office of City Attorney in and for the City of
Las Vegas Nevada at a salary not to exceed the sum of $50.00 per month upon his filing a good and
sufficient bond in the sum of $1,000.00 and taking his official oath of office, the vote being as
follows towit:— Commissioners Elwell, aye, Matzdorf, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the
Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

The question of appointing a municipal judge coming on before the Board it was upon motion
of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Elwell ordered that W.H. Hawkins be and is