F.A. Waite for violating of the retail liquor license ordinance in said City, F.A. Waite complaining
witness in said matter called before the Board and testified in the matter, H.E. Squires holder of
said retail liquor license called and testified in the matter, Bert Himelspach called and testified
in the matter, as was also D.C. Murphy who was sworn and testified in the matter, thereupon after
due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded
by Commissioner Ball and duly carried ordered that the retail liquor license of the said H.E. Squires
be and the same is hereby suspended for a period of Thirty days to take effect from the 17th day of
March A.D. 1917. at midnight of the 17th, 1917. the vote upon said motion being as follows towit;
Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth aye, Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, and his honor the Mayer, W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Beard it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board unless
called together sooner by the Mayor of said City.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, March 16th, 19171.



At a special session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
called at a special request of the Mayor of said City, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, With Comm-
issioners Matzdorf, Elwell, Farnsworth and Ball with the Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the special call as issued by the Mayor for said
special meeting as follows towit;	March 14th, 1917.

To Harley A. Harmon City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir;

This will be your authority to issue a call for a special meeting of the Board of City Commiss-
ioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to be held on the 16th day of March. A.D. 1917. at the
hour of Ten O'clock Am. in the office of the City Clerk at the Court House , for the purpose of Re-
considering the action heretofore taken wherein the retail liquor license of H. E. Squires was ord-
ered suspended for thirty days, to take effect March the 17th, at Midnight of said day.

Very truly yours,

W. E. HAWKINS.	_______

Mayor of said City of Las Vegas,

Filed March 14, 1917,	Nevada.

By Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.



The Clerk then proceeded to read the notice as sent by him for said special meeting as follows, to-wit:
To Commissioners, C.P. Ball, W. H. Elwell, F. E. Matzdorf, and David Farnsworth.

Dear Sirs:

This is to advise you that per a call issued by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
this 14th day of March A. D. 1917, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held on the 16th day of March, 1917, in the office of the City Clerk
at the Court House at the hour of Ten o'clock A.M. of said day for the purpose of re-considering the
action taken at the last regular meeting relative to suspending the retail Liquor license of H. E.
Squires of said city.

Your presence is earnestly requested at said meeting.

Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, this 14th
day of March, A. D. 1917.

Harley A. Harmon__________

City Clerk in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Thereupon after general discussion by the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and
seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried and ordered that the matter as relates to the