at a guaranteed price not to exceed $2,587.05 and to supply electric current for lighting purposes
for 115 lights or more on said streets at the rate of $1.00 per light per month for the period
of five years, and to supported the maintenance and repair of said system at actual cost of
labor and material and Whereas, it appears to this Board that it is necessary and to the best
interest of the City of Las Vegas that said proposition should be accepted and said system installed 

and put in operation at an early date Now therefor, be it resolved that the proposition of the
said Consolidated Power and Telephone be and the same is hereby accepted, it being provided however 

that the terms of said proposal and this acceptance be embodied in a written contract to be
drafted by the City Attorney w_th such additional terms and provisions relating thereto as may
be acceptable to this Board and the said Consolidated Power and Telephone Co, and upon the approval
thereof said contract to be executed on behalf of the City of Las Vegas by the Mayor and City
Clerk. The vote on said resolution being as follows: Commissioners McGovern and Von Tobel and
his honor the Mayor voting aye, Noes None.

The question of a change of grades relating to the sewer system in the City of Las Vegas

Nevada coming on before the Board and said change effecting the grades in the alley between



Fremont and Carson streets and said changes requested being by the American Light and Water Company
it was ordered by the Board upon motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Von Tobel that the Clerk of
this Board be and is hereby instructed to wire the City's Engineer Mr Kelsey of said desired changed
and request that he make said desired change as suggest by the Board of City commissioners.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

November 6th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held November 6th, A.D. 1912. Present Hon. Peter Buol Mayor and Commissioners Stewart.
Coughlin, aye, McGovern, Von Tobel, Roll called all answered present.

Minutes of regular meeting and adjourned meeting read and approved as read, reports of officers
read and approved as read, all claims allowed per claim book.

The question of changing the grades for the sewer system in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada

coming on before the Board and after through discussion on part of the Board it was upon motion

of Commissioner von Tobel and seconded by Commissioner Stewart the following preamble and resolution

was duly adopted Viz: Whereas it appears to this Board that to meet existing conditions the grades

of the sewer system in the alley between Fremont and Carson streets can be raised without injuring

the effecting of such system , and whereas, the American Light and Water company has applied for

permission to vary from the grades as previously established and , Whereas, it appears that the

changes as herein set forth will not effect a departure from the minimum rate of grades as established 

by the City Engineer, Now therefor, Be it resolved that the City Engineer be and he hereby

is instructed to make the following changes in grades viz:- that the grade at the intersection

of the alley between Main and first streets and the alley between Fremont and Carson be changed

from 2015. to 2016.30 that the grade at the alley between First and second Streets and the alley

between Fremont and Carson Streets be changed from 2012.5 to 2013.24 that the grades at the alley



between 2nd and 3rd, street and Fremont and Carson be changed from 2010.85 to 2011.29 the grades
between 3rd,& 4th, Streets and Fremont and Carson Streets be changed from 2005.5 to 2009.31
between Fourth and Fifth Streets and Fremont and Carson streets be changed from 2003.6 to 2007.69
that the grades in the alley between Fifth and Sixth streets and Fremont and Carson Street be
changed from 2000.7 to 2OO0.92

The Form of contract between the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company a corporation
and the City of Las Vegas was presented to the Board by the City Attorney and upon motion of