Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada, February 19 1919.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the city of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 19th day of February, 1919. Present Hon. C. P. Ball, Mayor
pro tem, commissioners Ullom and Miller with the clerk and city attorney present.

	This being the time set by said Board to take up the budget for the year 1919. The Board there-

upon proceeds to work into said matter and determined that it would be necessary to levy an occupation
tax and a business tax in the said city.

Thereupon the city attorney was instructed to draw an ordinance covering said tax and present
the same to the Board at its adjourned meeting to be held on the 24th day of February, A. D. 1919 at
7:30 P.M.

Thereupon motion being duly made and carried that this Board stand adjourned until 7:30 P.M.
of the 24th day of February A. D. 1919.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada, February 24,1919.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for said city of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 24th day of February, 1919. Present Hon. C. P. Ball, Mayor
pro tem, commissioners Elwell, Ullom and Miller, Clerk and the City Attorney present.

The Board then proceeds to take up the ordinance covering the tax upon occupation and business
of said city as presented by the city attorney and after general discussion of said Board it was found 
that this matter could not be settled at this meeting, therefore, it was, upon motion being duly	

made and carried, ordered that this meeting stand adjourned until February 26, 1919 at 7:30 P.M. of
said day.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada, Feb. 26, 1919.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, in and for said city of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held on February 26, 1919 at 7:30 P. M. Present Hon. C. P. Ball, Mayor pro tem
commissioners Ullom, Elwell and Miller.

The Board having met for the purpose of going over and preparing a license tax in said city

and after general discussion said Ordinance was read for the first time it was ordered that this 
matter go over until March 3 at 7:30 P.M. of said day; for second reading of said ordinance.



At this time Commissioner Miller called the Board's attention to the fact of making a change in the office of the 
municipal judge and it being the senses of opinion that a change would be satisfactory to all concerned it
was, upon motion being duly made and carried, ordered that the office of the municipal judge how
held by C. D. Breeze, of the city of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby vacated; said vacancy to
take effect March 1, 1919.

Thereupon motion being duly made and carried that this Board stand adjourned until March 3, 1919
at 7:30 P. M. of said day.