Please accept my resignation as Commissioner of the First Class
and Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas, to take effect this date.

Assuring the Board of my best wishes and hearty co-operation
as a private citizen, I remain

Very truly yours,

Frank Brickie.

whereupon, it was moved by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Anderson and duly carried
that said resignation of Frank Brickie as Commissioner of the First Class and Mayor Pro Tem of the
City of Las Vegas be, and the same is hereby accepted. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson Aye.

Noes, none. Commissioner Martin, not voting.

Thereupon, it was moved by Commissioner Hodgens ,seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and
duly carried that Commissioner Anderson be and he is hereby appointed temporary chairman in place of
Mayor Pro Tem Brickie, resigned. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, and Anderson, Aye. Noes, None. Commissioner
Martin, not voting.

Thereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
second d by Commissioners Anderson, and duly carried that W.H. Dentner be, and he is hereby appointed
to the position of Commissioner of the First Class of the City of Las Vegas in place of Commissioner
Brickie resigned, said appointment to take effect upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient
bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00), said bond to be approved by the Chairman of the
Board of County Commissioners, and upon said newly appointed Commissioner taking the required oath of

	

office. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, and Anderson, Aye. Noes, none. Commissioner Martin, not voting.

At this time W.H. Dentner presented his bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars

($1000.00) with C. M. McGovern and W.E. Arnold sureties thereon, the same having been duly approved by

W.J. Stewart, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, whereupon, it was

the motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioners Anderson, and duly carried that said

bond of W.H. Dentner, be and the same is hereby accepted. Voting Hodgens, Anderson Aye. Noes, none. Martin
not voting.

	Thereupon said W.H. Dentner took the oath of office as required by law and assumed his

seat as Commissioner of the First Class of the City of Las Vegas.

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by
Commissioner Anderson, and duly carried that Commissioner Dentner be and he is hereby appointed Mayor Pro

Tem of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Voting Commissioners Hodgens and Anderson and Dentner Aye. Noes

none. Commissioner Martin not voting.

Thereupon Commissioner Dentner assumed his seat as MAyor Pro Tem of the City of Las 

Vegas.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was the order
of the Board ,on motion of Commissioners Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and duly carried,
that this meeting be adjourned until Saturday, February 4th, 1922.at the hour of eight o'clock p.m.

Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson, Martin and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.