P.L. Smith
of

Las Vegas, Nevada.

District No. l,	per square foot, 12 1/2 cents
District No. 2,	per square foot 12 1/2 cents
District No. 3,	per square foot 12 3/4 cents
District No. 4,	per square foot 13 cents

All four or total work at rate of 11,9/10 cents per square foot. Based on Municipal freight
on sand and gravel.

Campbell and Turner
of

Sacramento, California.

District No. 1,	$1,529.28 cents.
District No. 2,	$1,585.00
District No, 3.	$975.00
District No. 4,	$768.00

At this time upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the matter of bids
go over until 2 o'clock P.M. of this date.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an application for transfer of liquor license
of Daniel D. Hickey know as the Lincoln Hotel on Main street in said City to John B. Curtiss of
said City Upon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Griffith it was
ordered that said transfer be granted as provided by ordinance of said City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

At this time Commissioner Curtiss requested that he be excused from voting upon said motion for
the reason that he was a member of the Board whereupon said permission was granted to him by the
Mayor and the Board, the vote on said motion and transfer of license was as follows towit:- 
Commissioners Griffith, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner
Curtiss not voting having been excused from voting.

At this time the Clerk before the Board an Ordinance To amend section 7 of Ordinance No. 33
entitled " An ordinance regulating to Distribution of Intoxicating liquors, and Regulating
places where such liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and Licenses
and Repealing Ordinance No. 3, and all ordinances or parts of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith."
and introducing new sections therein. for the first time to the Board whereupon motionbeing
duly made and carried it was ordered that this ordinance go over for the second reading of the
Board to be held on the first Wednesday in March 1914.

At this time upon motion by Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and
duly carried it was that this Board stand adjourned until 1:00 o'clock P.M. of this date. the vote
being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, No, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor
the Mayor voting aye.

Board convened again at one o'clock P.M. present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners
Griffith, Curtiss, & Sullivan present with the Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time a committee of ladles of the City composed of Mrs W.B. Mundy, Mrs I.C. Johnson
and Mrs A. Long of said City appeared before the Board and made and report upon the cemetary question
as heretofore requested so to do by said Board, and informed the Board that they had an agreement
with the Railroad company or Salt Lake R.R. Co. for a plot of ten acres of land in and near the
Stewart ranch for cemetary purposes and requested the Board that they set aside a certain sum
of money for the improvement of the same, whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded
by Commissioner Curtiss it was ordered that the sum of $300.00 be set aside at this time for cemetary 

purposes said money to expended under the supervision of the Board of City Commissioners of
said City, the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan
aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins aye.

At this time the Clerk informed the Board that there was four applications for liquor permits
in said City whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss that
all liquor application for permits be laid over until the next regular meeting of the Board the
being as follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan No. and his honor