Office of City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada

Las Vegas, Nevada, July 3rd, 1918.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the above mentioned date, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners John F. Miller
W.H. Elwell, and J.M. Ullom, the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers approved as read and placed on file, except the report of C.D. Breeze as
Municipal Judge which was ordered referred back for more complete report.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas were allowed except the claim of C.D. Breeze as Municipal
Judge which was held up pending his filing a complete written report for the Month of June. 1918.

At this time the question of employing a city day Policeman coming on before the Board it was
upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the following resolution be adopted." Resolved
that the employment of James W. Squires as day policeman on a salary having expired June 13th, 1918
and that the office be and the same is hereby declared vacant and to have been vacant since June 13th
1918.

At this time Mr C.L. Connelly appeared before the Board regarding the installing of Fire Hydrants
in Bucks addition to Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and it appearing to the Board that the question of
Fire protection in said District was for the best interest and safety of said resident district it
was upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Ullom and duly carried ordered
that the following resolution be adopted as follows towit; " Resolved that the City furnish two or
more fire plugs on the water system, now operated by C.L. Connelly, under implied permission from
the City of Las Vegas, the said Plugs to be of such character, and at such place or places as the
Fire and Police Commissioner shall direct, such work to be done under the direction of such Fire and
Police commissioner; such plugs to be furnished and installed under express conditions that so long
as the said C.L. Connelly shall maintain and operate or be permitted to maintain or operate such
system in the furnishing of water to there he shall furnish water for the extinguishing of fires, and
for the practice and testing of fire plugs free to the City of Las Vegas and for the sprinkling of
Fremont street as extended from the termination at boundaries of Clark's Las Vegas townsite to Ladds
addition free of charge to the City of Las egas.

This ordinance shall not estop the City of Las Vegas from regulating or revoking the said license

or permit now operated by C.L. Connelly , Title in said Fire plugs to remain in the City of Las Vegas

Nevada, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Miller, aye, Elwell, aye,
Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

The vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Miller, aye, Elwell, aye,
Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. noes None.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board that C.L.J. Clark has not returned to
the City of Las Vegas certain fire hose which was loaned to the said A.L. J. Clark for use in
developing a well in Mc Williams townsite, whereupon motion of Commissioner Ullom and seconded by
Commissioner Miller and duly carried it was was ordered that the Clerk of this Board be and is hereby
instructed to write to the said A.L.J. Clark requesting that he return said Fire Hose to the said
City of Las egas, Nevada. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Miller
aye, Elwell, aye, Ullom, aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. noes none.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board in August.