Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

June 5th, 1912.

At a regular'meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
June 5th, A.D. 1912. Present Hon. Peter Buol Mayor, Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern and
Von Tobel. roll called all answered present.

Minutes of the last regular and special meeting read and approved as read, Reports of officers
read and approved as read, All claims against the City allowed per claim book.

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner Von Tobel reported to the Board that he had looked
into the matter relating to the purchase of horses, harnesses and other matters relating to the
fire Department of said City, and after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon
motion of McGovern and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried ordered that said report be laid on
the table, the vote being cast as follows towit, Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, McGovern, aye, von
Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

This being the time set by the Board for the opening of Bids on the purposed fire alarm system
in said City and the Clerk having reported that he had caused to be published in the Clark County
Review and notice to such effect, it was then ordered that said Bids be opened whereupon the Clerk
opened the following bids and read the same in full to the Board.

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 5th, 1912.

To the Board of City Commissioners City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Gentlemen:

I offer to install an electrically operated Fire alarm System according to your plans and
specifications for the sum of Fifteen Hundred dollars($1500.00) Respectfully. Ed. C. Hall.

June 5th, 1912.

To his Honor the Mayor and City Council City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Gentlemen:-

In response to your invitation for bids on the installation of an electric Fire alarm system
we will agree to do the job according to plans and specifications for the sum of twelve hundred
and Ninety five Dollars. ($1295). Respectfully Yours , J.E. Hicks and Co. By J.E. Hicks.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing to the satisfaction of the

Board that the Bids of J.E. Hicks and Co. was the most satisfactory it was then upon motion of



Commissioner Coughlin, and seconded by Commissioner Von Tobel and duly carried with the following vote that

the Bid of J.E. Hicks be adopted and it si further ordered that said firm be compelled to file a

bond in the sum of not less than two thousand dollars, and the City Clerk and Mayor of said City

are hereby instructed to enter into a contract with the said J.E. Hicks and Company for the fulfillment

and completion of said Fire alarm system. the vote being as follows towit:- Stewart, No.

Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol aye.

At this time an ordinance defining and regulating the various duties of the Board of City Commissioners

and officers of said City was read before the Board for the first reading and it was upon
motion duly made and carried ordered that the same be laid over for the second reading.

At this time J.T. McWilliams presented the following before the Board which was read in full
To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners, Las Vegas, Nevada. Gentlemen:- We the undersigned citizens
and taxpayers residing in the original townsite of Las Vegas, Nevada, respectfully request you
that Clark Avenue, be graded, oiled and rolled for its entire length to 8th, street for a width of
twenty feet through the center. We wish to draw to your special attention the fact that no improvements

have ever been made in the original townsite by either the County or City since the town was
started seven years ago. the proposed sewer system does not reach to or improve our property, but
we have to largely help pay for it. Clark Avenue is the main traveled road to the Vegas Springs,
much visited by citizens of the railroad town and therefore would be of benefit and use to residents
of railroad town as well as of the original townsite. followed with the signatures of twelve property
owners in said district. after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of
Mc Govern and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried ordered that the Street Commissioner be instructed

to ask for bids for the graveling and oiling of said street as per petition, and report the