

Office of the City Clerk Clark County
Nevada.	March 15th, 1915.

This being the time set by the Board for the adjourned meeting of said Board as per resolution
adopted at the last regular meeting of the Board, and there not being a quorum present to carry
on said meeting as by law provided, nothing was done at this time and it was ordered by the
Mayor that all business go over until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Office of the City Clerk of Las Vegas Nevada.

April 7th, A.D. 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on on the above mentioned date present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners
E.W. Griffith, J.B. Curtiss, P.J. Sullivan, and E.E. Smith with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read by the Board.

Reports of office read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as appears more fully from Claim book
on file with the Clerk of said Board.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board for the second reading an Ordinance Numbered No.
60 of said City relating to amende Section one of Ordinance No. 57, of the City of Las Vegas
entitled an Ordinance to amend section seven of Ordinance No. 33, entitled an ordinance regulating
places where liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses and
repealing ordinance No. 3, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith , and
introducing a new section therein, as appears more fully in ordinance Book number one of said
City and known as ordinance No. 60 of said City. where upon motion of Commissioner Smith and
seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried it was ordered that said ordinance be and
the same is hereby passed, the vote upon aid ordinance being as follows towit:- Commissioner
Griffith, aye, Curtiss, No. Sullivan, aye, Smith aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye.

At this time Chas. E. McCarthy a Surveyor presented to the Board a map of the City of Las
Vegas Nevada with the official numbering on the same of all house numbers within the City of
Las Vegas Nevada, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion
of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried ordered that said
map be and the same is hereby approved as by ordinance heretofore passed by this Board and that
the City Clerk be and is hereby instructed to have official notice of the filing of said map and
the approval of the same published for a period of two weeks in the Las Vegas Age of said City
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye,
Sullivan aye, Smith aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk then proceeded to open bids as advertised for by said City for the