Upon motion of Commissioner Pembroke and seconded by Commissioner Conklin it was further resolved 

and duly carried that the City Treasurer be hereby directed to make a immediate demand for the payment
of said special assessment and collect the same and the collection to be a special fund for special ass-
essment District No. 7. The vote of said resolution being as follows, to-wit: Commissioner Conklin, aye
Pembroke aye and his honor W. E. Ferron voting aye. Noes none.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the contract for said side walk work on third street in Dist-
rict No. 7 with the bond in the sum of $500.00 for the completion of said work and said contract being in
regular form and the bond in accordance with law it was upon motion, being duly made and carried, ordered
that the contract be and the same is hereby accepted and the bond approved and the mayor and the clerk
of this board are hereby authorized and directed to sign said contract in behalf of the City of Las Ve-
gas. Nevada.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAs, NEVAdA.

JANUARY 5, 1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, in and for the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, present Hon. W. E. Ferron, Mayor with members Howard Conklin, Pembroke and Martin being
present with the clerk and City Attorney.

At this time it was upon motion being duly made and carried, ordered that this board stand
adjourned until Thursday, January 6, 1921 at two o'clock p. m. of said day.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

JANUARY 6,1921

The Board reconvened at two P.M. with the following members present: Commissioners
Pembroke and Conklin, and His Honor the Mayor. W.E. Ferron, together with the City Attorney
Frank A. Stevens and City Clerk Harley A. Harmon.

The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

All claims against the city were allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk
of the Board.

Reports of Officers read, approved as read and ordered placed on file.

Thereupon the clerk presente d to the Board Ordinance #80 for the second reading
the same having been read the first time at a regular meeting held December first, 1921.
Whereupon the same was read for the second time. Upon motion of Commissioner Pembroke and
seconded by Commissioner Conklin and duly carried it was ordered that said ordinance
#80 be passed as appears more fully in Ordinance Book #1 under Ordinance #80, of the
City of Las Vegas to which reference is hereby made the vote being as follows, to wit:
Commissioner Pembroke, Aye; Commissioner Conklin, Aye; and His Honor ,the Mayor, W.E. Ferron
voting Aye. Noes, none.

At this time Mr. C.V.T. Gilbert appeared before the Board regarding sidewalk
grades on Sixth Street near Bridger Street, whereupon it was advised that this matter
be referred to the street commissioner and that he have the grade established on
said Sixth Street.

At this time City Clerk Harley A. Harmon presented to the Board orally, his
resignation as City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas to take effect immediately. Where-
upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said resignation be and is 
hereby accepted.

The question of the appointment of a city clerk in and for the City of Las