and ending December 31st, 1914, and that the City Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue
a license to said Wharton Drug Company upon the payment to him of the sum required for said
retail druggists liquor establishment license. The vote upon said resolution was as follows:
Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor
W. E. Hawkins, aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board proposed ordinance Number 50 for second read-
ing, entitled "An ordinance to amend Section nine (9) of ordinance Number 33 of the City of
Las Vegas" "An ordinance regulating the distribution of intoxicating liquors, and regulating
Places where such liquors are sold, or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses
and repealing ordinance Number 3, and all ordinances, or parts of ordinances in conflict there-
with." Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved
that the charge for retail liquor license as set forth in proposed ordinance Number 50 of the
City of Las Vegas and now under consideration upon its final reading be amended and changed from
One hundred and fifty dollars per quarter, as set forth in the second paragraph of Section 9
and between lines 15 and 17 on the first page of the draft of said ordinance Number 50, so that
the charge for retail liquor license shall be One Hundred Dollars per quarter, and that the
City Clerk shall upon the passage of this motion make such amendment upon the draft of said
ordinance by interlineation. The vote upon such motion was as follows: Commissioners Griffith,
aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W. E. Hawkins, aye.

Noes, none.

Whereupon after making such change the clerk read for final reading proposed ordinance
number 50 as amended, as appears more fully in Book 1 or ordinances of the city of Las Vegas,
under ordinance Number 50. The vote upon said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Griffith,
aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W. E. Hawkins, aye.

Noes, none.

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner Smith presented to the Board request that the salary
of the Night Marshall be raised from $115.00 per month to $125.00 per to take effect January 1st.
A.D. 1914. Upon motion of Commissioners Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Smith it was duly
carried and ordered that said raise in salary be granted same to take effect January 1st, A.D. 1914.

the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, Curtiss, Smith, Sullivan, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes. None.

The question of changing the meeting time of the Board of City Commissioners in and for

the City of Las Vegas coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Smith and

seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried ordered the meeting time for said Board be

changed from the first Wednesday at eight o'clocK P.M. in each month to the first Wednesday in each month
at ten o'clocK A.M. of said day, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Comm-
issioners Griffith, aye, Curtis, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

The Board then tooK up the matter of the building sidewalks on certain streets in accordance
with petition filed with and presented to the Board. Street Commissioner Griffith reported
to the Board the estimate of the expenses of building such sidewalks, which report was ordered
to be filed with the Clerk of the Board. upon motion of commissioner Curtiss seconded by Commissioner 

Smith it was Resolved that the plats and digrams of the proposed sidewalk improvements as
are attached to each of said petitions be and the same are hereby adopted by the Board as the
plat and digram of the work and of the locality to be improved, and that such plats and diagrams
be filed with the City Clerk. for public examination, the vote on said resolution was as
Follows Commissioners Curtiss, Griffith, Smith and Sullivan voting aye, and his honor the Mayor
Voting aye,. Noes none.	The City Attorney exhibited to the Board a form of notice of intention