his honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Mc Govern and duly carried ordered
by the Beard that hereafter all Ordinance under the consideration of the Board be noticed by the
Clerk in the paper so as to give notice to the public of said pending action by the Board , the
vote being as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and
his honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

At this time the City Attorney presented te the Beard the petition that had been presented to
the Beard for there consideration regarding to building of a sidewalk on first street between
Fremont and Garceia Streets, it appearing to the Board that the City has not sufficient funds at

the present time to undertake this project it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by McGovern

and duly carried ordered that this matter be laid on the table the vote being as follow s
towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, No. and his honor the Mayor Peter
Buol voting No.

At this time a petition was presented to the Board asking that the City build a crossing on
Fremont across the alley between the Northern Hotel and the Nevada Hotel, after consideration upon
the part of the Board it was ordered that this matter be turned over to the Street Commissioner

with instructions to report to the Board at its next regular meeting that probable cost of said

work, the vote being as follows towit Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Von Tobel, aye.
and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a claim of the American Light and Water company
for the sum of $49.07 for supplies un paid for by the city contracted during the construction
of the sewer system in said City it appearing to the Board that the above claim is a true and
just claim against the City it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Stewart and duly carried
ordered that the same be paid, the vote being as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye,

Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

At this time the Light Commissioner Coughlin called the attention of the Board to the fact
of putting additional lights in the Alleys of the business sections of the City
whereupon motion duly made by Mb Govern and seconded by Stewart it was ordered that the Light
Commissioner be and is hereby instructed and given authority to use his best judgement in the
matter and if found that the same can be done for a nominal figure and would be a benefit to the
City is hereby empowered to established said lights. the vote being as follows: Stewart, aye
Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. voting aye.

The question of collecting merchandise and slot machine license in the said City
coming on before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the City Attorney
be and is hereby empowered to proscute and and all persons not paying said license.