Office of City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 6th, 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the 6th day of June A.D. 1917. Present Hon. W.B. Hawkins Mayor , With Commissioners Ball
Elwell, and Matzdorf, being present with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and adjourned meeting held read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las egas, Nevada read and approved as appears from claim book on
file with the Clerk of this Board.

The Clerk then presented a petition from the Barbers of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada requesting
to the Board to pass an Ordinance regulating the hours of opening and closing in said City whereupon
after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that this matter be laid over
until the next meeting of the Board.

An ordinance granting to the Standard Oil Company the right and privilege to erect storage

Tanks upon property situated on Main Street in said City of Las egas, coming on before the Board

for second reading, it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board upon motion of



Commissioners Ball and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that said ordinance be

rejected for the present site or location upon the ground that it is the opinion of this Board

that owing to the unsettled condition of the Country at the present time, and to the further fact

that said Oil storage tanks will be in the center of Town where the same is liable to be of great

danger to the inhabitants and property alike in the way of fire and explosion it is deemed to the

best interest of all concerned that the Clerk of this Board be and is hereby instructed to write to

said Standard Oil Company informing them that they the said Board of City Commissioners deem it to



the best interest of all that they the said Company be refused a permit to erect said Storage tanks
upon the ground as set forth in said Ordinance and same being passed upon the following vote towit;
Commissioner Ball, Elwell, and Matzdorf voting aye, with his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye, Noes none.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion of Commissioner Ball
and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned Seni
die.

Office of the City Clerk Las egas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 6th, 1917.

This being the time set by Law for the Newly elected members of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, to take office and there official Bonds and Oaths of office having
been duly filed and approved as by law provided and the Newly elected Mayor and Commissioners
having taken there Oath of Office as by Law provided; The Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor , C.P. Ball,

W.H. Elwell ,F.E. Matzdorf, and J.M. Ullom Commissioners elect being Present his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins then called the Board together and proceeded to the first business of the day, Where-
upon Motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Ullom and duly carried it was
ordered that all appointive office in and for said City be and the same ire hereby declared vacant,
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Ullom , aye, Matzdorf, aye,
Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting aye, Noes None.

The matter coming on before the Board was the appointing of a City Clerk , Whereupon the names
of Harley A, Harmon and E.H. Hunting were presented to the Board for there consideration Whereupon
Motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried it was ordered

upon the following vote that Harley A. Harmon be and is hereby elected to the office of City

		

Clerk in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, Commissioners Ullom , aye Matzdorf, aye, Elwell