Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

December 4th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment All members present except the Hon Peter Buol Mayor of sal City.

There being a quorum present the Board proceeded then proceeded with the regular business
of the Board with Mayor protem Ed.Von Tobel in the Chair.

All claims allowed per claim book, reports of officers read and approved.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that Louis C. Kelsey Engineer for
said sewer system be paid the sum of $400.00 as second, payment for services rendered said City
as per contract now on file with this Board. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye.
Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, and his Honor the Mayor protem Ed Von Tobel, aye.

An ordinance amending ordinance No. of the said City coming on before the Board for the
second reading was then read before the Board by the Clerk of said Board, after due consideration 

upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Stewart seconded by Mc Govern and duly
carried that said ordinance be passed as appears more fully from ordinance NO. one on file
with the Clerk of this Board. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin aye.

Mc Govern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel voting aye.

The question of an sewer inspector for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada coming on before the
Board and fixing the Salary of the same was after due consideration upon the part of the Board
and upon motion of Coughlin and seconded by Stewart and duly carried that the office of Sewer
Inspector in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada at a salary of $125.00 per month be and the
same is hereby created. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye. Coughlin aye.

Mc Govern aye, and his Honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded 



by Mc Govern and duly carried ordered that sewer Commissioner Coughlin bo and is hereby invested 

with fully authority and power to hire said sewer inspector. the votebeing cast as follows
towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye.

Upon motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Coughlin it was duly ordered and carried that
there be transferred from the general fund of the City the sum of five Hundred dollars ($500.00)
to the street department of the City. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye,
Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, and his honor the Mayor Protem Ed, Von Tobel, voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until the	Wednesday December 11th, A.D. 1912.

Office of the City Clerk in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada December 11th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present all members of the Board of City Commissioners 

except the Hon. Mayor peter Buol , there being a quorum present with the Hon Ed. Von Tobel.
Mayor protem preending the Board proceeded to business.

All claims against the sewer fund of the City allowed per claim book, and as appears on file
with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time John S. Parks of the consolidated Power and Telephone company appeared before
the Board of City Commissioners regarding the lighting of streets in said city after due consider