Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 11th, A.D. 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the above mentioned date
pursuant to adjournment Present Hon. W.E . Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners Curtiss, aye.
Sullivan, aye, and Smith. with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time Mr Riley appeared before the Board on behalf of the Chamber of Commerce rega-
rding the road south of town setting forth the facts to the Board that said road was not on
the section lines and advising that the Board take some action in the matter relative to having
the right of way straightened out so that said City would have an legal right of way over said
road, whereupon being duly made and carried it was ordered that said road matter be turned over
to the Commissioner of streets for investigation with instructions that he make an report to
the Board at its next regular meeting in June.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the application of A.H. Kramer for a retail

liquor license to conduct a saloon in the building known as the Oxford Building on first

street, H.M. Lillis appeared before the Board on behalf of said A.H. Kramer, whereupon after

through investigation on the part of the Board and it appearing to the Board that under an

Ordinance passed by said Board regulating the number of saloons in said City it was found that

the Board had no legal right to issue said retail liquor license it was upon motion of Commissioner
Smith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried ordered that said application be
and the same is hereby rejected and not allowed, the vote upon said resolution being as
follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time H.M. Lillis presented to the Board a petition of J.H. Ladd for permission to
lay water pipes in and through the streets and alleys of the Ladd's and Fairview Additions
to Clarks Las Vegas townsite, where upon after due consideration upon the part of the Board
it was upon motion of Commissioner Smith and duly seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly
carried ordered that said permission be and As hereby granted to the said J.H. Ladd as
prayed for in said petition, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Comm-
issioners Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye.

D.G. Lorenzi at this time appeared before the Board with a request for refund on license
where upon it was ordered by the Board that he put in a claim with the Clerk of this Board
and that the City Attorney be and is hereby instructed to look into said matter and report
to this Board at its next meeting.

L.H. Rockwell appeared before the Board and made verable complaint regarding the building
being erected by Dave Farnsworth next to the Building where the Troy Steam Laundry is situated
claiming that said building is in violation of the Fire ordinance of said City of Las Vegas
whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that this matter be
referred to the Fire and Police Commissioner of said City.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a petition for lights on Bridger Street
between fifth and sixth streets whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board 
it was upon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly
carried it was order d that said petition be rejected upon the ground that the finances of
said City at this time would not permit of any additional lights being established in said
City, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Sull-