the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioner Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye,

Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the application of John W. Horden as inspector of
said sidewalk to be constructed on main street in said City	where

upon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Elwell
and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that J.W. Horden be and is hereby
appointed to the position of sidewalk inspector for said concrete and cement sidewalk to be constructed
upon Main street in said City and further that he the said inspector be under the jurisdiction of
the Street Commissioner and that his salary for said work to be fixed at the sum of $4.00 per day
for each and every day that he said inspector worked, the vote upon said resolution being as follows
towit:— Commissioner Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

In the matter off special assessments for sidewalk improvements for Districts No. 5, and 6, coming
on before the Board for review and the City Assessor having heretofore filed the roll with the
special assessments on Districts 5 and 6, on the 3rd, day of May A.D. 1916, it was upon motion of
Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried ordered that the City Clerk
publish Notice of the hearing in the Clerk County Review a weekly newspaper published in the City

of Las Vegas Nevada, for four issues to the effect that said assessment roll is on file in the
office of the City Clerk for inspection and that the Board and City Assessor will meet on Wednesday
the 7th day of June at ten o'clock A.M. of said day 1916, in the office of the City Clark to review

said assessments at which time and place opportunity will be given to all persons interested to
be heard, the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks
aye and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion of Commissioners
Ball seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until
Wednesday May the 10th A.D. 1916. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:—
Commissioners Matzdorf. aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.

Hawkins voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 10th, 1916.

At a regular session of the Board fo City Commissioners held pursuant to adjournment Present
Hon. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor With Commissioners Matzdorf, Elwell, Ball and Hicks. with the City Clerk
and City Attorney.

This being the time set by the Board for the taking up of the contract for the drilling of a
well in the Woodlawn Cemetery of said City and the bid having been heretofore granted to Beckley
and Laubheimer at a meeting of said Board held on the 3rd day of May A.D. 1916, whereupon the
City Attorney H.M. Lillis then presented to the Board a written contract to be signed by the said.
Beckley and Laubheimer and the City of Las Vegas Nevada, whereupon after due consideration upon the
part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Hicks
and duly carried ordered that the contract as presented by the City Attorney for the drilling of
said week in Woodlawn Cemetery be and the same is hereby accepted and the Mayor W.E. Hawkins and the

City Clerk be and are hereby instructed to sign up said contract upon behalf of said City of Las Vegas

Nevada, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell

aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes none.

At this time Beckley and Laubehheimer then presented there official bond in the sum of $500.00