upon the members of said Board of Commissioners forthwith.

Ed. Von Tobel. Mayor Protem of Las Vegas.

Filed March 16th, A.D. 1912'

Las Vegas, Nevada, March 16th, 1912.

To. ED. Von Tobel. Mayor Protem, W.J. Stewart. J.J. Coughlin, and Chas. McGovern,

My Dear Sirs:- You will please take notice pursuant to a call of this day issued by the

Mayor protem of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said 

City will be held at the office of the City Clerk on the l6th, day of March A.D. 1912. at the

hour of eight o'clock P.M. for the purposes of considering the reported action of the San Perdo
Los Angeles and Salt Lake R.R. Company in the erecting of poles and stringing wires in the streets
in the City of Las Vegas, without procuring the consent of said City so to do. and to provide for such
investigation and for the taking of such action relative thereto as may by said Board be deemed
necessary and advisable.

Witness my hand and seal of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada this 16th, day of March A.D. 1912.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada.

Filed March 16th, 1912. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

State of Nevada
County of Clark) ss.

I, Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed and acting City Clerk in and for the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada do hereby certify that I did on the 16th, day of March A.D. 1912. make personal
service upon the person above named of the foregoing notice, handing them a copy of the same and
informing them of the contents of the same. and of the said special meeting to be held on the 16th,
day of March A.D. 1912.

Witness my hand and seal of the City this 16th, day of March A.D. 1912.

Harley A. Harmon , City Clerk.

Filed March 16th, A.D. 1912.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded

by W.J. Stewart and duly ordered that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do



in special meeting assembled hereby ordered and directed the City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas, to notify
the San Perdo, Los Angeles, and Salt Lake. R.R. Company. and the Las Vegas Land and water Company
to absolutely desist and refain from placing or installing, or attempting to place or install, in
or upon or along Bridger street in the City of Las Vegas, or in or upon or along any of the streets
alleys or highways of the City of Las Vegas any poles, wires or appliances for the purposes of conducting

electricity for heat, light or power purposes within the City of Las Vegas, or for telephone
or telegraph purposes, without having first obtained from the said City of Las Vegas, without first
having obtained from the said City of Las Vegas the right, permission, consent and authority so to do.

It is further resolved that the work of digging holes and the erection and installation
of wires by said Companies or either of them now in progress is without permission and consent of
this City, and without any right or authority and an encroachment upon the rights of this City.

The Vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern, aye, and
his honor the Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel.