-annually on the first day of January and the first day of July of each year at some bank mutually
satisfactory, and such bonds to be sold to the second parties at the price of Forty Thousand
Dollars, ($40,000.00) in lawful money of the united states of America and accrued interest at
the date of delivery and the parties of the second part as a portion of the purchase price to
furnish without expence to the City the lithographed bonds. the party of the first part further
agrees prior to the delivery of the bonds to the second parties in Kansas City, to furnish to
the second parties a complete certified transcript of the record of proceedings had in and
about the issuance of such bonds that will evidence their legality to the satisfaction of the
attorneys of the second parties. The parties of the second part hereby agree to purchase the
above mentioned sewer bonds on or before February 6, 1912. upon the terms and conditions above
set forth.

It is mutually understood and agreed between the parties hereto that as an evidence
of good faith under this agreement the first party is to hold and retain the certified check
for Four hundred Dollars, ($400.00) on the Commerce Trust Company of Kansas City, Missouri
heretofore deposited by the second parties with the first party; said Check to be held by the
first party until the bonds have been approved by the attorneys for the second parties, and
forfeited in the event the second parties decline to take the bonds after they have secured an
unqualified approving opinion from their own attorneys on said securities. Said check shall be
returned to the second parties in the event their attorneys decline to approve the bond issue.

This contract shall become a part of and control the endorsement heretofore made by the second
parties on said certified check, It is mutually understood between the parties hereto that the
bonds herein referred to are the bonds authorized to be issued by said City at an election held
in the City of Las vegas on the 10th, day of October, 1911. It is further mutually understood
and agreed between the parties hereto that upon the signing of this agreement by both of the
parties hereto and the return of one copy to the City of Las Vegas the second parties shall be
released from any and all liability to the City of Las Vegas arising or growing out of the bid
made upon said bonds by the second parties on December, 2, 1911. which said bid was accepted
by said City on the 6th, day of December, 1911. In Witness whereof, the said party of the
first part by and through its Mayor and City Clerk thereunto first duly authorized has hereunto
set its corporate name and signature; and caused the same to be duly attested by the seal of 
said City: and the said parties of the second part have hereunto set their name and signature,
the day and year in this agreement first above written.

Attest: (SEAL)

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

The City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
By Peter Buol.

Its Mayor.

Sutherlin & Company.

By ____________

It was then upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the foregoing contract be
adopted as read, and that the Mayor and City Clerk of said City are hereby authorized to
execute said contract on behalf of said City and forward the same to Sutherlin & Company for
their approval and signature the vote being cast as follows towit:- Commissioners Coughlin, aye,
McGovern aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye, There being
no further business before the Board, it was upon motion duly made and carried Ordered that the
Board adjourn untill the next regular meeting.