Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

April 24th, 1914.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the above mentioned date
held pursuant to adjournment present all members of the Board with the exception of E.E. Smith
with the Clerk and City Attorney.

The question of paying J.A. Delameter fifty per cent of contract price for work on side walks
on the East side of First side of First street coming on before the Board and the motion for paying
said money not receiving a second said second was lost.

At this time the Commissioner of street reported to the Board that the American Light and
water Company who put in the sewer in said City and owned a half interest in a certain Air compressor
was willing to pay the City of Las Vegas Nevada the sum of $200.00 as their share for said compressor
and the Board finding as a fact that the sum of $200.00 is a reasonable price for said compressor it
was upon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss ordered that said
Compressor be deposed of for the aforesaid price so far as the City of Las Vegas Nevada is concerned.
the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith aye,
Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that that this Board stand adjourned. until the next regular meeting of the Board in May.

Office of the City ClerK Las Vegas, Nevada.

May 6th, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 6th, day of May A.D. 1914. present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners
Griffith, Curtiss, and Sullivan.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and special meetings read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the
ClerK of this Board except the claims of Earnest LaKe, for the sum of 10.50 Wm O'Brien in the sum
of $4.50 Wwen Halpin, in the sum of $18.00 and W.J. Stewart in the sum of $20.00 which were ordered
laid over until the same were approved and O.K. by the Cemetery Committee.

Reports of officers read and approved and read before the Board.

At this time the City Attorney presented to the Board the permit granting to the Hotel Nevada
Mining Company permission to construct a pole line from the rear of the said Hotel to the City limits
in said City, whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said permit be laid
over until the next meeting of the Board.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned. until
1:30 P.M. of this date.

Board convened again at 1:30 P.M. present all members of the Board with the exception of E.E.
smith, At this time the Commissioner of Streets and Public property presented to the Board the
following towit:- " To the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada. Gentlemen
I respectfully report to the Board that I have examined the sidewalk worK on the North side of
Fremont constructed by J.A. Delameter and find that same is completed satisfactorily according to
his contract and the same is accepted by me. Amount of worK 7375 sq. ft. at 11 3/4 cts per sq. ft.

I further report that by the completion and acceptance of the worK in District No, 4, the

North side of Fremont street. I hereby declare that the said J.A. Delameter has fully completed all