Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.
January 6th, A.D. 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada.
held on the 6th day of January A.D. 1915, Present W.E. Hawkins Mayor. E.E. Smith, John B. Curtiss,
and E.W. Griffith Commissioners. with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time the Clerk presented the petition of Andrino and Webber before the Board for transfer
of location whereupon it appearing to the satisfaction of the Board that said petition is not in
accordance with Ordinance No. 33 of the City of Las Vegas governing saloon licenses it was upon motion
of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Curtiss and duly carried ordered that said petition be denied
upon the grounds that the same is not in accordance with Ordinance No. 33 of the City of Lae Vegas.
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye,

Smith, aye, and hie honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the application of Nelson Cimo of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, for permission to conduct a retail liquor establishment at the place comply known as the
Rainier owned by C. Muttecuti situated on first in block 16 of said City, and it appearing to
the Board that this is an application for a new license and that the ordinance of said City probihits
the issuance of new licenses it was therefore upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded
by Commissioner Smith and duly carried ordered that said application be and the same is hereby denied.
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye,
Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of a refund on sidewalk assessment on First street coming on before the Board

the Clerk presented the following resolution to the Board for there consideration. " Whereas, on



the 4th day of April, 1914, at a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada, it was ordered that an assessment of $1520, 82 be levied, charged
and collected on the whole property fronting and abutting on the East side of First street of said
City between the alley Which runs easterly and westerly through block 14 intersecting said first

street and Garces Street, except lots No. 15 and 16 in block 14, and more particularly known as

District No. 1, for the purpose of constructing a concrete sidewalk along the East side of said
street, and Whereas, the amount collected by said City from the owners of said property was $1419.84
being the assessment as levied less the sum of $100.98 the amount due from said City Where the
costs of said sidewalk exceeded 20% of the assessed valuation of the lots thereon, and Whereas,

the actual cost of the said sidewalk and the amount actually paid by said City for the construction

thereof was $1338.54 thereby showing the amount collected to be $81.28 in excess of the actual
cost and the amount paid out by the said City for the said work. Thereupon, Motion of Commissioner
Smith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss, it was ordered that the excess so collected, twit:— the
sum of $81.28 be rebated to said property owners of said district No. 1, in an amount proportionate
to each as to the number of dollars paid by the said property owners to the said City, being as follows 

towit:- the sum of $.0572 per $1.00 paid to said City, and the Clerk of said City is hereby
ordered to draw his warrant and the Treasurer directed to pay to said property owners of said
District No, 1, said sum of $00572 per $1.00 paid as shown by the assessment roll of said City.
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye,
Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor. W.E. Hawkins, voting aye.

The question of amending the fire ordinance coming on before the Board it was upon motion being
duly made and carried ordered that the City attorney be instructed to prepair an amended to said
ordinance for the next regular meeting of the Board. there being no further business before the
it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned.