tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and re-
pealing Ordinances Nos. 1,2,4,13,14 and 35" approved December 3, 1913, and amended Dec. 13, 1915
by Ordinance No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas, and farther amended March 5, 1919 by Ordinance #74
of the City of Las Vegas, by amending subdivision 27 of said section seven And adding a new sub-
division to be known as subdivision #44 to said section seven, all of which appears more fully
in Ordinance Book No. One of the City of Las Vegas, under Ordinance #75 of said city of which
reference is hereby made. Whereupon after reading said ordinance and the said reading being the
second reading it was, upon motion being duly made by Commissioner Miller and seconded by Comm-
issioner Ullom duly carried, that the above ordinance #75 be and the same is hereby passed to
become an Ordinance of said City. The vote upon said resolution being as follows, to-wit: Comm-
issioner Miller, aye; Commissioner Ullom, aye; and his Honor the Mayor, W. E. Hawkins, aye; noes
none.

The question of having a suitable exercise for the observing of Decoration Day of said

City coming on before the Board, and it appearing to the Board that a suitable exercise should be

held on Decoration Day, it was, therefore, ordered that the Mayor, W. E. Hawkins, issue a



proclamation setting aside Decoration Day as a public holiday, the same to be observed by the citizens
of the said city of Las Vegas . It was further ordered upon motion of Commissioner Miller and
seconded by Commissioner Ullom that a committee be appointed by the Board of City Commissioners
to formulate plans for the National Memorial Day, Friday, the 30th day of May, 1919, and it is
further ordered and directed that the formulating of said plans are carried out on said Memorial
Day under the jurisdiction and control of the members of the Cemetery Committee of the City
of Las Vegas. The vote upon said resolution was as follows; to wit: Commissioner Miller aye;
Commissioner Ullom, aye; and his Honor the Mayor, W. E. Hawkins, aye; noes none.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

June 4, 1919.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, Present Hon. W. E. Hawkins, Mayor, with Commissioners John F. Miller and
W. H. Elwell with the City Clerk and the City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of the officers approved.

At this time upon motion being duly made and carried, it was ordered that the sum of
One Hundred and Fifty ($150.00) Dollars be transferred from the Street Fund to the General Fund
of said city; further ordered that the sum of Eighty-five ($85.00) Dollars be transferred from
the Street Fund to the Salary Fund; further ordered that the sum of Fifty ($50.00) Dollars be
transferred from the Street Fund to the Light Fund of said city.

All claims against the city of Las Vegas allowed as per claim book on file in clerk's

office.

There being no further business before the Board and this being the last meeting of