Office of the City Clerk City of Las Vegas, Neva.

September 4th, A.D. 1912.

 At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
Present all members of the Board with his honor the Mayor , City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read, all claims allowed per
claim book.

At this time H.M. Lillis president of the School Board of the Las Vegas school district
appeared before the Board and presented the following petition:	" To the Hon. Board of City

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

Gentlemen: We the undersigned, the Board of Trustees of Las Vegas School District Number
Twelve(l2) , respectfully represent to your Hon. Body the following facts and conditions,  towit:-
That as school Trustees of said school District, we find that to successfully operate the heating
plant in the School Building of said district it requires an electric current during the entire
school day, and we further find the consolidated power and Telephone company is not in a position
to furnish the same during the school hours: The San Pedro Los Angeles and Salt Lake Rail

Road Company are in a position to furnish Electric current at night being a public Institution,
have consented to do so, provided your hon. Body will grant a right for them to put up the
necessary poles to convey the Current from their present line on Bridger Street Easterly to
said school House and allow them to make the necessary connections. We therefore pray your Hon.
Body to grant this permission and your petitioners will ever pray.

Henry M. Lillis President

Board of School Trustees Las Vegas	W.R. Thomas'Member



School District Number Twelve.	O.J. Enking Clerk.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board and upon motion of commissioner Stewart
seconded by Commissioner Mc Govern, the following resolution was duly adopted: Resolved that
the Las vegas School District No. 12 be and they are hereby granted a permit to erect and maintain
and operate a line of poles , with necessary wire and appurtenances along Bridger Street in Clarks
Las Vegas Townsite to connect with the power line of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company. for the
purpose of furnishing electric current to operate the heating plant of said school district .
the form terms and conditions of said permit to be determined by the Mayor and City Clerk subject 

to the approval of the City Attorney and the said permit to be executed on behalf of said City
by the said Mayor and City Clerk and approved by the City Attorney. the vote being cast as
follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye. Mc Govern, aye. Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the
Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

At this time Mr J. Walters appeared before the Board requesting that the Board take some
action relative to the reduction of the Barber license in said City and that the same be reduced,
to $2.50 per quarter after due consideration upon the part if the Board it was ordered that
said matter be laid over for this meeting until the next regular meeting of the Board in October.

The American Light and Water Company through H.W. Heingst applied to the Board for permission 

to vary from the plans and specifications as to the grades and depth of the sewer trench
in the alley between Fremont and Ogden streets and for that purposes that the grades and cuts
be adjusted along said alley line therefore upon motion of Commissioner $$$$$$$$$ Coughlin
Mc Govern and seconded by Commissioner Coughlin the following preamble and Resolution was duly
adopted. " Whereas American Light and Water Company has applied to the City of Las Vegas for
permission to vary from the plans and specifications as to the grades and depth of the sewer
trench in the alley between Fremont and Ogden Streets, and for that purpose has requested that
the grades and c uts be adopted along said alley, and, whereas, the adjustment of grades and
oust as hereinafter set forth has been advised and recommended by the consulting Engineer C.E.
Kelsey acting by and through his agent Mr Chatfield, and Whereas, such adjustment for the
purpose of allowing the variance aforesaid appears to this Board from the advise aforesaid can