and close at 6 o'clock p.m. on said day; that Mrs. Joe L. McQuade, Mrs. John Lightfoot and Mrs. C. E. Pembroke 

be and hereby are appointed Inspectors of such election at the City Fire House, in precinct No. one
and Mrs. J. J. Silk, Mrs, Emma Schuyler and Mrs. Beatrice Seare be and hereby are appointed Inspectors of
Election at Dr. Hal L. Hewetson's Garage in precinct No. two to conduct the same in accordance with the
Laws of the State of Nevada governing elections.

Be it further resolved that no candidate for office at said election shall be entitled to have his
name placed upon the official ballot unless such candidate, at least ten days before the date of such
election, file in the office of the City clerk, of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, a certificate of nom-
ination, in writing, containing the name of the person nominated. Such certificate shall be signed and
verified by the candidate seeking nomination and shall show that the nominee therein possesses the qual-
ifications as required by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada:

And be it farther resolved that all provisions of the law relating to general elections so far as the
same can be made applicable, and not inconsistent with the provisions of the City Charter of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be observed in conducting such election;

And be it farther Resolved, that the Mayor of the said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and is hereby
authorized and directed to issue a proclamation giving notice of the holding of said election. Such pro-
clamation to contain the substance of this resolution and such other matters necessary or required to ful-
ly and fairly appraise the qualified voters of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the date, time and places of
holding such election, the purpose thereof, the condition under which held, the names of the Inspectors,
the method and manner of classifying the commissioners, on ballot and such other matters as may be deemed
proper in the premises.

And be it farther Resolved that such proclamation be published in the Las Vegas Age, a newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, Nevada, for a period of at least four
consecutive weeks (four issues) prior to the date of such election and printed copies of such proclama-
tion be posted by the City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in six public places in said City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, for the same period of time, three of said proclamations to be posted in each of
said voting precincts.

And be it farther Resolved that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and she is here-
by authorized and directed to notify the duly elected, qualified and acting registry agent in and for
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, to open Registration Books for the registration of the voters of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for said election at the time and in the manner provided by the laws of the
State of Nevada, governing the registration of voters in incorporated cities. Registration books shall
be open March 17, 1921.

And be it further Resolved that for the purpose of complying with the general law of the State of
Nevada, governing elections and for the purpose of giving the qualified voters of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, a full and fair opportunity of casting their ballots at such election, the city of Las Vegas, Nevada 

be and is hereby divided into two (2) voting election precincts described as follows, towit:

All that portion of the city of Las Vegas, Nev., lying and being north of the center line of Carson
Street extended easterly and westerly across the city of Las Vegas, Nev., shall be designated and known

as Las Vegas City voting precinct number one (1), and all that portion of the city of Las Vegas, Nev.,
lying and being south of the center line of carson street extended easterly and westerly across the
City of Las Vegas, Nev. shall be designated and known as Las Vegas Voting Precinct Number Two (2).

Be it farther Resolved that the City Clerk of the city of Las Vegas, Nev. be and she is hereby
authorized and directed to have the official ballots prepared and to do and perform all such acts and
give such notices as may be necessary or required of him in order that the said election may be called
and held and the qualified voters may have due notice thereof as required by the laws of the State of Nev.
governing and as required by the provisions of the city charter of the city of Las Vegas, Nev. and this resolution."

This being the time set by law for the preparation of a Budget, thereupon the board proceeded to
take up the budget and tax levy for the year 1921, in accordance with the provisions of said state, and,

the matter being discussed at length it was ordered, upon motion being duly made by Commissioner Con-