Wm. L. Pearson#1, A.C. Petty#l, WmK. Moore #1, M.E. Clancey #1, Chas H. Todd#2, J. Fleming #2,

Bert French#2, J. Squires #1, E. Fluckenger #2, E. Miller #2, E. Lake #1,

It appearing to the Board from the evidence produced that said F_re Company had resigned
it was then upon motion of Stewart and seconded by McGovern and duly carried ordered that the
said resignation of said Fire Companies No.1, and No.2, be accepted, the vote being as follows
towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor
Peter Buol voting aye.

At this time an ordinance regulating the Fire Department of said City Coming on before the

Board for second reading and the same being read in full to the Board it was upon motion of 

McGovern and seconded by Stewart ordered that said ordinance be passed as read as appears more

fully in ordinance Book one of said City under ordinance No. 30. to which reference is hereby

made, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel,

aye and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

At this time Fire Commissioners von Tobel called to the attention of the Board the fact that

under and order of the Board of December 9th, 1911. it was among other things ordered that the

Chief of the Fire Department was to receive the monthly sum of $2.50 per month and the further sum

	

of $4.00 for each fire attended, stating to the Board that the, said orders was conflicting with
the order of the Board passed April 3rd, 1912. It was then upon motion of Stewart and seconded
by McGovern and duly carried ordered that, that part of the minutes of December 9th, 1911,
relating to the Salary of the Fire Chief be rescinded, the vote being cast as follows towit:-
Stewart aye, Coughlin aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol aye.

The question of an Fire alarm system in the said City of Las Vegas coming on before the
Board it was due consideration upon the part of the Board, and upon motion of McGovern and
seconded by Coughlin and duly carried ordered that the Clerk of this Board is hereby instructed
to advertise for bids for the construction and maintaining of, a fire alarm system in said
City as per palnse drawn by J.E. Hicks and now on file in the office of the City Clerk of said
City. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel
aye and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye.

The question of providing better fire equipment for the City coming on before the Board and

after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded

by Commissioners Coughlin, and duly carried that the Fire commissioner is hereby instructed

to obtain any and all information regarding the expence of purchasing horses, Harnesses and


other supplies necessary for the improvement of said fire Department. and to report the same

 at the next regular meeting the vote being cast as

follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the

Mayor Peter Buol aye,.

At this time the Committee appointed by the Mayor to inquire into the Fire Auto system
reported progress and asked for additional time to gather information, the same being granted.

It was upon motion of von Tobel and seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that this
Board adjourn until Friday May the 3rd, 1912. the vote being cast as follows: Coughlin aye,

Stewart aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.