Board that the following resolution be adopted, being on motion of Commissioner Martin,

seconded by Commissioner Brickie:

"RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized
and directed to notify the City Treasurer that for the remain-
der of the year 1921 on and until the further order of this
Board, all moneys received from licenses and fines be apportioned 

as follows, towit:

Twenty-five (25%) per cent of said licenses and fines shall be
placed in the Light Fund of said City; Twelve and half (12 1/2%)
per cent of said licenses and fines shall be placed in the
Cemetery Fund of said city, and the remaining Sixty-two & 1/2 (62 1/2%)
per cent of said licenses and fines shall be placed in the Police
and Fire Fund of said city."

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioner Hodgens, Brickie, Martin, Anderson and
his honor the Mayor Chas. Ireland voting aye. Noes none.

There being no farther business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
upon motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Anderson and duly carried that
this Board stand adjourned until the 20th day of September, AD. 1921, at the hour of three o'clock
P.M. of said. day.

	OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OP LAS VEGAS,

Las Vegas, Nevada, September 20,1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, held on the 20th day of September, A.D. 1921, at the hour of 3 o'clock p.m.

Present: Mayor Chas. Ireland with Commissioners Thomas R. Hodgens, Lou Martin and Harry N.
Anderson, Commissioner Frank Brickie being absent.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and it was the order of the Board that the follow-
ing correction be made towit: "Whereupon it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens seconded by Commissioner Brickie, that said resignation of Chas. Ireland, as Mayor of the
City of Las Vegas, be accepted with regret to take effect on the first Tuesday in October." Voting:
Commissioners Hodgens, Brickie, Martin and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor Chas. Ireland aye. Nones
none. Whereupon the minutes were read as corrected and approved.

All bills were allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board, excepting the
bill of the American-LaFrance Fire Engine Company, which was ordered returned for correction; and
the bill of the Rhoades Garage, which was also ordered returned for correction.

The communication from the Federal Power Board was laid over for the present.

At this time Mayor Ireland being called from the meeting on business, Mayor pro tem Thomas R.
Hodgens assumed the chair.

After a discussion of the provisions of the Plumbing Ordinance it was moved by Commissioner Mar-
tin, seconded by Commissioner Anderson and duly carried, that the City Attorney be and he is hereby,
instructed to draw up an amendment to Ordinance No. 36 of the City of Las Vegas entitled: "An Ordi-
nance providing for the issuance of Plumbing and Sewer Connection permits, for the inspection of
plumbing and sewer connections and for the regulation and construction of plumbing work in the City
of Las Vegas.", providing for fees for inspection in the case of cleaning and repairing waste pipes
without the substitution of new material be temporarily suspended pending the adoption of the
amendment to ordinance No. 36, above referred to. Voting Commissioners Anderson and Martin, and His
Honor the Mayor Pro Tem, Thos. R. Hodgens.

It was moved by Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Martin and duly carried that
the City Attorney be and he is hereby, directed to prepare a form of permit for use where repairs
are made and new material used. Voting Commissioners Anderson and Martin and his Honor, the Mayor