the balance of said claim be presented to this Board within sixty days after the completion of
said contract of February 17, 1914 as by said contract provided. Be it further Resolved that
the said sum of $1430.56 be and the same is hereby declared to be included as one of the items
of the cost of construction of said sidewalk, and that the balance of the items chargeable to
the special assessment account are declared to be as follows advertising notices and Ordinances
$$45.95 inspectors fees $25.00 making an aggregate cost of said improvement to be borne by special
assessment of $1501,51 less the excess of $96.60 above mentioned, to be paid out of the General
Fund. the vote on said resolution being as follows Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith aye,
Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion being duly made by Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss
and duly carried ordered that the following resolution be adopted: Whereas, J.A. Delameter
has filed with this Board a claim in the sum of $675.62 as compensation in full for the construction
of the sidewalk on the south side of Fremont street under contract with the City of Las Vegas bearing
date the 17th day of February, 1914, and, Whereas, there said work has been accepted as completed
by the Commissioner of streets and Public property as shown by the report of said Commissioner on
file with this Board, and Whereas, it appears to this Board that there is noe due under the terms
of said contract to the said J.A. Delameter fifty per cent. of the contract price, viz: $337.81
payable out of the special assessment funds of District No, 3, Now Therefore, Be it resolved that
the said claim be and the same is hereby allowed to the extent of fifty per cent thereof, viz:

in the sum of $337.81, and the same is hereby ordered to be paid out of special assessment funds
of District No, 3, That such payment be made to J.A. Delameter and his assigns as their interests
appear, viz: $315.04 to the First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada Inc. as assignee of that amount
from said J.A. Delameter and the balance of $22.77 to be paid to the said J.A. Delameter out
of the sum at this time allowed. That the balance of said claim be presented to this Board within
sixty days after the completion of said contract of February 17, 1914 as by said contract provided.

Be it further resolved that the said sum of $675.62 be and the same is hereby declared to be
included as one of the items of the cost of construction of said sidewalk, and that the balance
of the items chargeable to the special assessment account are declared to be as follows: Advertising
ordinances and notices: $44.45 Inspectors fees $15.00 making a total cost chargeable to special
assessment account of $735.07 the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Griffith aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried
the following resolution was duly adopted. " Whereas, J.A. Delameter has filed with this Board
a claim in the sum of $866.56 as compensation in full for the construction of the sidewalk on the
North side of Fremont street under contract with the City of Las Vegas bearing date the 17th, day
of February, 1914, and , Whereas, the said work has been accepted as completed by the Commissioner
of Streets and public Property as shown by the report of said Commissioner on file with this Board
and Whereas, it appears to this Board that there is now due under the terms of said contract to
the said J.A. Delameter fifty per cent. of the contract price, viz: $433.28, payable out of special
assessment funds of District No, 4, Now Therefore, Be it Resolved that the said claim be and the
same is hereby allowed to the extent of fifty per cent thereof, viz: in the sum of $433.23, and
the same is hereby ordered to be paid out of the special assessment funds of District No, 4,

That such payment be made to J.A. Delameter and his assigns as their interests appear, viz:

$433.28 to be paid to the said J.A. Delameter out of the sum at this time allowed. That the balance
of said claim be presented to this Board within sixty days after the completion of said contract
of February 17, 1914, as by said contract provided. Be it further resolved that the said sum
of $866.56 be and the same is hereby declared to be included as one of the items of the cost of
construction of said sidewalk, and that the balance of the items chargeable to the special assessm-
ent account are declared to be as follows: Advertising ordinances and notices $44.45 Inspectors
fees $14.00 making a total cost chargeable to special assessment account of $925.01. the vote on