being as follows towit:— Commissioner Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the
Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the application of W.R. Thomas for permission to
extended his porch along Fremont street over said sidewalk on the building commonly known as the
W.R. Thomas block, whereupon motion being duly made by Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Comm-
Smith and duly carried it was ordered by the Board that said permit be and the same is hereby granted
to him upon hit complying with the ordinance relating to the fire limits in said City. the vote
being as follows towit:— Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of turning the building formerly occupied by the County officials of Clark County
to the Mesquite Club of said City for a public Library coming on before the Board and after due
consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered by 
the Board that this matter be laid over until the 18th, day of December 1914, for further considera-
tion by the Board.

The question of extending lights on Main street North in said City and out on Fremont below
sixth street in said City Coming on before the Board it was due consideration upon the part of the
Board and duly carried ordered by the Board upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by
Commissioner Smith and duly carried ordered that two more light be erected on main Street running
North on said street and two more lights on Fremont street running east on said street, the vote on
said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye,
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a letter from Annetia Gonzolas asking for a retail
liquor permit to conduct a saloon on First street at the place known as the Arcade saloon in said
City where upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered the Board that the Clark of
this Board be and is hereby instructed to Ratify the said Anneta Gonzalas that under Ordinance passed
by this Board no new licensee could issued by this Board.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered by the Board that this Board stand adjourned until the 18th , day of December 1914 at ten
o'clock A.M. of said day, to consider any and all matters that shall come before it.