of the City of Las Vegas establishing a City Dump ground and regulating the Storage and removal of
Garbage." Whereupon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that this Ordinance be laid over
until the next regular meeting for second reading.

At this time the Mayor announced the appointment of Dr. Roy W. Martin as Local Health
Officer as per Ordinance No. 78, whereupon motion of Commissioner Pembroke and seconded by Commiss-
ioner Conklin and duly carried it was ordered that the compensation of said City Health Officer be
and the same is hereby fixed at One Dollar per month. The vote upon said resolution being as follows
to-wit: Commissioner Pembroke, aye; Commissioner Conklin, aye; His Hon. the Mayor W. E. Ferron
voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 77
for the first time whereupon motion of Commissioner Pembroke and seconded by Commissioner Conklin
it was resolved that said Ordinance amending No. 77 be and the same is hereby laid upon the table
by the following vote: Commissioner Pembroke aye, Commissioner Conklin aye. his Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

There being no further business before the board it was ordered that this Board stand
adjourned until the next regular meeting.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAs, NEV.

May 11, 1920.

This being the time set by the Board of City Commissioners for a special meeting as per
call issued by the Mayor, W. E. Ferron, of said city, for the purpose of organizing a Board of
Health of the City of Las Vegas and to consider the adoption of a set of Rules and Regulations
governing the health conditions in said city of Las Vegas and the following members were present:
his Hon. the Mayor, W. E. Ferron, Commissioners Howard Conklin, C. Pembroke and Lou Martin
and the Clerk and the District Attorney.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the official call as issued by the Mayor
as follows:

"Las Vegas, Nev. May 10, 1920.

To Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada.

A Special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby called, to be held at the Office of said Board of Commissioners in the
County Court House at Las Vegas Nevada at the hour of 2 o'clock P.M. on Tuesday
the 11th day of May, 1920, for the purpose of organizing the Board of Health of
the City of Las Vegas, and to consider for adoption a set of Rules and Regula-
tions governing health conditions in the City of Las Vegas, and to transact such
other business as may come before said Board of Health.

You will give notice of such meeting accordingly.

W. E. Ferron

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas."

The Clerk then presented to the Board the Notice as issued by the Mayor, as follows:

"To Messrs. Howard Conklin
Lou Martin, C. E. Pembroke and
his Honor W. E. Ferron

Dear Sirs:

This is to advise you that the Mayor Hon. W. E. Ferron, Mayor of the City
of Las Vegas Nevada has called a special meeting of the Board of City Commiss-
ioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada for the 11th. day of May, 1920, for the
purpose of organizing a Board of Health of the City of Las Vegas and considering
the adoption of a set of rules for the Health Board of the City of Las Vegas, Nev-
ada, and to transact any other business that might come before said Board.

You will therefore put forth your best efforts to be present at said meet-
ing.

In Witness Whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, this 10th day of May, 1920.

Harley A. Harmon
City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada."

At this time the question of creating a Health Board and electing a permanent Chairman
and Secretary it was upon motion being duly made and carried, ordered that said Health Board be