work provided for in his contract with the City of Las Vegas of date the 17th, day of February, 1914.
and that all of the work provided thereunder has been accepted by me. E.W. Griffith.

Commissioner of streets and public

property.

Whereupon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried
it was ordered that said report be accepted. the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Curtiss, Griffith, Sullivan , aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

Upon motion of commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss the following resolution
 was duly adopted, Whereas, J.A. Delameter has filed with this Board a claim in the sum of
$1439.37 as compensation in full for the construction of the sidewalk on the East side of First
Street under contract with the City of Las Vegas bearing date the 17th, day of February, 1914, and
Whereas, the said work has been accepted as completed by the Commissioner of Streets and public
Property as shown by the report of said Commissioner on file with this Board, and Whereas, there
is now due under the terms of the said contract to the said J.A. Delameter fifty per cent. on the
contract price, viz: $719.68, of which sum there is payable out of the general funds of the City
the sum of $100.80 as the aggregate amount to be borne by the city on those lots on First Street
whose assessed valuation would not pay the full pro rata of the cost of said improvement as shown
by the assessment roll for District NO, 1, the balance of $618.88 being payable out of the special
assessment funds for Assessment District No, 1, Now Therefore, Be it Resolved that the said claim
be and the same is hereby allowed to the extent of fifty per cent. thereof, viz: in the sum of
$719.68, and the same is hereby directed to be paid as follows: $100.80 out of the general fund
of the City of Las Vegas, and $618.88 out of the special funds for District No, 1, That such
payment be made to J.A. Delameter and his assigns as their interests appear, viz: $719.68 to the
First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, inc. as assigned of the said J.A. Delameter. That the balance
of said claim be presented to this Board within sixty days after the completion of said contract
of February 17, 1914 as by said contract provided. Be it further resolved that the said sum of
$1439.37 be and the same is hereby declared to be included as one of the items of the cost of
construction of said sidewalk, and that the balance of the items chargeable to the special assess-
ment account are declared to be as follows: Inspectors fees $37.00 Publication cost of notices and
Ordinances $44.45 making and aggregate cost of said improvement to be borne by special assessment
of $1520.82, less the excess of $100.80 above mentioned, to be paid out of general fund.
the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye,
Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss the following was
adopted by the Board, Whereas, J.A. Delameter has filed with this Board a claim in the sum of
$1430.56 as compensation in full for the construction of the sidewalk on the East side of second
Street under contract with the City of Las Vegas bearing date the 17th day of February, 1914, and
Whereas the said work has been accepted as completed by the Commissioner of Streets and Public
property as shown by the report of said Commissioner on file with this Board, and Whereas there
is now due under the terms of the said contract to said J.A. Delameter fifty per cent, of the
contract price, viz: $715.28 , of which sum there is payable out of the general fund of the City
the sum of $96.60 as the aggregate amount to be borne by the City on those lots on Second Street
whose assessed valuation would not pay the full pro rata of the cost of said improvement as shown
by the assessment roll for District No, 2, the balance of $618.68 being payable out of the special
assessment funds for Assessment District NO, 2, Now Therefore, Be it resolved that the said claim
be and the same is hereby allowed to the extent of fifty per cent, thereof, viz: in the sum of
$715.28, and the same is hereby directed to be paid as follows: $96.60 out of the general fund
of the City of Las Vegas, and $618.68 out of the special funds for District No, 2, That such
payment be made to J.A. Delameter and his assigns as their interests appear, viz: $715.28 to
the First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, inc. as assignee of the said J.A. Delameter . That