agent within and for the Township of Las Vegas, and City of Las Vegas by virtue of his office of Justice
of the Peace of said township, and , It further appearing to this Board that the said H.M.

Lillis as Justice of the Peace of said Township and ex-officio Registry agent therein had during
the time required by law and the said Ordinance and the said Notice of sewerage bond election
kept open and registered as required by law the qualified electors of the City and precinct of Las
Vegas, Now Therefore, Be It hereby Resolved by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas that the authorization made and given by Paragraph 6 of said ordinance be and the same
is hereby rescinded and annulled, and that the inspectors , Judges and Clerks of election Board be and
they are hereby authorized and directed to disregard and reject any registration books, lists or
papers made and prepared by said G.A. Case, Municipal Judge for said election, and they are hereby
further authorized and directed to accept and use at said election the registration books, lists,
and papers prepared for said election by H.M. Lillis, Justce of the Peace of Las Vegas, Township
Clark County, Nevada, and that the City Clerk be and he is hereby authorized to transmit to the
said Election Board and to the said H.M. Lillis each a certified copy of this resolution.

1. H.M. Lillis the duly appointed registering agent for the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, do solemnly swear that I will perform all the duties of Register agent in and for the City
of Las Vegas, according to law and the best of my ability, and that in the discharge of my duties as
such register agent, I will honestly endeavor to prevent fraud, deceit or any ether manner of abuse
of elective franchise So. Help me God.	H.M. Lillis.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th, day of September 1911,

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

The Clerk further reported that he furnished H.M. Lillis, register agent and G.A. Case,
a Notice of a special election to be held in the City of Las Vegas, by the qualified voters thereof
to vote upon the question of issuing bonds for sewerage purposes and had requested that the said
Register agent to post said notices in three conspicuous places in said City and he presented a copy
of said notice with proof of posting as follows.

Notice of Election for Sewerage Bonds for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Notice is hereby Given that on Tuesday the 10th, day of October , 1911. at the fire House on Second
Street in the said City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, a special election of the
qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas will be held to vote upon the question of issuing Bonds
of said City to the extent of $40,000.00 Dollars for the purpose of constructing a sewerage system
for and in said City, which election shall not be opened not later than 8'clock A.M. and shall
continue until 6 o'clock P.M. of the same date. Dated this 8th, day of September 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark )ss.

1. H.M. Lillis duly appointed, qualified and acting register agent in and for the
City of Las Vegas County of Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify that the attached notice of
election for sewerage bonds for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, from the Clerk of the Board of the
City Commissioners, for said City and posted three of said notices in three conspicuous and public
places in said City, of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada. $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ as by law provided.

H.M. Lillis.

Registry agent for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th, day of October A.D. 1911.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk and ex-officio Clerk

of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Cark County, Nevada.

The Clerk further reported that the said H.M. Lillis as register agent had caused a

Notice to be published in the Clark County Review and he Las Vegas Age. for three consecutive
weeks to the effect that he the said H.M. Lillis, had been appointed register agent for the purpose