Dr. W.S. Park appeared before the Board at this time and ask that the City take steps to
secure W.P.A. aid on a City Beautification Project.

On motion	of Commissioner	Gilbert	seconded by Commissioner Krause it was	moved and	carried

that the Board	of Commissioner	contact	Gilbert Ross, State W.P.A. Director in	regard to	securing

aid for a "City beautification Project"

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the report of Municipal Judge Blad for the month of July be accepted. Fines collected
for the month $311.00

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Bids for	the purchase of	lamps for the City of Las Vegas were opened at	this time	and it

appearing to the Board that the	bid of	Luce & Goodfellow Inc was the best bid	it was on	motion of

Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow moved and carried that the bid of Luce and
Goodfellow Inc. be accepted for the purchase of lamps for the City for the ensuing year.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that A.B. Chewing be granted a tavern liquor license for 123 So 1st. Said application
having been approved by the Chief of Police Frank Wait.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

At this time a number of citizens appeared before the Board in regard to the City con-
structing a municipal air port.

No action was taken on the matter at this time.

Ray Smith appeared before the Board and ask that the City take the necessary steps to
vacate the tract know as "Boul" addition.

This matter was referred to City Attorney Austin and same to be referred back to the Board
at its next meeting.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the Purchasing Clerk purchase a phase meter for the pump at the City Park same to cost
approximately $40.00.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time it was on motion of Commis-
sioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause moved and carried that this meeting recess until
Friday the 16th day of August, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon said meeting recessed until Friday the 16th day of August, 1940 at the hour
of seven thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

AUGUST 16th, 1940.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 16th day of August, 1940.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and

Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

Minutes of regular meeting of August 5th read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Warrants Nos. 384 to 389 be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that a retail beverage license be granted to Sam Poulos for 320 Fremont Street and
three slot machine licenses be granted N Mack for the State Cafe.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the following regular employees be granted vacations; with pay:

Fred Tisdial from August 16th to 30, Ike Pullum August 19th to Sept 3rd, Mike Pinjuv
August 19th to Sept. 3rd and E.U. Baxter from Sept. 5th to Sept 19th with an additional week
Sept. 20th to 26th at his own expense.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

none.