Mr. Gelber appeared before the Board at this time and requested the return of his
annual license fee or the enactment of a new electrical ordinance, it appearing that a num-
ber of contractors have not paid their license due to a recent decision in the District
Court. Mr. Tinch moved that the matter be referred to the City attorney seconded by Mr.

Smith and by unanimous vote of the Board the motion was carried.

Upon motion of Mr. Clark seconded by Mr. Rubidoux and by unanimous vote of the
Board it was ordered that a certain requisition for 10# of emory dust be allowed.

Mr. Smith moved that in the event that one of the requisitions is brought to him,
signed by the chairman of the Cemetery Board, that he be authorized by this Board to sign
the same. Seconded by Mr. Clark. Vote: Ayes, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor the Mayor. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Byron Snyder appeared before the Board, at this time, as a representative of
the Soft Ball Association and stated that there was a lot of work to be done on the City
Park ball field and requested the cooperation of the City, stating that it was necessary
move two light poles and fix the bleachers. It appearing that this matter came under
the supervision of the Street Commissioner the matter was referred to him.

The Clerk then read a resolution regarding the establishing of an advisory
Board for the airport and the matter was referred to the City Attorney.

Upon motion by Mr. Smith seconded by Mr. Clark that the Clerk write a letter
to Dr. Little regarding the proposed Health Center to be established here, stating
that the City was awaiting the answer given to the County commissioners and advising
him that the City stands ready to cooperate in any way possible. Voter ayes, Smith,

Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor the Mayor. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Biggs appeared before the Board at this time protesting the appointment
of Pat Clark as water, sewer and light commissioner, stating that a number of voters
wished to see Mr. Clark as the Street Commissioner. The Mayor stated that he would
take the matter under advisement.

Mr. Rubidoux presented specifications for two garbage trucks.

Upon motion of Mr. Clark seconded by Mr. Tinch and carried by the unanimous
vote of the board, it was authorized that bids be sent out for two new trucks for
garbage hauling.

Mr. Grant appeared before the Board again urging them to contribute the sum
of $250 to the USO. Upon motion by Mr. Smith seconded by Mr. Rubidoux and upon the
unanimous vote of the Board, it was ordered that the City pledge the sum of $250.00
to be paid just as soon as funds are available and the audit of the books has been
made.

Upon motion of Mr. Clark seconded by Mr. Tinch that the time for the acceptance
of the bids on the radio control tower be extended to June 11,1941 at the hour of 7:30
p.m. Said bids to be in the city clerk's office before 4:00 P.M., of said date. Vote: aye,
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor. Noes, none. Carried.

Thereafter, there being no further business appearing before the Board upon the
motion of Mr. Smith seconded by Mr. Clark that this meeting recess until June 11th, 1941
at the hour of 7:30 P.M. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. So carried.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 11, 1941

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 11th day of June, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty five P.M.

PRESENT: Hon. Howell C. Garrison, Mayor. Commissioners, A. R. Smith, Sr., M. C.

Tinch, Pat Clark, A. P. Rubidoux. City attorney, Paul Ralli. The clerk and deputy clerk.



Bids on the radio control tower to be erected at the airport were opened at this time and upon
motion by Mr. Clark seconded by Mr. Tinch and carried that the bid of the General Construction
Company of Boulder City be accepted with the understanding that said tower must be finished
by the 10th of July, 1941, it appearing that said bid was the low bid in the amount of
$3,750.00. Vote being as follows: Aye, Commissioners Smith, Clark, Tinch, Rubidoux and his
Honor the Mayor. Noes, none.

Mr. Paul McDermott, President of the Junior Chamber of Commerce appeared before the
Board at this time and requested the use of the City Ball Park on the 16th and 17th of June
1941. Mr. McDermott stated that the Junior Chamber of Commerce was -sponsoring a show for
the General Motors entitled "Previews of Progress", and that this show was an educational
feature and non-profit show. Mr. Bracken a representative of said General Motors gave an out -
line of what the show consisted of and requested that they be allowed to place a banner at the
entrance of the Ball Park and for the use of a sound truck for the purpose of advertising
the show. Upon motion of Mr. Clark seconded by Mr. Smith and carried it was ordered that
the Junior Chamber of Commerce be allowed to use the ball park on the 16th and 17th days of
June, 1941 for their show and that they be allowed to use a sound truck and also to place
a banner at the entrance of the ball park. Vote: Ayes, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his
Honor the Mayor. Noes, none. Motion carried.