and referred to the city attorney for prosecution. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the
Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

A complaint signed by Harry C. Steward regarding the unsanitary conditions and

violations of Ordinance 168 existing in Woodland Park Addition was read and referred to the police commissioner.

A letter from R. S. Norton, building inspector, requesting extra help in his
department was read.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Mr. Norton be authorized to hire another man
at $150 per month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter from the Clark County Mercantile Company regarding the cancellation
by the city of their order for an Adams grader was read. The clerk was instructed to
write them a letter requesting a report as to the status of the transaction.

A letter from the Board of Education of Las Vegas Union School District
regarding provisions for school sites in new subdivisions was read and referred to Mr.
Petrie.

A letter from the Las Vegas Land & Water Company relative to the retention



of oil and mineral rights on the 10 acres the city contemplates purchasing for an additional
cemetery site.

Ragnald Fyhen appeared before the Board and asked the assistance of the City

in providing transportation to the Magnesium Plant and to Boulder City for workers

employed there and who are living in this city. Several other men spoke on the same



subject. Thereafter, the Mayor pro tem assured them of the co-operation of the city.

A letter from the U. S. O, thanking the city for the work of landscaping
the grounds around the USO building. Commissioner Smith moved that the letter be acknow-
ledged and thank them for their encouragement. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor
pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the cash bond of $100 of the French Plumbing
Shop, that is now out of business, be refunded. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor
pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter from the United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company regarding a
bond for A. W. Blackman. The clerk was instructed to write a letter to said company
stating that Mr. Blackman was an employee of the city.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the purchasing agent and the radio operator of
the police department accept bids on radio supplies needed from Radio Television Company
and Radio Specialty Company. Said supplies to be split between each company. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the agreement between the city of Las Vegas
and Wm. Wittwer for the purchase of wet garbage for the year beginning Feb. 4, 1942 to
February 4th, 1943 for $60 per month, be accepted and approved. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Rubidoux and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the proposed bus ordinance be tabled. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commission rs Smith,
Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.