duly called and met in session under and pursuant to the provisions of that certain Act of
Legislature of Nevada entitled "An Act Regulating the Fiscal Management of Counties, Cities,
Towns, School Districts and Other Governmental Agencies," approved March 22, 1917, as amended,
that a great necessity or emergency has arisen in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that necessity now exists for authorizing the obtaining of a temporary loan
by and on the part of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose
of meeting such emergency as expressed in and shown by the preamble and resolution unani-
mously adopted at a meeting of said Board of City Commissioners duly called and held on the
12th day of November, 1941, authorizing a temporary loan for the purpose set forth in said
resolution, a duly certified copy of which is now on file and of record in the office of
the State Board of Finance; and

WHEREAS, It further appearing that notice of intention to adopt said emergency resolution
was duly published according to law; therefore, be it

RESOLVED, By the State Board of Finance, that said act and resolution of said Board of
City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, authorizing
a temporary loan of Fifty Thousand ($50, 000.00) Dollars as in said resolution set forth
and authorized, be and the same is hereby approved; and be it further

RESOLVED: That a duly certified copy of this resolution be transmitted by the Secretary
of the State Board of Finance to said Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
in order that the same hay be recorded in the minutes of the meeting of said Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, as provided by law.

I, Dan W. Franks, certify that I am the acting Secretary of the State Board of Finance
and that the foregoing is a full, true, and correct copy of a resolution duly adopted by
unanimous vote of the State Board of Finance at a meeting held on the 22nd day of November,

1941 at Carson City, Nevada.

Dated this 22nd day of November, 1941
Dan W. Franks,

Acting secretary of the State Board of Finance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the city attorney be instructed to write the Attorney

General, Gray Mashburn relative to whether or not the city have to borrow money from outside
sources or can the unencumbered cash resulting from over-run estimates of revenues be used
so far as the commissioners feel wise. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the meeting adjourn until December 4th, 1941 at the hour
of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
DECEMBER 4, 1941

Regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th day of December, 1941
Meeting called to order by His Honor Howell C. Garrison at the hour of 7:30 P.M., with the
following members present: Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux. City Attorney Paul Ralli.
City Clerk Helen Scott. Absent: A. F. Smith, Sr.

Minutes of the previous meetings were read and approved as read.