Commissioner Smith moved that the following Resolution Be adopted. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, it is proposed by the Department of Highways of the State of Nevada to reconstruct
to a multiple lane highway, a portion of the State High-way system between the south city limits
of Las Vegas and ten (10) miles south-east on State Highway Route 5, Section D1, Clark County,
Nevada:

WHEREAS, it is deemed expedient in connection with said reconstruction project, to widen
and complete with curbs, the portion of Fremont Street, the extension of said highway within
the city limits of Las Vegas, from Fourteenth Street to Charleston Boulevard; and

WHEREAS, to accommodate such widening and improvement of Fremont Street, it will be necessary
to secure additional right of way from the present owners of the adjacent property; and

WHEREAS, said proposed improvement of Fremont Street will be a civic betterment of importance
to the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the services of the personnel of the State Highway Department, but no right of way
funds of the State of Nevada, are available for use in acquisition of such rights of way; now,
therefore, be it

RESOLVED, that with the assistance of said Highway Department personnel, the City of Las
Vegas shall acquire such right of way and the credit of the City of Las Vegas is hereby pledged
for the purchase of said additional right of way along Fremont Street from Fourteenth Street to
Charleston Boulevard, five (5') feet in width on each side of the existing right of way, together
with the covenant of the property owners conveying said additional right of way that no
building or permanent structure shall be by them erected, permitted, or maintained in or upon
their remaining lands or premises immediately adjoining the lands conveyed for said Fremont
Street right of way and within a distance of twelve (12')feet from the exterior boundaries of
said Fremont Street as widened.

 Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of the following Resolution. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, it is proposed to construct Charleston Boulevard in the City of Las Vegas as an
access road to the plant of Basic Magnesium, Inc., as soon as moneys therefor become available;
and

WHEREAS, for the accommodation of such construction to acceptable modern standards, it will
be necessary to acquire additional right of way along the northerly side of the street right of
way heretofore dedicated to the City of Las Vegas for said Charleston Boulevard; now, therefore,
be it

RESOLVED, that with the technical assistance of the State Department of Highways, the City
of Las Vegas shall acquire an additional parcel of right of way along a strip of land ten (10)
feet in width, northerly of and immediately adjacent to the existing eighty (80) foot right
of way of said Charleston Boulevard, together with the covenant of the property owners conveying
said additional right of way, that no building or permanent structure shall be by them erected
permitted or maintained in or upon their remaining lands or premises immediately adjoining the
lands conveyed for said Charleston Boulevard right of way and within a distance of twelve (12)
feet from the exterior boundary of said Charleston Boulevard as widened; and be it further

RESOLVED, that no building permit shall hereafter be approved by the City of Las Vegas for
the construction or substantial remodeling of any permanent structure within a distance of
fifty-seven (57) feet from the canterline of said Charleston Boulevard; and be it further

RESOLVED, that moneys shall be made available by the City of Las Vegas for the completion
of the construction of the westerly portion of the intersection of Charleston Boulevard and
Fremont Street within the limits of said Charleston Boulevard, according to the plans therefor
designed by the State Department of Highways.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of J. C. McIntosh for a gaming license at

No. 10 Fremont and the application of Herbert W. Ward for a retail tavern liquor license
at 131 S. 1st Street be held over for investigation. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Orpha Sill Miller for a retail beverage
license, and slot machine license at 5th & Charleston be granted. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark,

Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.