OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

OCTOBER 7th , 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 7th day of October, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. on said day.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow, and City Attorney Austin.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried that
the following slot machine licenses be granted:

E.D.Ciliax	2,	Jimmie Fulcher	1,

J.M. Sills	2,	A.M. Lancaster	1,

C.C. Underhill	8,

Vote on the granting of the above licenses was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mayor Arnett informed the Board at this time at the hearing had in Washington D.C. on Oct.

4th that no decision had been given as to the granting of permission to the T.W.A. to land its
planes in Boulder City. That the Post Office Department had the same under consideration at
this time and its decision would be given in the near future.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Monday the 11th day of October, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 11th, 1937

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 11th day of October, 1937. at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Ronnow, Marble and Perry, City Attorney and
Clerk.

Mr. C.V.T. Gilbert appeared before the Board in regard to the proposed change in license
fees governing the sale of sealed package liquor goods. Mr. Gilbert stated to the Board that he
was not in favor of the proposed change, and did not feel that he could pay the fee as stated
in the proposed fee. Mr. Gilbert was informed that the matter would be given serious consider-
ation before any action should be taken on the same.

Mr. Jerry Wolfe appeared before the Board asking that he be given permission to operate
a newsstand in the Barrel House Tavern. He was in formed that taverns were a distinct business
in its self and in Ordinance No. 203 it was stated that no business may be conducted in a room
occupied by a tavern but the duly licensed tavern. Mr. Wolfe then ask the Board why peanut ven-
ding machines, and other like merchandise machines were allowed to be operated. Mr. Arnett in-
formed Mr. Wolfe that the Police Dept. would at once be instructed to clear all taverns of any
merchandise machines, or other small food commodities except cigarette, and slot machines.

Mr. Chas. Clark and Oliver Goerman of the Las Vegas Horseman's Association appeared before
the Board asking permission to use the City race track for a race meet in the latter part of
November, 1937.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Las Vegas Horseman's Association use the City race track for a meet to be held on Nov.
26th, 27th; and 28th, 1937.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that the Following slot machine licenses be granted:

Ethel Rapoport	12,	Fremont Tavern	5

Sam Stearns	5,	L.L. Arnett	42

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor aye. Noes, none.

At this time a number of bids for the purchase of tires for the City were opened and upon
motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the
bids be referred to C.D.Baker for checking and that the lowest and best bid be accepted.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 13th day of October at the hour of 9 A.M.