Howell C. Garrison

Mayor	A. P. Rubidoux_______

Commissioner

M. C. Tinch                                       Pat Clark         

Commissioner	Commissioner

Commissioner

The purpose of the meeting being called was to consider the filing of demurrers in
the above mentioned cases on behalf of the old commissioners. After some discussion
Mr. Tinch made a motion that the city attorney be authorized to file demurrers in each
case on behalf of the old commissioners who were named as defendants in said cases.

Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners, Tinch,
 Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

There being nothing further to come before the Board at this time, upon motion by
Mr. Tinch that this meeting adjourn seconded by Mr. Rubidoux and carried by the following 

vote. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
AUGUST 16, 1941

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 16th day of
August, 1941. Meeting called to order by the Mayor, Howell C. Garrison, at the hour
of 10:00 A.M.

Present: Commissioners M. C. Tinch, Pat Clark, A. P. Rubidoux. Helen Scott, Clerk.

Absent: Commissioner A. F. Smith, Sr. Paul Ralli, City Attorney.

Minutes of the previous meetings were read. It appearing that through inadvertence the
Minutes showed that Pat Clark was present. The Minutes were corrected to show that Pat
Clark was absent. Thereafter, the Minutes were approved as corrected.

Mr. Clark made a motion that demands 556 tp 561 inclusive be allowed. Motion seconded
by Mr. Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Clark made a motion that this meeting recess until Monday, August 18, 1941 at the
hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, the meeting adjourned.

IAS VEGAS, NEVADA
AUGUST 18, 1941

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 18th
day of August, 1941, Meeting called to order by His Honor the Mayor, Howell C. Garrison,
at the hour of 7:40 P.M., with the following members present: Commissioners, A. F. Smith,

Sr. M. O. Tinch, C. R. Clark and A. P. Rubidoux. Deputy City Attorney, Madison B. Graves
City Clerk Helen Scott and Deputy Clerk LeRoy Whipple.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

A Petition signed by a group of Beauty Shop owners requesting an adjustment in license
fees was presented to the Board. Mr. Rubidoux made a motion that the matter be laid over for
investigation until the next regular meeting. Motion seconded by Mr. Clark, and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

A Petition signed by a number of property owners requesting the re-routing of heavy
trucks on South First Street was presented to the Board. Mr. Clark made a motion that the

police department be notified to reroute said trucks to Main Street. Motion seconded by
Mr. Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter was read from Bernard C. Hartung, Chairman of the Nevada Admission Day Committee
and filed for future reference.

A letter was read from the Motor Supply Co., protesting the the awarding of a certain bid
for anti-freeze. Mr. Smith made a motion that a letter of explanation be written to said
Company. The Mayor directed the Clerk to write said letter and the motion died for want of
a second.

Ur. Clark made a motion that the bill for the repair of the War Memorial Building in the
sum of $2366.44 be paid. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch and carried by the following vote: