Commissioner Smith moved that $6,712.10 be transferred from the general fund to the

Airport Construction fund. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the

following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until June 16, 1942 at the hour of

seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 1942
7:30 P.M.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of June, 1942.
Meeting called to order By His Honor, Howell C. Garrison, Mayor, with the following members
present: Commissioners Clark, Tinch, Rubidoux, city attorney, Paul Ralli, City Clerk,
Helen Scott Reed.

Absent: Commissioner Smith.

A letter was read from the Women's Ambulance Corps of America seeking the endorsement
of the Board for the erection of a "Victory House" in the city of Las Vegas. Commissioner
Clark moved that the city clerk answer said letter assuring said organization of the support
of the city and the endorsement of their program. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor
Mayor Garrison voting aye. Noes, none.

Minutes of the previous meeting were Read and approved as read.

Commissioner Clark moved that the city attorney be instructed to commence condemnation
proceedings against Thelma Gartside for the purpose of widening Fremont Street, provided,

a settlement not to exceed $500 cannot be made outside of Court. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch was appointed to sign the warrants in the absence of the Finance
Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Clark moved that a special hearing be called for Monday, June 22, 1942
at 10:00 A. M for the purpose of hearing any protests against the closing of the street
between Blocks 3 and 4 of the Church Addition to the city of Las Vegas. Motion seconded
By Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the clerk be instructed to write a letter to
Mr. Allen, State Engineer, stating the financial condition of the city, and what their
attitude would be to the city renting the state barns at a monthly rental of $100 beginning
as of August 1st; said rental to apply on the purchase price of $7000. And the city
to take possession of said premises on July 1st, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that warrants 694 to 697 inclusive be approved and the Mayor and
-City Clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

Bids from the following firms for 100 cot pads were opened at this time.

City Mercantile $495.00	Little Second Hand Store	$555.00

Commissioner Tinch moved that the bid of the City Mercantile Company of $495 be accepted.

That the purchasing agent examine same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Bids were sent out for two steel gates for use at the airport, to be returned at this
time. Acknowledgements were received from the Republic Supply Company and the Ed Von
Tobel Lumber Co. However, no firm was able to submit bids.

The Clerk was instructed to write a letter to the Army asking them if they could assist
us in obtaining a gate.

The city engineer was instructed to check the area belonging to the city, which is now
occupied by the Airport Administration Building and the land they own adjacent thereto.

Commissioner Clark moved that bids be let for septic tank or cess poll at the airport
administration site and that same be opened June 22, 1942 at the hour of 10:00 A.M.

Plans and specifications to be supplied by the city engineer. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The report of the city attorney was presented.

Some discussion was had regarding the possible leasing of the race track for a dog track.

Commissioner Clark stated that he was opposed to the leasing of the race track for any
private enterprise. Commissioner Clark moved that the race track be not leased for

a dog track. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.