On the 4th, day of December, A.D. 1940, at the hour of 7:50-0- clock P.M., the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will meet in the City Clerk's
office on Carson Street, between Second Street South and Third Street South, in said City of
Las Vegas, in regular session, at which time and place it will read for the first time, propose
, consider and vote upon an ordinance relating to the acquisition of said Airport as a
municipal airport, as above set forth, and on the 4th, day of January, A.D. 1941, at the hour
of 7:30 o'clock P.M., the said Board will meet at said City Clerk's office in the said City
of Las Vegas, In regular session, for the purpose, among other things, of reading the second
time, adopting and passing, and will then read for the second time and pass and adopt said
ordinance for the acquisition of said Airport as a municipal airport.

Dated at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, this 12th, day of November, A.D. 1940.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY

ATTEST:	OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA

Viola Burns City Clerk

By Le Roy Whipple. Deputy.	By	John L. Russell - Mayor.

Commissioner A. Corradetti moved that the above and foregoing PROCLAMATION BE made
and issued by the Board, that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign the same on
behalf of the Board and that the Said PROCLAMATION be published in full once a week for
three consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a newspaper of general
circulation, printed and published in said City of Las Vegas*

Said motion was seconded by Commissioner C.V.T. Gilbert and upon being put to a vote
of the Board was carried by the following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners, C.V.T. Gilbert, Herb Krause and A. Corradetti, and his Honor
they Mayor John L. Russell

Voting No; None.

Absent: Commissioner Joe S. Ronnow.

Viola Burns City Clerk - By Le Roy Whipple, Dep

The matter of making necessary changes at the ball park was then brought before the Board
for consideration. Mr. Oliver presented the following letter to the Board for their approval

November 12, 1940

City Commissioners:

We request the City to grant to the Soft Ball Association use of the City
Park to be used for baseball for the 1940 and 1941 winter season and request the
City put same in condition for regulation baseball and we will keep up the park
under the same terms as the Soft Ball Association

Las Vegas Soft Ball Association,

By R.J. Turnbull.

After some discussion on the foregoing it was moved by Commissioner Gilbert and Seconded
by Commissioner Krause that the Las Vegas Soft Ball Association be allowed to use the Ball
Park as per their letter of request on file with the City Clerk and as herefore mentioned.
Vote, Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor The Mayor Voting Aye, Noes
None. Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

At this time Commissioner Gilbert Made motion that the Street Department be allowed to
proceed with the necessary men and materials to rearrange the ball park and to put same in
shape for the ball game to be played Sunday November 17th, next,

Commissioner Krause seconded the motion and the vote was, Commissioners, Gilbert, Krause and
Corradetti and His Honor The Mayor Voting Aye, Noes None. Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

There being no further business appearing before the Board at this time, on motion of
Commissioner Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this
meeting adjourn until Saturday the 16th, day of November 1940 at the hour of 10 o'clock A.M.

Vote Commissioners, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor The Mayor voting Aye,
Noes, none. Absent Commissioner Ronnow*

There upon said meeting adjourned until the hour of ten o'clock A.M. November 16, 1940

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
NOVEMBER 16, 1940

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held on the 16th, day of November 1940 at the hour of ten
o'clock A.M.

Present: Mayor John L. Russell, Commissioners, C.V. T.Gilbert, Herb Krause, City Attorney
Harry H. Austin and Deputy City Clerk Le Roy Whipple*

Absent: Commissioners Joe S. Ronnow, A. Corradetti and City Clerk Mrs. Viola Burns*

Upon motion by Commissioner Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Krause, it was moved
and carried that demand registers Numbering 426 to 430 inclusive with demands listed thereon
be allowed for payment and that the Mayor and Deputy City Clerk be allowed and empowered to
sign same as listed. Vote being, Commissioners, Gilbert and Krause and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye, Noes None. Absent Commissioners Ronnow and Corradetti*