Mr. Paterson, Project Engineer on defense housing, for the U. S. Government
appeared before the Board and stated that the city ordinances did not apply inside the line
on government projects.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city commissioners cooperate with the Government
in the construction of the 500 houses as far as building codes were concerned. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch,

Smith, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Roland H. Wiley appeared before the Board and made a report of his findings and
conclusions regarding a possible agreement between labor and business, and suggested that
the case against Dan Kelly be dismissed, also the case against J. W. Woodard.

R. R. Russell appeared on behalf of the businessmen and stated that in his opinion an
amicable settlement could be reached between the unions and businessmen.

Ragnald Fyhen appeared on behalf of the labor unions.



Commissioner Rubidoux moved that 100 chairs from the War Memorial Building be loaned to the U. S. O until such time
as their furniture arrives. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the follow-
ing vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes,
none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the low bids of Earhart Motors for a DeSoto car and

Plymouth car with a trade in value of $1100.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the electrical department be allowed to go ahead and
finish up the job on the War Memorial Building, so far as, the telephone cut-ins are
concerned. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

His Honor, Mayor Garrison, appeared at this time.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance repealing Ordinance No. 263 of the City of Las
Vegas entitled as follower "An Ordinance prohibiting prostitution in the City of Las
Vegas and within one mile outside of the city limits thereof; to suppress, prohibit, re-
gulate and prescribe the location of houses of prostitution, and places resorted to for the
purpose of prostitution, and other matters relating thereto, and repealing all Ordinances
in conflict therewith," was read for the first time.

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing Ordinance be adopted as an emergency
Ordinance upon second reading on this 20th day of January, 1942. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Smith, Clark,
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereafter, said Ordinance was read for the second time and adopted by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting adjourn until the next regular meeting,
February 4th, 1942 at the hour of 7:30 P. M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.