WHEREAS, it further appearing that the notice of intention to adopt said emergency resolution
was duly published according to law: therefore, be it

RESOLVED, By the State Board of Finance, that said act and resolution of said Board of Commis-
sioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, authorizing a temporary
loan of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00) as in said resolution set forth and auth-
orized, be and the same is hereby approved; and be it further

RESOLVED, That a duly certified copy of this resolution be transmitted by the Secretary of the
State Board of Finance to said Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in order that the
same may be recorded in the minutes of the meeting of said Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, as provided by law.

I,	D.G. LaRue, certify that I am the duly authorized and acting Secretary of the State Board of
Finance and that the foregoing is a full, true and correct copy of a resolution duly adopted
by unanimous vote of the State Board of Finance at a meeting held on the 14th day of April, 1938
at Carson City, Nevada.

Dated this 14th day of April, 1938.

D.G. LaRue,

Secretary of the State Board of Finance.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the reports on form No. 710 of the W.P.A. as prepared by C.D. Baker City Engineer be forwarded to
the Local Mgr. W.P.A. Claude Mackey. Reports covering Materials in the sum of $799.20 and 647.42
respectively.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Mayor Pro Tem Marble the following Resolution was
introduced add passed:

WHEREAS, the prospective income of the City of Las Vegas will be greatly decreased through the
lowering of the levy by the County Commissioners, and

WHEREAS, there seems to be only one method of balancing the City Budget, vis: throught a hearty
cooperation of all the City employees in a systematic and rigid reduction in expenditures,
THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, That in the future salaried of all appointive city employees be fixed
at a figure decided upon by the Commission which figure may not be increased except through a
unanimous vote of all commissioners and further be it

RESOLVED, That no additional employees either regular or regulars, may be placed upon the payroll
except upon unanimous consent of the Board of Commissioners and the mayor and finance commissioner
are instructed and authorized to disapprove any vouchers which do not carry such authorization
and be it further

RESOLVED, that previous approval of a majority of the board be required in connection with all
requisitions for supplies in excess of $25.00 and that all employees be urges to avoid emergency
purchases unless a real emergency exists.

Vote Commissioner Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Commissioner Krause, passing

his vote. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that
ann slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the
purchasing Clerk be instructed to purchase materials needed for a sprinkling system at the War
Memorial Building from the Crane Company.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the Mayor and Clerk enter into an agreement with parties for the lease of the rooms at the Mun-
icipal Plunge at such time as a form of agreement and the lessees were approved by the Recreation
 Board.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that
an ordinance covering inspection of milk in the City of Las Vegas be tabled until such time as
a letter might be received signed by all milk producers and distributors stating that the ordin-
ance as presented to the Board of Commissioners was satisfactory to all concerned.

Vote commissioner Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that the
Clerk be directed to wire the Nevada Industrial Commission and request that body to authorize
medical treatment for R.D. Pollock, City employee ill in the Las Vegas Hospital.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Friday the 22nd day of April at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.