On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Perry the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, that the application of U.B. Lee, sub-contractor under contract number Nevada 1021-D
Las Vegas Street Improvements, be relieved of the limitation of one hundred thirty (130) hours
per month for motor patrol operators on finish work until such time as the Nevada State Employ-
ment Service is able to fill orders for this Classification. This application will be granted if
the same meet with the approval of the State Director of the PWA for Nevada.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Perry and Ronnow and the Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none
Absent Mayor Arnett.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 28th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 28th day of June, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry
and Ronnow, City Attorney and City Clerk

Mr. Ritter appeared before the Board at this time and ask permission from the Board of
Commissioners for use of a portion of the sidewalk in front of 125 Fremont Street, in front
of the Recreation Center. This portion of the sidewalk to be use for five days, namely July
1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th, 1937, in connection with the displaying of the model of "Boulder
Dam".

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that this permission be granted, and the proper safe guards provided.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause the following resol-
ution was introduced and passed:

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, that the application of U.B. Lee, sub-contractor under contract number Nevada
1021-D, Las Vegas Street Improvements be relieved of the limitation of one hundred thirty
(130) hours per month for oil spreader operator, until such time as the Nevada State Employ-
ment Service is able to fill orders for this classification. This application will be granted
if the same meets with the approval of the State Director of the PWA for Nevada.

Vote was Commissioners Kruase, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioners Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that the City of Las Vegas through its Mayor sign the proper documents for the 35% grant to
be given the City of Las Vegas in connection with Las Vegas Street Improvements, PWA Docket 1021-D.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that all slot machine and gaming applications on file with the Clerk at this time be granted.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted John Irish at 213 No. 1st Street for the year 1937.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Mr. Austin, City Attorney, write Mr. M. Paps and inform him that the Board of Commissioners
grant him permission to build on his property on what is commonly called Old South Main Street.

As the city was maintaining the highway on South Main Street and was no longer trespassing on
his property, and that the City grant this as "Old South Main Street" was no longer to be used
or kept in conditions suitable for travel.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.	

Minutes of meeting of June 15th, 23rd, 1937 read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 30th day of June, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.