

Commissioner Smith moved that the low bid for 75 gallons of anti-freeze for $119.25 namely 60 Below, be accepted
as submitted by General Auto Parts. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a report on the status of the proposed trailer courts.

Mr. Smith read a letter from Mr. Blackman regarding auditing.

Commissioner Smith moved that Auditor's Ruling #4 be adopted and approved and enforced.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark read a letter from Mayor Garrison relating to Auditing.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Clarence Stay be billed for rental on the house he is now
occupying at the rate of $1.00 per day. and that the rent for said premises be fixed
at $25.00 per month for a regular employee. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the salary of the Janitor, Mr. O'Brien, be raised from
$100 per month to $125 as of August 1st. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the car now being used by LeRoy Whipple be turned over to
the superintendent of garbage; that the purchasing agent when necessary to have trans-
portation use a taxi or a police car. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the following mem in the engineering department be
given raises as follows: Howard Ball from $150 to $160 per month; Douglas Williams
from $185 to $200 per month; F. M. Eaton from $200 to $210 per month. Said raises to
take effect as of August 1st, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the following men be placed on the police payroll: Johnny
Duncan instead of Tommy Underhill and Elvie Nelson Biship instead of Tommy Young as pound
master. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Harold Case be hired as fire chief as of August 1st, at a
salary of $250 per month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the fire chief take the La France truck to Los Angeles to be
overhauled. Further that the claim of James Cashman for temporary repairs to said truck
be allowed in the sum of $554.52. That the repair bill on the Seagrave Truck be allowed.

That the claim of the American La France corporation for $149.98 be allowed. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the city purchase a Barton pump to be installed on the
International truck. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming applications be allowed: Lido Bar; Bert Smith at
311 Stewart; DeLuxe Sandwich Shop, 123 S. 2nd; E P. Bihlmaier, 123 Fremont; Blaine Johnson
624 S. 5th; Mary Keenan, West Side Tavern; Las Vegas Barbecue & 22 Fremont; Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner Tinch.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of the Frontier Club for a 1¢ slot machine
license at 117 Fremont be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application of the Pioneer Club for a faro bank license
be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Lena Silvagni for a tango license at
119 Fremont be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye. Commissioner Tinch
passed. Noes, none.

The application of Willie Harris for a retail beverage license at 4th & Madison was tabled.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section 7 of Ordinance No. 264 of the City
of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance of the commission of the city of Las Vegas, establishing
a residence district, industrial and commercial districts, within the said city of Las
Vegas; defining such districts; declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain or
operate certain factories, works or establishments within said residence districts and
said commercial districts," was read to the Board for the first time. Commissioner
Smith moved that said Ordinance be approved as of the first reading. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Thereafter, said ordinance was read a second
time and passed as an emergency on the following vote. Voting aye: Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that all applications for business licenses in the West Side be
referred to Mr. Tinch for investigation. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried