At this time Mr. C. J. Mackey local W.P.A. Administrator appeared before the board with the
following proposal for City wide, improvement of parks ana parkways etc.

As Sponsors for approved proposed project; State Seriel No. 50034 described as City Wide,
improve parks and parkways. Work includes removing and planting trees, reconstructing sidewalks,
landscaping, and performing incidental and appurtenant work. Publicly-owned property. Located at
Las Vegas, Nevada, We request the Work Projects Administration of Nevada to release the above, to
start operation on November 21, 1940, or soon thereafter as W.P.A. procedure and facilities will
permit.

This will serve as your assurance that our pledge of participation in the amount of $7,292.00

and listed by items on page _______ of W.P.A. Form 301, State Serial No. 50034, (Project Proposal),

and necessary for the prosecution of the work as outlined, will be made available as needed during
life of project.

SPONSOR: City of Las Vegas, REPRESENTATIVE: John L. Russell FISCAL AGENT:

Viola Burns-City Clerk By Le Roy Whipple. Deputy.

Upon motion by Commissioner Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Krause, it was moved and
carried that the Mayor and Clerk by empowered to sign the foregoing affidavit as representatives
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and to deliver such signed affidavits to The Works Progress
A ministration. Vote Commissioners, Gilbert, and Krause and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes
None, Absent Commissioners, Ronnow and Corradetti*

The following resolution was next introduced before the board for their approval and action*

RESOLUTION OF CITY COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS.

A RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING CERTAIN OFFICIALS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO COOPERATE WITH THE
ADMINISTRATOR OF CIVIL AERONAUTICS OF THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE WITH A VIEW TO
OBTAINING FEDERAL AID IN FINANCING THE DEVELOPMENT OF PUBLIC AIRPORT FACILITIES IN OR NEAR THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS*

WHEREAS, the Administrator of Civil Aeronautics of the United States Department of Commerce
(herein called the "Administrator") considers the public airport facilities available in and near the
City of Las Vegas inadequate for national defense, and is therefore contemplating expenditure of
Federal funds, under Public Law No. 812, 76th, Congress, to remedy this condition; and

WHEREAS, the development of public airport facilities in or near the City of Las Vegas would be
in the public interest and to the advantage of the City of Las Vegas:

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE CITY COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

Section 1, That the Mayor be and he is hereby authorized to write to the Administrator, on
behalf of the City of Las Vegas, advising that the City of Las Vegas is greatly interested in the
possibility of obtaining Federal aid in financing the development of public airport facilities in
or near the City of Las Vegas, and, in this connection, is prepared to furnish any legal or factual
information that may reasonably be requested, is desirous of assisting and cooperating in every way
possible in connection with any and all engineering surveys of airports and proposed airport sites
in or near the City of Las Vegas that the Administrator may wish to make, and will be willing, if
an offer of aid in financing the development of public airport facilities in or near the City of
Las Vegas is made, to enter into an agreement with the United States, through the Administrator,
undertaking, among such other things as may be agreed upon: (1) that all title to property and
other property interest as necessary to prosecution of the project will be acquired by the City of
Las Vegas; (2) that the City of Las Vegas will cooperate with the Government in the prosecution of
the project; (3) that the aerial approaches of the airport will be protected against obstruction
to the fullest extent possible; (4) that the airport will be operated as an airport during the
useful life of the facilities thereof established or improved with Federal aid; (5) that the air-
port and all	its	facilities will be maintained in reasonably good	condition and kept in good	repair;

and	(6) that	the	airport will be operated and managed for the use	and benefit of the public,	on

reasonable terms and without unjust discrimination.

Section 2. That the City Attorney and the Mayor be and they are directed to make such studies
as may be necessary to determine what obligations the City of Las Vegas could assume, practically,
financially, and legally, in entering into an agreement such as that referred to in Section 1
hereof, and report thereon to this City Commission as soon as possible*

Section	3.	That the City Attorney and Mayor be and they are	authorized to furnish such	legal

ana	factual information to the Administrator as he may reasonably	request in connection with	

consideration of the desirability of an airport project in or near the City of Las Vegas.

Section 4. That this resolution shall be in full force and effect from and after its passage.

Upon motion by Commissioner Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that the foregoing resolution be adopted and that the Mayor and Clerk be authorized and
empowered to sign the same.	Vote being Commissioners, Gilbert and Krause and His Honor the

Mayor Voting Aye, Noes None. Absent Commissioners, Ronnow and Corradetti*

Upon motion by Commissioner and Seconded by Commissioner Krause, it was moved and carried that
the Board of Commissioners go on record as authorizing the Mayor to write a letter to The Adminis-
trator of Civil Aeronautics, Department of Commerce, Washington, D. C. expressing the willingness
of the City of Las Vegas, to fully cooperate with the Government of The United States Through the
Administrator of the Civil Aeronautics, of the Department of Commerce as was expressed this day in
a resolution of the board and adopted this day by said Board. Vote was Commissioners, Gilbert and
Krause and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes None. Absent Commissioners, Ronnow and Corradetti

Upon motion by Commissioner Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Krause the following
resolution was introduced, and unanimously passed.

RESOLUTION:

BE IT RESOLVED: by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
that the proposed Municipal Airport to be acquired by the City of Las Vegas from Western Air Express
Corporation be named " THE MCCARREN FIELD" when title thereto is acquired by the City of Las -
Vegas and provided that the naming of said airport as "MC CARREN FIELD" is agreeable to Senator
Pat Mc Carren of the State of Nevada. Vote was Commissioners, gilbert, Krause and His Honor the
Mayor Voting Aye, Noes None. Absent Commissioners, Ronnow and Corradetti.