OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

DECEMBER 22nd, 1937

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 22nd day of December, 1937 at the hour of seven P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble, Ron-
now, City Attorney and City Clerk

Absent Commissioner Perry.

At this time the following. Resolution was introduced and passed:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED By the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
that the said City apply to the Tax Commission of the State of Nevada for the refund to said City
of Las Vegas	of	the total amount of excise tax, the same being the sum of four cents (4¢) on each

gallon, said	by	the City of Las Vegas upon all motor vehicle fuel, namely, gasoline purchased

by said	City	of	Las Vegas and used exclusively by said City in its several types of motor vehicles

on public streets, alleys and highways of said City of Las Vegas, within the quarter	period of

October, November and December, A.D. 1937, and

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service
of the foregoing notice of special meeting to be held on the 20th day of December, 1937 at the
hour of seven o'clock P.M.

L.L. Arnett	Herbert Krause	H.P. Marble

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

H L Perry	Joe Ronnow

Commissioner	Commissioner

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF

LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 20th, 1937

Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 20th day of December 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. on said day.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble, Ronnow City Attorney and City Clerk

Absent Commissioner Perry.

At this time Mr. Goerman, gave an oral report of his trip to Washington D.C. with Ryland
Taylor. This trip was made in regard to securing a contract with the TWA for the use of a
municipal airport, should one be constructed on the Boulder City Highway midway between the
City of Las Vegas and Boulder City Nevada. Mr. Goerman then presented to the Board five (5)
copies of a proposed form of agreement as same was prepared in Washington, and after due
consideration and discussion on the natter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Com-
missioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that this contract be signed by the Mayor and City
Clerk, and three copies of said contract be forwarded to the TWA offices in Kansas City, Missouri,
and the City retain two (2) copies for its files.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent Commissioner Perry.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the claim of Ryland Taylor in the sum of $365.00 be allowed. This claim covering cost of
transportation, meals hotel rooms, telegrams and telephone service of both Mr. Goerman and
Mr. Taylor while away from the City on City business.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Perry.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the "Airport Committee" composed of the following still be retained and remain active
during the time of devising plans for the municipal airport! Committee composed of the following:

O.A. Kimball as President of the Chamber of Commerce, R.B.Griffith. R. Kaltenborn, Murry
Wollman, A.C.Grant, Frank Mc Namee, Dean Bingham, Frank Gusewelle, H.H. Austin, A.E.Cahlan,

Ed Clark, Oilver Goerman, Claude Mackey, H.H. Krause, H.P. Marble, H.L. Perry, Joe S. Ronnow,

L.L. Arnett.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, and Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.