The renewal of lease with the C.C.C. Camp on the old Air Port East of Town was presented for
consideration and action by the Board. After some discussion, and upon motion of Krause and Seconded
by Commissioner Gilbert, it was moved and carried that the Mayor and Clerk be empowered and authorized
to renew and sign such lease for the term on one year upon expiration of present lease, such renewal
to expire July 1, 1942. Vote, Commissioners, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti & His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye, Hoes Hone.

A proposal from the Albright's Business machines to furnish one Steel Cabinet for the Police
Department, for use as a finger print filing cabinet in the sum, of $75.35 f.o.b. Las Vegas, Nevada
was presented to the Board for consideration, such proposal being the only one submitted, requests
having been made of the Office Equipment also, but no proposal was submitted, and that the police
department being in very bad need for additional filing space, it was deemed advisable to purchase
such cabinet at once. Therefore, upon motion of Commissioner Krause, and seconded by Commissioner
Gilbert, it was moved and carried that Purchasing Clerk Le Roy Whipple be allowed and authorized
to purchase said filing cabinet for the police department.

Vote being Commissioners, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye, Noes
Hone.

There being no further business before the meeting at this time, upon motion of Commissioner
Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Krause, it was moved and carried that this meeting recess
until the 8th, day of April at the hour of 10 o'clock A.M. Vote commissioners, Gilbert and Krause
and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes none. Thereupon the meeting recessed
until April 8th, at the hour of 10 o'clock A.M.

*	OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS

CLARK COUNTY NEVADA,

MAY 8th, 1941.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County Nevada held on the 8th day of May, 1941 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Krause, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and City Clerk Viols
Burns, also present Attorney C.D.Breeze acting attorney for the City of Las Vegas.

Absent Mayor Russell.

This being the time set for hearing of charges against Mayor Russell and Mayor Russell being
absent a telegram explaining his absence was read to the Board wherein Mayor Russell stated that
due the poor health of his sister who was receiving medical attention at a hospital in Burbank
California he would be unable to attend. Both Mayor Pro Tem Krause and Attorney Hinman, council
for Mayor Russell had received similar telegrams.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that this meeting and hearing be deferred until Friday the 9th day of May at the hour of ten
o'clock A.M. and that the Clerk for with wire the Mayor of the change in the time of hearing of
said charges.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert Corradetti and Mayor Pro	Krause voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that
this meeting recess until Friday the 9th day of May at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Friday the 9th day of May at 10 o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

MAY 9th, 1941.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark county Nevada held on the 9th day of May, 1941 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Krause, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti City Clerk and
Attorney Breeze acting attorney for the City.

Attorney Hinman, council for Mayor Russell presented the Board with a telegram from Mayor
Russell in which Mayor Russell stated that the doctor advised him due to the condition of his
sister who was confined to a hospital in Burbank California, not to return to Las Vegas at this time.

It was agreed by the members of the Board of Commissioners to proceed with the hearing of
charges against Mayor Russell as same had been filed January 23rd, 1941 by Commissioner Ronnow.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that Hattie Lundy be appointed the official reporter for this hearing and that she forthwith
take the official oath of office.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes none.

There upon Mattte Lundy took the official oath of office.