explosive within a distance of three hundred (300) feet of said transmission line without first
giving due and reasonable notice in writing to the proper officer or agent of the Grantee of their
intention to so do.

6.	That the rights, privileges and authority hereby granted shall continue until such time
as the Grante, its successors or assigns shall have permanently abandoned the use of said trans-
mission line, and shall have servee written notice thereof upon the Grantor, its successors

or assigns, at which time all such rights, privileges and authority shall, upon the service of
said written notice, cease and terminate, and all rights, hereby granted shall by the service of
said notice ipso facto revert to the Grantor, its successors of assigns.

7.	That the Grantor make no warranty or representation as to title to the lands herein des-
cribed.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said Grantor acting by And through its said governing body, has caused
this Indenture to be executed and the names of said members of its governing body to be sub -
scribed hereto, the day and year hereinabove first written.

CITY OF IAS VEGAS, A MUNICIPAL CORPORATION OF THE STATE OF NEVADA, SITUATED IN CLARK COUNTY,
NEVADA.

Attest:	By.	C.R. "PAT" CLARK. Its Mayor Pro Tem.

Helen Scott - City Clerk	By.	M.C. Tinch, - Commissioner

By Le Roy Whipple. - Deputy

By A.P. Rubidoux - Commissioner

Vote on the foregoing was as following: Commissioners, Tinch, and Rubidoux, and His Honor
The Mayor Pro Tem Voting Aye., Noes None. Absent, Mayor H.C.Garrison and A.F. Smith, Sr.,

There appearing no further business before the meeting at this time, upon motion of 

Commissioner Tinch and Seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux it was moved and seconded that this meeting
adjourn. Vote being Commissioners, Tinch, and Rubidoux and His Honor The Mayor Pro Tem
Voting Aye, Noes None. Thereupon the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA
AUGUST 4, 1941.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 4th day of August,
1941. Meeting called to order by the Mayor, Howell C. Garrison, at the hour of 7:55 P.M.

Present: Commissioners M. C. Tinch, Pat Clark, A. P. Rubidoux. City Attorney, Paul
Ralli, Helen Scott, Clerk and LeRoy Whipple, deputy clerk.

Absent: A. F. Smith, Sr.

Minutes of the last regular meeting held on July 16th, and the special meeting held
on July 21st, were read and approved as read.



Upon motion by Mr. Tinch duly seconded by Mr. Clark and carried that twenty six slot machine licenses
be issued to the Jack Pot: also 1 pan game, 1 poker game, 1 crap game, 1 Roulette and 1
twenty one game. Vote: Aye: Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor. Noes, none.

The Report of the City attorney was read and filed.

Upon motion by Mr. Clark and duly seconded by Mr. Tinch that 5 slot machine licenses
and 1 roulette, 1 twenty one and one crap game license be granted to Thos E. Hull, the motion
was carried by the following vote: Aye, Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
the Mayor. Noes, none.

The application of R. H. Elser for the position of plumbing inspector was read and filed
for future reference.

The Mayor stated that he had been served with summons in the following cases against
the City: Johnny Negrete, et al, vs. The City of Las Vegas, et al, No. 12308, Tony Negrete,
et al, vs. The City of Las Vegas, et al, No. 12309 and Ruben Alba, et al, vs. The City of
Las Vegas, et al, 12310.

A letter was read from John Beville regarding a serious drainage problem. The matter
was referred to Mr. Rubidoux who stated that the situation had been taken care of.

The application of Wm. Clark for the position of City Engineer was read and ordered
filed for future reference.

Two letters were read from R. B. Griffith regarding the purchase of certain lands for
the airport. Said letter was referred to the Airport Advisory Board.

Notice of cancellation of hearings of the Public Service Commission heretofore set
for August 4th & 5th and of the resetting for August 13th was read and filed.

At this time His Honor, the Mayor appointed Commissioner Clark to act in the absence
of A. F. Smith, Sr., Finance commissioner, insofar as the signing of warrants etc. was concerned.

Upon motion by Mr. Clark and duly seconded by Mr. Tinch that the warrants 548 to 555,
inclusive, with the exception of 554-6 be allowed. The motion was carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.