Commissioner Rubidoux moved and was seconded by Commissioner Clark that the Purchasing Agent
call for bids on a Coupe Automobile for use by the Street Superintendent to be returned at the
earliest possible date. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the
Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.

Commissioner Rubidoux at this time requested that the City Clerk be authorized and notified
to send out garbage statements regularly to all delinquents.

Motion was made by Commissioner Rubidoux and seconded by Commissioner Clark that the Pur-
chasing Agent call for bids on five 2½ Gallon foamite fire extinguishers, refills and holders.
Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes,

None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Rubidoux and seconded by Commissioner Clark that the Pur-
chasing Agent call for bids on one 3-phase electric motor and heavy duty bench grinders with 10"
wheels be at least l½" wide. Vote: Commissioner Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor
the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Rubidoux and seconded by Commissioner Smith to allow the
Inspector's Department to use the steel counter in the old City Clerk's Office, same to be moved
in the hallway of the War Memorial Building for their use. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.

At this time bids on material for the new jail were opened. Upon motion by Commissioner
Tinch and seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux it was moved that the bid of the Home Lumber Company
in the amount of $270.43 for materials be accepted. Voting Aye: Commissioners Smith, Tinch and
his Honor the Mayor. Voting No: Commissioners Clark and Rubidoux.

Motion was made by Commissioner Tinch and seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux to accept the
bid of the Roberts Roofing Company in the amount of $135.00. Voting Aye: Commissioners Smith
and Tinch and his Honor the Mayor. Voting No: Commissioners Clark and Rubidoux.

Motion was made by Commissioner Tinch and seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux to accept the
bid of Vance Giegley Company for the masonry work on the jail in the amount of $482.50. Voting
Aye: Commissioners Smith, Tinch and his Honor the Mayor. Voting No: Commissioners Clark and
Rubidoux.

Motion was made by Commissioner Tinch and seconded by Commissioner Clark to accept the bids
for concrete at the Woitishek Lumber Company at $8.00 per yard delivered as needed for the building
of the jail. Voting Aye: Commissioners Smith and Tinch and his Honor the Mayor. Voting No:
Commissioners Clark and Rubidoux.

Motion was made by Commissioner Clark and seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux that the Purchasing
Agent be authorized to buy 10,000 receipts printed in triplicate for the Police Department to use
in their standard register. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor
the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Tinch and seconded by Commissioner Clark that $100.00 for
confidential work be allowed the Police Department. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and
Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Tinch and seconded by Commissioner Clark that the Police
Department place on their payroll new policemen as follows: Lee Davis, Robert McAllen and
Charles Patterson. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor
voting Aye; Noes, None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Clark and seconded by Commissioner Tinch that $40.00 be
allowed the Police Department in setting up their new Control Center at the Police Station.

Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes,

None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Tinch and seconded by Commissioner Clark that the Police

Department be allowed to install an exhaust fan for ventilation purposes in the front part of the
City Jail at not to exceed $35.70. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his
Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Tinch and seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux that Purchasing
Agent be allowed to buy for the Police Department a new battery charger for charging batteries
for the police motorcycles at a price not to exceed $37.00. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Clark that hours for

holding meetings of the Board of City Commissioners be from 7:30 to 11 o'clock P.M subject to
recess to a specified date and time or continuation of unfinished business together with any new
business which may accumulate during the interim. Vote was as follows: Voting Aye: Commissioners
Smith, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor; Voting No: Commissioner Tinch.

Motion was made by Commissioner Rubidoux and seconded by Commissioner Clark that the Pur-
chasing Agent call for bids on 10,000 gallons of SC1 road oil for the Street Department. Vote:
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Tinch and seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux that the trans-
former in the basement of the Memorial Building be moved to the new location and that bids be
let for the necessary material and housing facilities as required for such removal. Vote: Com-
missioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Clark and seconded by Commissioner Tinch that this meeting
adjourn to April 16, 1942 at the hour of 7:30 P.M. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and
Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.