sioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids on printed forms for the garbage department from the following firms
were opened at this time. Service Printers $140.50. Las Vegas Evening Review Journal
$173.80. Commissioner Smith moved that the bid of Service Printers in the sum of $140.50
be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting recess until April 6th, 1942
at the hour of 7:30 P. M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
April 6, 1942

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held April 6, 1942
at the hour of 7:30 P. M. roll call showed the following present: Mayor Garrison, Commission-
ers: Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux, City Attorney Paul Ralli and Purchasing Agent Le-
roy Whipple, absent: City Clerk Helen Scott.

Minutes of Board meetings held March 16, 17 and April 4 were read and approved as

read.

Motion by Commissioner Rubidoux seconded by Commissioner Tinch; it was moved and
carried that demand registers 664 to 667 inclusive be allowed, and that the Mayor and
Clerk be authorized to sign the various demands thereon as listed. Vote was Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting ayes. Noes, None.

At this time bids were opened as received. On motion of Commissioner Tinch seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux the bid of the Eureka Fire Hose Company for 2000 feet of 2½"

3 ply paragon hose was accepted @ $1.35 per foot. Vote: Commissioners Tinch, Clark,

Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Commissioner Smith passed his vote: Noes,

None.

Bids were opened at this time on the fire hydrants. Upon motion of Commissioner
Clark seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux the bid of the Standard Wholesale Supply Company
for 50 Mueller Fire Hydrants price $78.46 each, was accepted. Vote: Commissioners Smith,
Tinch, Clark	and	Rubidoux	and his Honor the Mayor	voting Aye; Noes,	None.

Bids on	hose nozzles	for the fire department	were then presented to the	Board.	On

notion of Commissioner Clark seconded by Commissioner Smith the bid of the Pacific Fire
Extinguisher Company of Los Angeles for 6 number 8 2½" Larkin Shut-Off Nozzles was awarded
price of $28.75 each.

Bids on traffic lacquer as submitted by Ed Von Tobel Lumber Company, Home Lumber Co-
mpany and Woitishek Lumber Company were opened at this time. Upon motion of Commissioner
 Rubidoux seconded by Commissioner Clark the bid of the Home Lumber Company for all traffic
lacquer in the amount of $819.50 was accepted. Vote: Commissioners Tinch, Smith, Clark
and Rubidoux	and	his Honor the Mayor voting Ayes;	Noes, None.

Bids on	one	4 drawer	legal size metal filing	cabinet submitted	by A.	Carlisle	and

Company of Nevada and the Armanko Office Supply Company both of Reno, Nevada were opened.

Upon motion by Commissioner Tinch and seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved and
carried that the bid of A. Carlisle and Company of Nevada in the amount of $46.12 be
accepted. The vote was: Commissioners Smith, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor
voting Ayes; Noes, None.

Bids on guide index set for finger print records for the Police Department were next
opened. Upon motion of Commissioner Tinch and seconded by Commissioner Smith the bid of
the Sirchie Finger Print Laboratories for one guide index set and one Battely-Henry disc
in the total amount of $180.30 was awarded. The vote was Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Ayes; Noes, None.

Bids from General Auto Parts Company and Art Burnside and Company on flash lights and
red traffic torches were submitted to the Board. Upon motion of Commissioner Clark second-
ed by Commissioner Tinch the bid of the Art Burnside and Company for 12-3 cell capacity
flash lights and 12 red traffic police torches in the total amount of $60.00 was awarded.

Vote:	Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Ayes;

Noes, None.

Bids on Venetian blinds for the new City Clerk's Office were next opened. Bids
being received from the Brown Furniture Company and the Wilbourne Furniture Company. On
motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Tinch it was moved and carried that
the bid of the Wilbourne Furniture Company for the installation of the DeLuxe Steel
Slats S Curve American Venetian blinds in the amount of $139.20 be accepted. Vote: Com-
missioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Ayes; Noes,

Bids for gasoline requisition forms were next opened. One bid from Sunset McKee from