Mayor Marble informed Mr. Rhoads that the same would apply to any other persons desiring to
move houses or structures in the City of Las Vegas, in the future.

Attorney Austin informed the Board that the City must file a map of the well at the cemetery
with	the State	Engineer and pay the	necessary fee before the	end of the present month.

On motion	of Commissioner Luce	seconded	by Commissioner	Ronnow it was	moved and carried that

Commissioner Krause secure the map of the well and that the original and a tracing be filed with
the Clerk for future reference.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded Krause it was moved and carried that the city pur-
chase for the Clerk's office a new typewriter. Selection to be made by the Clerk.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Hoover appeared before the	Board in	regard to tying	into the sewer	at 14th and	Stewart.

On	the account	of the slope of the	round it	would he to his	best advantage	to tie into	the sewer

on 14th Street and not use the alley.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that Mr. Hoover be given permission to tie into the sewer on 14th Street at Stewart St.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried that
the City purchase 8 truck tires and tubes, all 1st grade 8 ply #700 tires.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Luce Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the City purchase from F.A. Monson 600 cubic yards of screened or road mix gravel to be
used on City streets.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause end His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

The Clerk presented to the Board a petition circulated by S.M. Pahor signed by about 52%
of the property owners with in a radius of 500 feet from the N.E. corner of 4th and Charleston
Blvd. This petition ask that the Board grant permission to S.M. Pahor to erect a cabin court
on said site. This petition was circulated as per the provisions of the Zoning Ordinance.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow that permission be granted
S.M. Pahor to erect a cabin court at Fourth & Charleston.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA,

MARCH 4th, 1939.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Has Vegas, held
on the 4th day of March, 1939 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti City Clerk and
City Attorney.

Mr. A.J. Drews, caretaker at the golf course appeared before the Board and ask that his
salary be reinstated as the green fees were not sufficient to warrant him carring on the work
at said course without additional renumeration.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that the City pay Mr. Drews $50.00 per month commencing with the 1st of March, 1939.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Robert Woodruff appeared before the Board and ask if said Board would be willing to cancel
its lease for the "Mermaid Swimming Pool" if the same was satisfactory with Samuel Shaw Jr.
owner of said site. Hr. Woodruff was anxious to secure the entire lease so that he might make
improvements thereon.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that claims and warrants Nos 108 to 118 inclusive be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign
the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

This being the time set for the issuing of an Election Proclamation the following Resol-
ution was introduced and passed:

WHEREAS this is the year provided by law for the holding of a general city election in
the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and

WHEREAS there are to be elected at such election two commissioners, each for a term of
four years, and a mayor for a term of four years, and

WHEREAS, it is the duty of this Board of Commissioners to order said election and deter-
mine the places in said City for holding the same,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED By the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, that a general election be held in said City on Tuesday the second day of
May, A.D. 1939, at which election there shall be elected a commissioner of the first (1st)
class and a commissioner of the third (3rd) class and a Mayor, each of whom shall be elected
for a term of four years, or until his respective successor is elected and qualified, and