

There upon Commissioner Garrison was seated as Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Tinch it was moved and carried
that the resignation of Mayor Krause be accepted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, and Tinch and Mayor Pro Tem Garrison voting aye. Noes none.

At this time Mayor Pro Tem Garrison was elevated to the position of Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas due to the acceptance of the resignation of Mayor Krause and at once entered upon
 his duties as the Mayor to hold such office until the election of a Mayor at the General City
Election May 1943 and the qualifying of the elected officer at that time.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Tinch it was moved and carried
that A.P. Rubidoux be appointed to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of former Mayor
Krause and the elevation of Commissioner Garrion as Mayor Pro Tem to office of Mayor.

Vote Commissioner Ronnow, Tinch and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

There upon Mr. Rubidoux was administered the official oath of office by the City Clerk
and presented his bond in the sum of $1,000.00 approved by the Chairman Mr. Earl, of the Board
of Clark County Commissioners and entered upon his duties as a Commissioner of the City of Las
Vegas to hold such of ice until the next general City Election May 1943.

Mayor Garrison appointed Commissioner Tinch to the post of Police and Fire Commissioner,
and Commissioner Rubidoux to the post of Commissioner of Water, Sewer and Lights, These being
only temporary appointments.

The Clerk was instructed to write the City Planning Commission and ask that body to make
recommendation to the Board in regard to a request made to the Board of Commissioners by the
builders of the hotel at 6th & Fremont Streets to erect a permanent portico over the side
walk at the N.E. corner of 6th & Fremont Street. The Board of Commissioners to consider this
request at a meeting to be held on May 29th, 1941.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner
Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Tinch it was moved and Carried that this meeting recess until
Thursday the 29th day of May, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M,

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Tinch and Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Thursday the 29th day of May, 1941 at the hour
of seven thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

May 29th, 1941.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County Nevada held on the 29th day of May, 1941 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Present Mayor Garrison, Commissioners Ronnow, Tinch and Rubidoux, City Attorney and
City Clerk. Mr. Smith newly elected commissioner attended as a quest.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting held May 26th read and approved as read.

The business of allowing the construction of a portico over the sidewalk at 6th 	and Fremont 

Streets was considered at this	time, and after due consideration on the matter it	was moved

and carried on motion of Commissioner Rubidoux seconded by commissioner Tinch that permission be
granted to the Vegas Hotel, Inc; to	erect a permanent portico	over	the sidewalk at	the	northeast

corner of Sixth and Fremont Streets	on the Sixth Street side.	This	portico to be a	part of the

hotel being erected on said corner. This permission is given upon the recommendation of the
city Planning Commission. Said hotel company agrees to hold the City harmless from any liability
which might result from the construction and maintenance of said portico, and to remove same
in the case of the widening of North Sixth Street.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux it was moved and car-
ried that three slot machine licenses to granted to the Oasis Cafe for the second quarter year.

Vote commissioners Ronnow, Tinch and Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Mr. R.B. Griffith, a member of the airport Committee appeared before the Board in regard
to the erection of a radio tower at the Las Vegas Municipal Airport. Same to be completed about
July 1st 1941.

On motion of Commissioner Rubidoux seconded by commissioner Tinch it was moved and car-
ried that the City call for bids for the erection of a radio tower said bids to be opened at
the hour of seven thirty P.M. on June 6th, 1941. Plans to be secured from the office of the
Architect Mr. A.L. Worswick. Said tower	to be erected at	the	Las Vegas	Municipal Airport.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Tinch	and Rubidoux	and	His	Honor the	Mayor voting aye.	Noes,

none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner
Rubidoux seconded by Commissioner Tinch it was moved and carried that this meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Tinch and Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. 	Noes,

none.

There upon said meeting adjourned.

Attest:

City clerk