The application of Gay Meyers for the operation of a utaine gas service business on North
Main Street in the City of Las Vegas was presented to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the letter of application be handed to Fire Chief Case and that he make his recommendation to
the Board before the granting of a license considered.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner
Ronnow passing his vote.

Fire Chief Case being present he was at once handed the letter of application.

The bids were opened at this time for the purchase of pipe and fittings for the sprinkling
system at the Cemetery and it being found that the Standard Whle Supply Co was the only company

bidding on motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that said bid of the Standard Wholesale Supply Co was acceptable to the City and that said
bid be accepted. Bid $256.25.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Bids for the purchase of poles for the City were opened and on motion of Commissioner Ron-
now seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the bids be referred to Mr.
Gilbert, Commissioner of Water Sewer and Lights and that he contact the Southern Nevada Power Co
and ascertain if the company would be willing to sell to the City the amount of poles needed by
the City at this time.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

None.

Bids for the purchase of fuel oil for all departments of the City for the winter of 1940-41
were opened and on motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved
and carried that the Bids of Ira Earl be accepted. Bid price 7½¢ per gal. and this price to in-
clude servicing stoves.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.

Dr. Park, made oral report to the Board of the progress made in improving the City Golf
Course under W.P.A. of which he is the City's Supervisor. He invited the Commissioners to visit
the course and note the progress made, and also informed the Board that any difference had had been
ironed out.

Bids for the purchase of wire for the electrical department of the City were opened and on
motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that
the bid of the Standard Wholesale Supply Co be accepted it appearing this was the lowest and best
bid received.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Bids for the purchase of two typewriters were opened at this time and said bids were referred
to Le Roy Whipple Purchasing Clerk for tabulation and report at the next meeting of the Board.	

Bids for the purchase of six fire hydrants were opened and on motion of Commissioner Krause
seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that the City purchase six fire hydrants
from the Standard Wholesale Supply Co. Price $401.40.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell voting no.

Mayor Russell stated his reason for voting no being that the bid of the Standard Wholesale
Supply company was not the lowest bid.

The following Preambles and Resolution were introduced and passed:

WHEREAS at a meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held in the City Hall on the sixth day of May, A.D. 1940. the City Attorney of said City
of Las Vegas was authorized to contact A.S. Henderson, Attorney-at-Law of said City and a member
of the Kiwanis Club of said City, and prepare a ninety nine year lease of a certain triangle plot
of ground in the city Park to said Kiwanis Club, for the purpose of erecting a monument thereon, and

WHEREAS a drawing of said plot of ground, showing location distances, angles and area has
been prepared by R.C. Pearson while acting as City Surveyor of said City, and

WHEREAS a form of lease of said gound, consisting of 0.0188 acres, from said City to said
Kiwanis Club for a period of 99 years, for the purpose of building and maintaining a monument
thereon, has been prepared and submitted to this Board and

WHEREAS the same has been approved by the City Attorney of said City,

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County Nevada, in regular meeting assembled this 4th day of October, A.D. 1940, that the said City
of Las Vegas do lease unto the said Kiwanis Club of said City, including all persons who now are
or who hereafter may be members of said Club, for a period of 99 years from this date, that cer-
tain piece of ground in the City Park, described as follows:

Beginning at corner "A", which bears North 20°56' East 356.81 feet from Northwest corner
of Block 33 Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, Clark County Nevada; thence North 61˚55' West 40
feet to corner "B"; thence south 81˚50' East 45.2 feet to corner "C"; thence South 46˚00'

West 46 feet to corner "A", the point of beginning, being a total of 0.0188 Acres,
for the purpose and in consideration of the erection of a suitable monument thereon by said
Kiwanis Club, and the maintenance thereof during said term, by said Kiwanis Club, and its members.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED That the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized to
execute said lease for and on behalf of said City of Las Vegas, and to affix the corporate seal of
said City thereto.

Commissioners Krause proposed the adoption of the above and foregoing Resolution and the
same was seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, and thereupon the same was duly adopted by the follow-
ing vote: