OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 12th, 1941.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada held on the 12th day of May, 1941 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M

Present Mayor Pro Tem Krause Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert and Corradetti and City Clerk also
Attorney C.D.Breeze acting council for the City of Las Vegas and Mattie Lundy official reporter.

This being the time set for the hearing of any additional witnesses in regard to the hearing
of charges against Mayor Russell and other matters relating to said hearing the Board at once
took up the matter at hand.

No further witnesses being called and council not appearing for the Mayor the members of the
Commission took up the matter of passing judgment on each of the eight grounds so filed by Commis-
sioner Ronnow.

Vote on first charge being Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Corradetti, and Mayor Pro Tem Krause
voting guilty. Not guilty none.

Vote on second charge being Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem
Krause voting guilty. Not guilty none.

Vote on third charge being Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem
Krause voting guilty. Not guilty none.

Vote on fourth charge being Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem
Krause voting guilty. Not guilty none.

Vote on fifth charge being Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem
Krause voting guilty. Not guilty none.

Vote on sixth charge being Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem
Krause voting guilty. Not guilty none.

Vote on seventh charge being Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem
Krause voting guilty. Not guilty none.

Vote on eighth charge being Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem
Krause voting guilty. Not guilty none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that this meeting recess until the hour of four o'clock P.M. this date so that Council would have
time to prepare "Judgement and Order" in regard to the foregoing case.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes,

none.

Present at the hour of four o'clock P.M. this date, May 12th, 1941, Mayor Pro Tem Krause,
Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti, City Clerk, C.D.Breeze, council for City, and Mattie
Lundy Official Reporter.

"Judgment and Order" in the following form was read to the Board by the Clerk and signed by
the Mayor Pro Tem and all Commissioners and attest by the Clerk under the seal of the City:

BEFORE THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

In the Matter of charges	

against Mayor John L. Russell,	)

Mayor, the City of Las Vegas,	)

Clark County, Nevada, of incom- )
petence, misconduct, malfeasance )
and nonfeasance in office.	))

JUDGMENT AND ORDER

This matter coming on regularly for hearing before the duly elected, qualified and
acting Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, on the 9th
day of May, 1941, after due and regular notice to the accused, John L. Russell, Mayor of said City;
at which hearing there were present Commissioners C.V.T Gilbert, A. Corradetti, Joe Ronnow, and
Mayor Protem, Herbert Krause, C.D.Breeze, Esq,; appearing as counsel for the Board, A.A. Hinman, Esq.,
appearing as counsel for the accused, City Clerk Viola Burns, City Attorney, H.H.Austin, Esq. and
Mrs.Mattie Lundy, who was appointed Official Reporter, and took the Constitutional Oath of Office
as such;

Counsel for the accused entered a plea on Not Guilty to the charges therefore filed,
and objected to the proceeding on nine grounds; said objections having been over ruled by the
unanimous vote of the City Commissioners, testimony both oral and documentary was presented to the
Board of City Commissioners; after which the hearing was recessed by vote of the Commissioners
to ten o'clock A.M. on May 12th, 1941, for further testimony and for argument.

On May 12th ,1941 at 10.00 o'clock in the forenoon, the hearing was resumed before the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, all members being present
with the exception of Mayor John L. Russell; no further evidence being offered, C.D.Breeze, Esq.,
counsel for the Board, made a short argument, after which a vote of the City Commissioners upon
the several charges and specifications was taken singly, with the following result:

On the first charge and specification, " Guilty", Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Corradetti
and Krause; "Not Guilty", none;

3n the second charge and specification the vote was;" Guilty", Commissioners Ronnow,
Gilbert, Corradetti and Krause; " Not Guilty", None;

On the third charge and specification the vote was: " Guilty", Commissioners Ronnow,
Gilbert, Corradetti and Krause; " Not Guilty", None;

On the fourth charge and specification the vote was: " Guilty", Commissioners Ronnow,
Gilbert Corradetti and Krause; " Not Guilty", None;

On the fifth charge and specification the vote was; " Guilty", Commissioners Ronnow,

Gilbert Corradetti and Krause; " Not Guilty", None;

On the Sixth charge and specification the vote was: "Guilty", Commissioners Ronnow,