OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY

OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA
APRIL 16th, 1941

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 16th day of April, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Gilbert and Corradetti, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Ronnow and Krause.

Minutes of recessed regular meeting of April 9th read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried 

that Warrants Nos. 497 to 502 be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell voting aye to all numbers
except 499-5 on which he voted no.

The business of restoring the Mission Taxi Cab Company's license was considered at this time
and it appearing all differences had in said company in regard to ownership of cars had been dis-
solved on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the Mission Cab Company be allowed to continue its operations from the N.W. corner of 2nd

and Fremont Streets.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for at this tine be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Corradetti

On notion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be instructed to wire for grass seed from Aggler Musser Seed Co. as per requisition
signed by Mr. DeArmond of the Las Vegas Golf Association Board.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Corradetti

At the request of the Civil Aeronautics Administration the following Resolution was adopted:

R E S OLUTION

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING AWARD OF CONTRACT IN THE SUM OF $233,703 00
BY THE CIVIL AERONAUTICS ADMINISTRATION FOR IMPROVEMENT OF LAS
VEGAS MUNICIPAL AIRPORT.

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, at a regular recessed meeting
held on the 18th day of March, 1941, did adopt a certain Resolution accepting an offer of aid in
the development of the Las Vegas Municipal Airport, made by the United States of America through
the administration of Civil Aeronautics of the department of Commerce and providing certain assur-
ances and covenants in consideration thereof, known as resolution AP-4 and

WHEREAS, said City of Las Vegas did thereafter forward to said Civil Aeronautics Administration 

at Santa Monica, California, certified copies of said resolution, and 

WHEREAS in pursuance thereof said Civil Aeronautics Administration did on March 26, 1941, award
a contract for work on and development of said Las Vegas Municipal Airport in the sum of $233,705.00
and

WHEREAS the land upon which said airport is located are described as follows:

The East hald (E½) and the East half of Southwest Quarter (E½ of S.W. ¼) of
Section Three (3); the West half of the Northwest Quarter (w½ of N.W. ¼); the
Northeast Quarter of the Northwest Quarter (N.W.¼ of S.W.¼) of Section Two (2);

All in Township Twenty (20) South Range Sixty-two (62) East M.D.B. & M.; Also
the Southeast Quarter (S.E. ¼) of Section Thirty-four (34); the West half of the
Southwest Quarter (W.½ of S.W.¼); and the Northeast Quarter of the Southwest Quarter
(N.E. ¼ of S.W. ¼) of Section Thirty-five (35) All in Township Nineteen (19) South
Range Sixty-two (62) East M.D.B. & M.

Now, Therefore be it resolved by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, that the said contract awarded by Civil Aeronautics Administration on March 26,

1941, in the said sum of $233,703.00, be and hereby is accepted and approved by the said City of
Las Vegas.

Be it further resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to forward two certi-
fied copies of this resolution to the office of Civil Aeronautics Administration, 1508 Fourth
Street, Santa Monica, California

Commissioner Gilbert proposed the adoption of the above and foregoing resolution and the same
was seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and upon being put to vote was adopted by the following
vote:

Voting aye. Commissioners Gilbert, and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor John L Russell.

Voting no. none. Absent Commissioners Ronnow and Krause.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Cor-
radetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until
Thursday the 16th day of April at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Thursday the 17th day of April, 1941 at the hour of

seven thirty P.M.