Bids for the printing authorized at a previous meeting and to be opened at t is date and
two bids being in the hands of the Clerk said bids were opened.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the opened bids be handed to Le Roy Whipple Purchasing Clerk for checking and tabulation
so that the awarding of said bid might be considered at the next meeting of the Board.

Vote Commissioner Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the report of Municipal Judge A.G.Blad for the month of April be accepted and filed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

A letter from the Nevada Tax Commission acknowledging the receipt of the Las Vegas City Budget
for the year 1940 was read to the Board and on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commis-
sioner Krause it was moved and carried that said letter be placed on file for future reference.

Vote Commissioner Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter from the State Board of Finance informing the Board that said State Board did not
approve authorizing the City of Las Vegas to make an emergency loan in the sum of $20,000.00 with
which to purchase the War Memorial Building., was read at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
this letter be placed on file for future reference.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Corradetti
seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until Monday the
6th day of May, 1940, at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

There upon said meeting recessed until Monday the 6th day of May, 1940 at 7:30 P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS CLARK COUNT, NEVADA,

MAY 6th, 1940.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Clark County Nevada held on the 6th day of May, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert and Krause City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Corradetti.

Minutes of regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of May read
and approved as read.



Harrison Stocks appeared before the Board in regard to securing a building permit for the erection
of a building at 8th & Fremont Streets.

Mr Stocks was given to understand that it was permissible for him to erect said building as
per his plans.

The awarding of the bids for the printing for the year 1940 were considered and upon motion
of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that the
Service Printers be given the printing of items Nos. 4-5-15-16-17-19-20	and	all other items be

printed by the Las Vegas Age with the exception of items Nos. 21 and	22	and	that	the inspection

tags that is nos 19 and 20 be increased from 500 to 1000 in the order.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Krause voting aye. Mayor Russell voting no.

Mayor Russells reason for voting no being that provision had been made in the 1940 budget for
item Nos 21 and 22 namely supplies for the City Health Officer and that the City should do the
printing for all departments of the said City.

Mr. Rhoads. Building Inspector brought to the attention of the Board of Commissioners the
request of Mr. Worden asking permission to erect an auto court at 13th and Fremont Streets and
to be permitted to use adobe block in the construction.

Mr. Rhoads informed the Board that in the Building Code adopted	by	the	City	of Las Vegas

no provision had been made for the use of adobe block and no section prohibited the use of
same. Mr. Rhoads further informed the Board that F.H.A. approved applications for the erection
of buildings using adobe block if the rest of the building met the requirements of the Building
Code.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the Clerk write Mr. Worden and inform him that the City granted permission for the constru-
ction of a building made of adobe block provided that the rest of the building met the require-
ments of the code, and it was further moved that the Building Inspector was granted
the right to issue permits for the construction of other buildings tp be erected of adobe pro-
vided the rest of the construction met the requirements of the building code.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.