Commissioner Krause seconded the adoption of the resolution and the roll call showed the
following vote:

Commissioners, Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor The Mayor Voting Aye., Noes none.

Commissioner Ronnow moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign and execute
Demand # 309 in the sum of $10,000.00 upon the execution of the agreement with the American
Legion Post # 8. Department of Nevada. His move was seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
vote being, Commissioners, Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes
None.

A letter from B. Mahlon Brown was then next read to the board. Mr. Brown asked that the
City arrange to establish the boundaries of the alley between tenth and eleventh and Bonneville
and Garces Streets. Stating further that he was desirous of securing water for
his property in that location and that the Las Vegas Land and Water Company requested that such
boundaries be established before they could lay water pipes in such district mentioned.

Commissioner Ronnow asked permission from the Board to make further investigations regarding the
matter, and was granted such permission to do so and furnish a report to the Board of his findings
at its next meeting.

The necessary insurance coverage on the War Memorial Building was then brought before the
Board for consideration. After some discussion the Board decided to have Commissioner Corradetti
contact Cragin and Pike, who carries the fleet Insurance on the City Equipment and see what
arrangements could be worked out.

At this time it was decided that the Street Commissioner should have the immediate jurisdiction
over the War Memorial Building, and that the building should be in his department until the next
meeting of the Board at which time a definite plan for schedules and management would be worked out.

It was moved by Commissioner Ronnow and Seconded by Commissioner Krause, that the Finance
commissioner, together with the City Auditor take the necessary steps with the Board and arrange
for the Emergency Loan to cover the balance to be paid on the Purchase Agreement with the Las Vegas
Post # 8. American Legion, Department of Nevada.

Vote being Commissioners, Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes
None.		

An estimate for the Reestablishment of the street lights on North Main from Clark Ave., to Oppedyke
Dairy was then next presented to the Board for their consideration. Commissioner Krause explained
that the Southern Nevada Power Company in making their line changes in this vicinity would leave
the City without street lights unless the City lines could be reestablished. Commissioner Krause
then moved that the estimate as prepared by his department be allowed and that the Purchasing Clerk
be authorized to purchase the necessary materials as listed on his report in the sum of $116.98
and that $80.00 be paid the Southern Nevada Power Co for the 4 poles already erected, and $50.00
be allowed for extra labor in erecting and installing such lighting. His motion was seconded by
Commissioner Corradetti and the vote being, Commissioners, Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His
Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None.

On Motion of Commissioner Ronnow, and seconded by Commissioner Krause, it was moved that
this meeting adjourn until March 4th, 1940 at the hour of 7:30 PM. Vote, Commissioners, Ronnow,

Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None.

Thereupon said meeting adjourned until Monday the 4th, day of March 1940 at the hour of
7:30 PM.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 4th, 1940.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
4th day of March, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of February 21st, 1940 read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
 that Warrants Nos 310 to 317 be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Mr. O.A. Kimball and Mr. Busch appeared before the Board in regard to insurance policies
covering both buildings and contents of all city owned property. After some discussion on the mat-
ter on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the business of further insurance for the City be tabled until the next meeting.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Dr. W.R. Smith, City Milk Inspector appeared before the Board in regard to securing an add-
itional sum of $25.00 per month. This sum to be used to covering traveling and car expense in
making milk inspections and being in addition to the sum of $50.00 per month already received by
Dr. Smith, same being salary for this work. This additional sum would be in accordance with the
newly adopted Milk Ordinance".

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commis-
sioner Krause it was moved and carried that the Purchasing Clerk and the Auditor be instructed
to draw a warrant each month as fees are collected from the inspection of milk, in the sum of
$75.00 and make same payable to Dr. Smith, Milk Inspector, as per his salary and traveling ex-
pense. Effective as of January 1st, 1940. That the Clerk regularly collect fees for milk in-
spection at time of collection of quarterly license fees. Said fees being set up in the "Milk
Ordinance" also that the burden bat placed on the City Auditor to see that the fees are coll-
ected from the milk distributors.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.