A letter from A.L. Drew City Electrical Inspector of the City was read to the Board at
this time wherein Mr. Drew ask permission to attend a meeting of the International Electrical
Inspectors Association at Santa Barbara. The cost of the trip to be about $30.00.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that Mr. Drew be allowed the sum of $30.00 toward his expenses at said meeting.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Perry and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes,

none.

Bids were received at this time for the purchase of firehose for the City of Las Vegas,
and upon same being opened it was on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner
Krause moved and carried that the said bids be referred to C.D. Baker City Engineer and Pur-
chasing agent and H. Case Fire Chief for tabulation and report.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids for the printing of about 5,000 arrest cards were also receive at this time and on
opening of same it was on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Perry moved
and carried that same be referred to C.D. Baker and that he accept the best bid and order same
printed.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting ye. Noes, none

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow	 seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried

that the bids for tires received at this time from Cashman Garage, and the Community Chevrolet
company be referred to C.D. Baker	and that he purchase	the tires	at the best price	bid.

Vote Commissioners Krause,	Perry	and Ronnow and	Mayor Pro	Tem Marble voting	eye. Noes,	none

On motion of	Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Perry	it was moved and	carried

that	the bids for	purchase of blankets for the City Jail be opened at this time. And	that the

purchase of said blankets be had where the best bid was offered. Bids being from J.C. Penney
Co; Inc; and Sears Roebuck and Co.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Perry and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none

At this time	bids were opened for the purchase from the City of	all wet garbage.	After

bids	being opened	and it appearing that William Wittwer was the best	it was 	on motion of 

Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Perry moved and carried that the City enter into
a written contract with Mr. Wittwer for the purchase of all wet garbage from the City for the
period of one year.

Vote, Commissioners Krause Ronnow and Perry ana Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting ays. Noes, none

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the Police Dept. be instructed to have Harry Shade move his taxi from the Northwest Corner
of First and Fremont Streets until such time as he had received permission to install a taxi
stand at that location.

Vote Commissioners Krause Ronnow and Perry and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that C.D. Baker be allowed the sum of $10.00 per month to apply on the cost of the operation of
his own car when used for city purposes. And that no cars of other City Employees be so used
until permission is granted by this Board.

Vote Commissioners Krause Perry and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and car-
ried that the claim of Barry Dibble in the sum of $222.95 be allowed. This claim covering ex-
penses acquired in preparing preliminary plans for the proposed power plant and system for the
city of Las Vegas.

Vote Commissioners Krause Perry and Ronnow and Mayor pro tem Marble voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and car-
ried that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Perry and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that the salary of A.W. Blackman be increased to the sum of $100.00 per month effective as of
December 1st, 1937.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Perry and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that until the further order of the Board the Board the sum of $12.50 per month be given to-
ward the rental of the office used by the Federal State Employment Bureau.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Perry and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes,

none.

Mr. Hedges, Special U.P. Officer appeared before the Board and reported the danger es-
pecially to children as they crossed the railroad tracks and ask if some plan might be effect-
ed which might remove this hazard. Mr. Hedges was assure the Board and Police Department
would do all in its power to help this situation.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 11th day of January at the hour of three o'clock P.M.