71.	To provide for the punishment of tramps, common street beggars, common prostitutes, habitual
disturbers of the peace, pickpockets, gamblers, thieves, or persons who practice any game, trick or device with
intent to swindle.

72.	To arrest; fine or set to work on the street or elsewhere all vagrants, mandicants, and persons
found in said city without visible means of support or some legitimate business.

73.	To prevent intoxication, fighting, quarreling, dogfights, cockfights, prize-fights, bullfights,
and also all disorderly conduct which tends to violate the peace and quietude of any individual or individuals
within the city, and to provide against and to prevent the offenses of assault and battery and petit larceny;
restrain riots, routs, noises, disturbances, or disorderly assemblies in any street, house or place in the city;
to regulate and prevent the discharge of firearms, rockets, powder, fireworks, or any other dangerous or
combustible material in the streets, lots, grounds, alleys, or about or in the vicinity of public buildings.

To provide against or prevent the offense of obtaining money ar property under false pretenses or the offense of
embezzling money or property, in all cases where the money or property embezzled or obtained by false pretense
does not exceed in value the sum of fifty dollars, The provisions of this subdivision are separate and distinct
from the provisions of subdivision No. 70 of this section.

74.	To regulate and prohibit the carrying of concealed weapons.

75.	To establish, erect and maintain city jails, houses of correction and detention and workhouses
for the confinement of persons convicted of violating any city ordinance, and to make rules and regulations for
the government of the same, and to appoint necessary jailers and keepers; and to use the county jail for the
confinement or punishment of offenders subject to such conditions as are imposed by law and with the consent of
the board of county commissioners.

76. To punish for keeping, maintaining, or becoming an inmate of, visiting or in any way contributing
to the support of any place, house or room where persons assemble for the purpose of smoking opium, or inhaling
the fumes of opium, or where opium is sold for such purposes.

77.	To provide for and regulate the numbering of houses and lots.

78.	To purchase, receive, hold, sell,	lease, convey and dispose of property, real or	personal, for

the benefit of	the city, either as sole owner or	as tenant in common, with the	county	of	Clark,	State of Nevada

both	within and without the city boundaries; and	as such sole owner or as such	tenant	in	common	to improve,

operate, regulate, and protect such property, and to do all other things in relation thereto which natural
persons might do; provided, that the board shall not have the power to mortgage, hypothecate or pledge any
property of the city for any purpose.

79.	To erect and maintain all needful buildings for the use of the city.

80.	Any property, real or personal, necessary or required for the public use of the city, may be
condemned and appropriated in the manner prescribed by general law, and all rights of eminent domain may be
exercised by the city in relation thereto.

80a. To authorize, by ordinance, officers of the city police department to direct all traffic in
accordance with the provisions of the traffic ordinances of the city, except in times of emergency, at which
times such officers may, by such ordinance, direct the traffic as public safety or public convenience may
require.

80b. To institute and maintain any suit or suits, civil or criminal, in the name of the city, in the
proper court, whenever in the judgment of the board of city commissioners to enforce or maintain any right of the
city, and they may, in like manner, defend all actions against the city; to institute and maintain any suit to
foreclose liens or otherwise against any property owner refusing or neglecting to pay, as assessed by the board
of city commissioners, his ratable proportion of the cost of paving, grading, or otherwise improving any street
or building, or any sidewalk or other improvement which benefits the property of the owner thereof.

80c. To regulate and control the construction and maintenance of any tubes, pipes, or pipe lines, con-
duits, ditches, signal bells, warning signs, and other electrical, telegraph, and mechanical appliances in, along
over, under and across the streets, alleys and public places; provided, that no such appliances shall be placed
so as to interfere with the fire alarm system, or the extinguishment of fires, or permanently with the free use
of the streets, sidewalks, alleys or public places.

80d. To provide punishment for and suppress the unlawful sale, storage or keening, offering or
exposing for sale or barter, manufacture, storage or keeping, or other disposal of intoxicating liquors within
the said city or within one mile outside of the city limits.

80e. Whenever ten (10) per centum or more of the qualified voters resident within the corporate
limits of the city of Las Vegas, as shown by the number of votes cast for mayor at the last preceding election
at which a mayor was elected for such city, shall by petition, in writing, presented to such board, express their
wish	that any act be done or ordinance passed, the board	of commissioners shall cause a	special	election to be

held	as provided by law, unless the submission of such proposition or propositions, at the next	general, city,

county, or state election, may appear to such board more practicable and economical. At which election such
proposition or propositions, shall be submitted to the people at such general or special election, as the case
may be, in a brief and concise manner so as to be readily understood by the ordinary person of common understand-
ing,	and if a special election, it shall be conducted in	the manner now provided by law	for the	conduct of

special election; provided, however, the said board may,	at its discretion, give effect	to such	wish by appro-

priate action in that behalf if within the limits of the powers granted by this charter. At the conclusion of
any election at which any proposition, or propositions, were so submitted to the people, said board is hereby
authorized, empowered and directed to give, by such appropriate act as may be necessary, full force and effect
to each, all and every choice or wish so expressed at such election if within the limits of powers granted by
this charter.

80f. To require the construction and repair of sidewalks by the owners of abutting lots, and to con-
struct and repair the same at city expenses; provided, however, that if the expense thereof shall be paid by the
city, the same shall constitute a lien upon the property and shall be paid by direct payment, special assess-
ment, or as other city taxes are levied and collected.

81. To adopt and enforce by ordinance all such measures and establish all such regulations, in case
no express provision is in this charter made, as the board of city commissioners may from time to time deem ex-
pedient and necessary for the promotion and protection of health, comfort, safety, life, welfare, end property