__ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE___

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby acknowledge service
of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

L.L. Arnett	H.P. Marble	H. Krause

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

H.L Perry___	Jas._H. Down

Commissioner	Commissioner

Minutes of a Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners	of	the	City of Las Vegas	held

on	the 27th day of March, 1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.



Present were Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause and Marble, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Down and Perry.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board for its consideration an agreement from the
Las Vegas Land & Water Company covering the purchase of ground adjoining the Woodlawn Cemetery.
Said	ground if purchased by the City to be used as an addition	to	the	cemetery.

No action was taken on the purchase of the ground but the form of	contract was handed	to

the City Attorney for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the following order be adopted by this Board of Commissioners:

It appearing to the Board, and the Board having determined, that it is necessary to buy
certain lands for a gravel pit and other City purposes, and J. Warren Woodard and Edith G. Wood-
ard having made an offer to sell certain lands to the City for that purpose, and it appearing
to the Board that the said offer should be accepted, and that such purchase would be for the
best interests of the City, it is therefore,

ORDERED that the property described in the foregoing contract, subject to the conditions
and reservations in the said contract provided, be purchased by the City for the sum of Twenty-
five Hundred ($2500.00) Dollars upon the terms and conditions in the said contract provided,
and that the Mayor and City Clerk execute, for and on behalf of the City, the foregoing contract;
that thereafter they do all, each and every thing necessary to carry out the provisions of said
contract.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Absent Commissioners Perry and Down.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
the that following order be adapted:

It appearing to the Board, and the Board having determined, that is is necessary to buy
certain lands for a gravel pit and other City purposes and E.A. Clark having made and offer to
sell certain lands to the City for that purpose, and it appearing to the Board that the said
offer should be accepted, and that such purchase would be to the best interests of the City,

if is therefore,

ORDERED that the property described in the foregoing contract, subject to the conditions and
reservations in the said contract provided, be purchased by the City for the sum of Fifteen
Hundred ($1,500.00) Dollars, upon the terms and conditions in the said contract provided, and that
the Mayor and City Clerk execute, for and on behalf of the City, the foregoing contract; that
thereafter they do all, each and every thing necessary to carry out the provisions of said con-

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Absent Commissioners Down and Perry.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 31st, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 31st day of March, 1937 at the hour of 2:30 O'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause and Mar-
ble, and City Attorney and Clerk

Absent Commissioner Perry.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried

that the following licenses be granted:	

Fremont Tavern, tavern license, Babe Burwell, and W.C. Hamilton retail beverage licenses.
Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.