On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the Clerk write Mr. Stewart and send him a copy of a motion of the Board of Commission-
ers passed at a regular meeting held on May 4th, 1939. Said Motion reading "The Board being in-
formed that J.L. Stewart is no longer employed by the Acme Plumbing Company as Master Plumber
upon motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti the Clerk was directed
to correct license No. 828 to read H. Brockmiller Master Plumber for the Acem Plumbing Co.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none." The clerk was also to inform Mr. Stewart that under these conditions Mr. Stewart was
no longer connected with the Acme Plumbing Company and there fore his request was of no value.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City Electrical Inspector be directed to issue a master electricians card and certificate
to H.J. Reitz. Application being made in writing, and accompanied with a check for $50.00
covering cost of same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a license for a "Cocktail Lounge" be issued Lena Silvagni Testolin for the Apache Hotel .
Said license being $25.00 per quarter, the sum of $50.00 accompanying said application to cover
license from April 1st to Sept 30th, 1939.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Police Commissioner Corradetti read to the Board a letter from Frank Wait Chief of Police
wherein Mr. Wait ask that Officer Howard be retain on the police force for the month of Sept.

the meeting of August 16th by motion of the Board Officer Howard was to be relieved of his
duties September 1st, 1939.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that Officer Howard be retained on the police force for the month of September, at the
salary of $180.00 for the the month.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Mr. Corradetti, as Fire Commissioner moved that Hire Chief Case be allowed to attend the
national convention of Fire Chiefs in San Francisco, California for seven days in September and
that the sum of $250.00 be allowed for expenses attending said convention.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Commissioner Corradetti informed the Board that the sum of $250.00 as expenses to said
convention had been allowed in the 1939 budget.

Harry Jefferies and His partner Mr. Castleton appeared before the Board in regard to cutting
down the curb line at 5th and Clark Streets to make entranceway to the service station now
under construction by them. They requested that the curb line be broken out 40 ft on Fifth St;
and 35 feet on Clark Street. These gentlemen were informed that there was a Resolution enacted
by the Board of Commissioners August 8th, 1934 wherein a limit of 25 lineal feet was set as the
maximum length of all driveways in the City of Las Vegas. Application was also made for the
installation of gasoline tanks in connection with pump service.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner 

Krause it was moved and carried that that certain Resolution introduced and passed August 8th
1934, namely: "On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Arnett the following
Resolution was introduced and passed: Resolved that from and after this date all permits granted
by the City Street Supt. for the construction of driveways in conformity with Ordinance No. 172
of said City shall not exceed in width twenty-five (25) lineal feet, on all streets within
said city. The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, and German and His
Honor the mayor voting aye," be rescinded and that the Board from this time on would consider
each individual application as same was presented.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that permission be granted to Mr. Jefferies and Mr. Castleton to have a 40 foot width driveway
on So 5th St, namely 431 So 5th St; and 35 feet driveway on Clark Street adjoining said 431 So
5th street, also that permission be granted for the installation of gasoline tanks when Hire
Chief Case acting as City Fire Marshall presented in writing his approval of the installation
of said tanks.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner
Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Thereupon said meeting adjourned.