On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that this permission be granted.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and his Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be directed to purchase from the U.S. Post Office 1,000, 2c stamped envelopes for
use of W.B. Mundy City Treasurer. Cost of same $23.04.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that Mr. Austin, City Attorney, prepare a appeal to the Supreme Court of the case Schultz
vs. City of Las Vegas. Mr. Schults having been awarded the sum of $4,500.00 for injuries in a
case against the City of Las Vegas, in the District Court of Clark County.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Monday the 13th day of December, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 13th, 1937

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 13th day of December 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry and Marble.

Mr. Claude Mackey Local Mgr. of the W.P.A. appeared before the Board and stated that the
"Bureau of Fish Hatcheries" were ready and would take over the operation of the bass hatchery
recently constructed on city ground if the City saw fit to deed to this Bureau approximately
60 acres of ground on which the hatchery is located. Mr. Mackey also stated that this would
give Las Vegas quite and addition to the local pay roll.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City Attorney, Mr. Austin and City Engineer C.D.Baker be directed to prepare a deed
to the Bureau of Fish Hatcheries" for the sixty acres of ground needed for the hatchery and
that said form of deed be presented to the Board for its approval and execution at a meeting
to be held in the very near future.

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Board approve the passing of the claim of the Swigart Electric Company in the sum of
$140.00 covering the installation of electric heaters in the City jail.

Vote was commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Thursday the 16th day of December 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 16th, 1937

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Clark County Nevada held on the 16th day of December, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock

P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble, Ronnow, City Attorney and City Clerk
Absent Commissioner Perry.

The Board at this time took under consideration the deeding to the United States of Amer-
ica the fish hatchery recently constructed on City property under WPA project. After some dis-
cussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause the
following Resolution was introduced and passed: