by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting
aYe. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that a station wagon be purchased from Harvey Jones

for $900. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city engineer be allowed to hire Douglas Williams
for twenty days at $7.00 per day. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye.
noes, none.

A letter was read from R. S. Norton, Building Inspector, commenting on
ordinance submitted by FHA, was read and filed.

A letter addressed to William Clark, signed by the city engineer, stating

that he rejected the plot of Mayfair Tract #3 and his reasons therefor, was read.

Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendations of the city engineer rejecting
the plot of Mayfair Tract #3 be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the article prepared by the city engineer regarding
the numbering of houses and naming of streets be given to the newspapers for publication
as a news item. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Lloyd Tritle, Harry Pursell and George Marshall
be appointed on the advisory board of the golf club. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro
tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for 10,000 gasolene order tickets.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the street department be allowed to order necessary
parts to repair the power shovel. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes,
none.

Commissioner Tinch submitted the name of Harry LaFaivre as the officer he was
authorized to hire at the last regular meeting.

Commissioner Smith moved that the Union Pacific's attention be called to a letter
dated November 13, 1941 requesting them to vacate their location on Fremont Street on or before
the 1st day of January, 1942. This request has not been complied with and the Board of
City Commissioners now make further request and insist that all busses be removed from
Fremont Street at once. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that two coffee urns be purchased from the Standard
Brands Company for the city jail, 1 electric and 1 gas; one for the Memorial building and
one for the regular jail, for the sum of $55. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro
tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that 250 badges be purchased for the police department
that each policeman deposit $1 upon receiving said badge which will be refunded when the
badge is turned in. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.