required of the said Bebek & Brkich to be performed under the provisions of a contract between
the City of Las Vegas and the said Bebek & Brkich dated the 15th day of February, 1937, it is
therefore,

ORDERED, that the said sub-contract be, and the same hereby is, approved; subject , how-
ever to the condition that nothing contained in the said sub-contract shall create any contract-
ual relation between the said U.B. Lee and the City of Las Vegas, and provided further that such
sub-contract be approved by the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works.

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED the the City Clerk give written notice to Messrs. Bebek & Brkich
and to U.B. Lee to the foregoing effect:

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioners Krause it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted to R.D. Gard for 113 No. 1st Street. Application
being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it mas moved and carried
that the City of Las Vegas negotiate with J. Warren Woodard for the purchase of some eighty
acres of ground south of the City of Las Vegas to be used for a gravel pit. Said property
to cost approximately $4,000.00. Terms to be satisfactory with the City.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the expenses be allowed the Mayor and Commissioners for the trip to Carson City to attend
the State Legislature in regard to Assembly Bill No. 204, Charter amendment for the City of
Las Vegas and the petition of for a rehearing before the State Supreme Court of the case C.C.
Ronnow vs. the city of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that permission be granted for the moving to what is known as The Old Ranch of a house from
Boulder City, and that the City Building Inspector report to the Board the plans for the improv-
ing the house intended to be moved on Clark Ave. on Westside.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board a letter from the American Legion Post No. 8,
asking the City's assistance in the improving of the grounds surrounding the War Memorial Build-
ing.

On motion of Commissioners Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that the letter be placed on file until such time as the improvement might be considered.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Friday the 12th day of March at the hour of two thirty o'clock P.M.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- Viola Burns, City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called to be
held in the Board of commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office, Tuesday the 9th day of March
1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M. on said day to consider and act upon the following:

1.	To consider and act upon the wage scale of 70¢ per hour for curb and gutter form setters

helper on the Las Vegas Street Improvement District No. 3, Project, and other matter relating
thereto.

Dated this 9th day of March, 1937

H.P. Marble

Acting Chairman of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— L.L. Arnett Mayor, and to Jas. H. Down, H. Krause
H.P. Marble and H.L. Perry, Commissioners

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by a
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office,
Tuesday the 9th day of March, 1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M. on said day to consider and
act upon the following:

1.	To consider and act upon the wage scale of 70¢ per hour for curb and gutter form setters
helper on Las Vegas Street Improvement District No. 3, Project, and other matters relating
thereto.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns,

City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the
foregoing notice and represent that L.L. Arnett Mayor and Commissioner Down are absent from the
City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark and there whereabouts is not easily ascertained.

H.P. Marble	H.L. Perry	Herbert Krause

Commissioner	Commissioner	Commissioner