Clark County, Nevada, at a regular meeting held this 16th day of July, 1941, and presented
before the Board their proposal for the cooperation of the United St tes Public Health
Service, State Board of Health of the State of Nevada, with the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada and the County of Clerk, State of Nevada, in the establishment of a full
time Clark County Health Department, consisting of a full time health officer and such other
personnel as may be necessary, and

WHEREAS, this matter having been heretofore presented to the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and the Board having determined to avail it-
self of such Federal assistance in the establishment of a full time Health Department in
and for the City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark, St te of Nevada, and

WHEREAS, it appears that the sum of $5,000 per year is required as the said City's
share in providing such Health Department,

NOW, THEREFORE, upon motion of Commissioner A. P. Rubidoux and seconded by Commissioner
Art Smith, it is hereby RESOLVED:

First: That the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada does hereby pledge its faith
and credit to the U. S. Public Health Service and the State Board of Health of the State
of Nevada and agrees to make available at such times as said City may be called upon, the
sum of $5,000 per year for the purpose of establishing, maintaining and operating a full
time public health department in and for the City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark,

State of Nevada.

Second: That Dr. Edward E. Hamer, State Health Officer, State Board of Health
of the State of Nevada is hereby requested to take such steps as may be necessary to carry
into effect the purpose of this Resolution.

Third: That Helen Scott, Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby
directed to provide Dr. Edward E. Hamer, State Health Officer, State Board of Health of the
State of Nevada with two certified copies of this Resolution.

Dated and Done at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, this 16th day of July, 1941.

Mr. Rubidoux moved the adoption of said Resolution, motion seconded by Mr. Smith.

Vote: Commissioner Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none. Motion carried.

Mr. Austin appeared before the Board at this time on behalf of the Cunningham Realty
Co., and presented the following proposed agreement to the Board:

AGREEMENT FIXING CENTER OF SECTION FOUR (4),

TOWNSHIP TWENTY (20) SOUTH, RANGE SIXTY-TWO
(62) East, M. D. B. & M.

WHEREAS the undersigned City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation is the owner of all
of the East Half (E½) of Section Four (4), Township Twenty (20) South, Range Sixty-two (62)
East, M. D. B. & M., and,

WHEREAS the undersigned, W. B. Ferron and Ruth Ferron his wife, Forest R. Mildren
and Grace G. Mildren his wife, A. W. Ham and Alta Ham his wife, and Roy W. Martin and
Nellie C. Martin his wife, are the owners of the Southwest Quarter (SW¼) of said Section
Four (4) and Cunningham Realty Co., a Nevada Corporation, is the owner of the Northwest Quarter
(NW¼) of said Section Four (4) and,

WHEREAS there are no other owners of land in said Section Four (4), and,

WHEREAS the parties to this agreement are not certain of the exact location of all
government corners of said section, and,

WHEREAS Mr. J. F. Hesse, a surveyor of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, whose
experience, ability, character and general qualifications are well known to all of the
parties hereto, has made a survey of said Section Four (4) and has determined the location
of the center of said Section Four (4) as a result thereof,

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual benefits flowing to
each and all of the parties hereto and of the respective promises of each and all of the parties
to this agreement, it is hereby agreed by and between the parties hereto that the center
point of said Section Four (4) is at the point fixed by the said survey of the said J. R.

Hesse and is marked by a concrete post three (3) feet in length and Six (6) inches
in diameter, set thirty (30) inches in the ground, with a nail head for the exact center
point and marked on top of said post, "C. Sec. 4" and from which Station 314 93 on U. S.
Highway 91 bears North 1°12' East 622 feet distant.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that said agreement be approved. Motion seconded by Mr.

Tinch. Vote: Commissioners, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Commissioner Smith
passed his vote.

A letter was read from the United States Engineer Office, 751 S. Figueroa Street,

Los Angeles, regarding right-of-way for drainage ditch for the Gunnery School. Commissioner
Smith made a motion that that the United States Government be granted a right-of-way for
the purpose of excavating and constructing a ditch for drainage along the easterly boundary
of Section 4, Township 20 South, Range 62 East, G. & S. R. M., as shown on Maps, file Nos.
469/13 and 467/25, of the United States Engineer office, Los Angeles, California, dated
May 28, 1941. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux
and His Honor the Mayor voting a ye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Bids from the following contractors for remodeling the war Memorial Building were opened
at this time. S. C. Rasmussen, Hampton Brothers and L. O. Waddell.

Mr. Smith made a motion that all bids be rejected for the reason that the bids were
higher than the amount of money available for said work and further moved that the work
be done by day labor. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch
Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Smith made amotion that Mr. Rubidoux select the man to handle the labor and the
city furnish the material. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith
Tinch Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.