OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,

NEVADA - AUGUST 30, 1937

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held on the 30th, day of August 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present: - Mayor L. L. Arnett, and Commissioners Herbert Krause, H. L. Perry and
Joe S. Ronnow, and Deputy City Clerk Le Roy Whipple.

Absent: - Commissioner H. P. Marble, City Clerk Viola Burns and City Attorney Harry

H.	Austin.

On motion of Commissioner Krause and seconded by Commissioner Ronnow, it was moved
and carried that one slot machine license be granted to Bert Smith at 125 So. 5th, Street,

Vote being, Commissioners Krause, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor voting Aye, Noes, None
Absent Commissioner Marble.

A report in detail from the Las Vegas Horsemen's Association covering receipts and
disbursements from the 1937 Rodeo was read, receipts reported were in the amount of
$4,370. 14 and disbursements were reported in the amount of $5,018.82 thus showing a
deficit of $673.68 which included a donation of $25.00 to the City. The deficity being
 met by public subscriptions as shown therein. Upon motion by Commissioner Krause and
seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved that the report be accepted, vote being,

Commissioners , Krause, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor Voting aye, noes none.

Absent Commissioner Marble.

Bids on tires were then opened, bids being received from The Community Chevrolet, Jim Cashman
 and A. C. Grant. All bids were referred to Purchasing agent C. D. Baker to be checked
Mr. Baker there upon checked all bids presented and recommended that the bid of the
 Community Chevrolet Co be accepted as it was the low bid received. Thereupon Commissioner
Ronnow moved that the bid from the Community Chevrolet be accepted as it was the low bid
received, and was seconded by commissioner Krause. Vote, being Commissioners, Krause, Perry
and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor Voting aye, Noes none. Absent Commissioner Marble

A letter from Paul W. Madsen, Supt, Las Vegas Recreation Department was then read before
the Board as Follows:

Las Vegas, Nevada
August, 25, 1937

City Commission, - Las Vegas, Nevada
Gentlemen:

As per your request the Recreation Board invited the operators of the two private
pools to their meeting held on Tuesday, August 24, at the office of the Recreation Supt,

Mr. Gates of the Old Ranch Pool and Mr. Lorenzi of the Lorenzi Park Pool appeared
and made the following requests:

1.	That the rates at the municipal plunge be set to conform with the rates at the
commercial pools.

2. That age at which a child is not be considered a child be defined.

3. That the matter of providing free swimming for all children be discussed.

On question 1, it developed that the rates were similar, except in the case of
childrens ' single admissions. At the request of the operators childrens single admissions
were raised from 10¢ to 15¢. Monthly rates will remain the same as usual. One Dollar for
children and $2.00 for adults.

On question 2, a child is entitled to childrens admission rates until 18 years of age

On question 3, the private operators conceded the right of the Recreation Department
to conduct free swimming periods for the children of the City of Las Vegas .

Respectfully submitted,

Paul W. Madsen, Superintendent
Las Vegas Recreation Department.

On motion of Commissioner Krause and Seconded by Commissioner Ronnow, it was moved and
carried that the report from Mr. Madsen, Supt, of the Las Vegas Recreation Department, be placed
on the minutes, Vote being Commissioners, Krause, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye, noes none. Absent Commissioner Marble.

The question as to maintaining a man to look after the municipal golf course next came
before the Board for discussion. After discussion on the matter, Commissioner Perry moved that the
street department place a caretaker on the golf course at a salary of $40.00 per month for the
next thirty days and was seconded by commissioner Krause. Vote on the motion being Commissioners, 

Krause, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes none. Absent
Commissioner Marble.

There being no further business appearing before the Board at this time, the meeting
recessed and adjourned until Saturday the 4th, day of September at seven o'clock P. M.