OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 18th, 1938

Minutes of a recess regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 18th day of April, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett and Commissioner Perry.

Mr. Marble presented to the Board a letter to the Power Board of the City of Las Vegas,
and ask that a motion be introduced causing said letter to be spread on the minutes of this meet-
ing. hereupon motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that the following letter be entered upon the minutes.

Las Vegas, Nevada,

April 18th, 1938.

To the Chairman and Members of the

Las Vegas Electric Light and Power Board,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

This will acknowledge receipt of your preliminary report on the proposed Munici-
pal Power System for the city of Las Vegas, wherein a definite recommendation is withheld until
additional engineering report be procured.

In this connection you are advised that to secure such additional report would cost a very
considerable sum-estimated at from fifteen hundred ($1,500.00) Dollars to two thousand ($2,000.00)
Dollars-for which, funds are at present unavailable; all of which would probably necessitate a
short time loan, if such could be arranged.

Will you please give the Board of City Commissioners at an early date, your recommendation
as to whether or not such loan should be arranged, bearing in mind that in the event the project
failed to go through, either by purchase or construction, the entire cost of such emergency
loan must be borne by the municipality an expenditure which we hesitate to place on the tax-
payers in the absence of the definite endorsement of our Board.

An Immediate response on this phase of the matter, together with any other recommendations
you desire to submit, will be appreciated.

Very respectfully,

H.P. Marble,

Mayor Pro Tem
Joe S. Ronnow,

City Commissioner
Herbert Krause,

City Commissioner
H.L. Perry

City Commissioner.

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk presented to the Board a letter from the Banking Department of the State of Nevada
accompanied by a certified copy of a Resolution passed by the State Board of Finance wherein the
City of Las Vegas was given authority to negotiate an emergency loan.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be instructed to spread on the minutes of this meeting the letter and the Resol-
ution.

STATE OF NEVADA
BANKING DEPARTMENT
CARSON CITY, NEVADA

April 14, 1938

To The Honorable

The Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Enclosed is certified copy of resolution adopted today by the State Board of Finance
authorizing your Board to made temporary loan in amount of $2,500.00 for the purpose set forth
in certified copy of resolution by your Board on file and of record in this office.

Very truly yours,

D.G. LaRue
Secretary.

CC- his letter a d certified copy of
resolution to:

Mr. David Farnsworth
Clark County Auditor,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

STATE BOARD OF FINANCE

Meeting held April 14, 1938 Resolution Authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas

TO MAKE TEMPORARY EMERGENCY LOAN

WHEREAS, it being made to appear to the satisfaction of the State Board of Finance, duly called a
and met in session under and pursuant to the provisions of that certain Act of the Legislature of
Nevada entitled "An Act Regulating the Fiscal Management of Counties, Cities, Towns, School
District and Other Governmental Agencies", approved March 22, 1917, as amended, that a great nec-
essity or emergency has arisen in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
that necessity now exists for authorizing the obtaining of a temporary loan by and on the part of
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of meeting such emergency as
expressed in and shown by the preamble and resolution unanimously adopted at a meeting on the
of said Board of Commissioners duly called and held on the 4th day of March, 1938, authorizing a
temporary loan for the purpose sent forth in said resolution, a duly certified copy of which is
now on file and of record in the office of the State Board of Finance; and