Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter was read from the Transcontinental and Western Air Lines requesting the
Board to authorize temporary suspension of TWA flight through Boulder City and Las Vegas.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the city clerk write a letter to said Company setting



forth the vigorous protest of the Board to said temporary suspension. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that bids be let for a switchboard for the new city Hall
to be returned by February 16th. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Frank McNamee, Jr., Esq., be appointed as municipal
Judge to act in the absence of Judge Blad. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bids be let for a garbage truck, said bids to be
returned February 16th. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the lawn mower at the city park be shipped to
the Salt Lake Hardware Company for repair. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Clark moved that bids be let for 56 no parking signs for Fremont Street. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Clark moved that Hugh McAllister, head of the Garbage Department,
be allowed $10 per month for gasolene for his car. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Clark,

Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Commissioner Tinch voted no.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that a janitor who would also take care of the grounds
be hired for the new city hall at a salary of $100 per month. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and. carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bids be let for 50 trees for the golf course.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Rubidoux be allowed to purchase a motor



grader from the Hildred-Green Equipment Company of Phoenix, Arizona for $2700.00 plus freight, provided
it was in first class shape. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following city employees have their salaries
raised as follows, to-wit: Fred Tisdail from $150 to $165; J. A. Williams from $140
to $150; in the sewer department: Henry Wilson from $150 to $170 per month; Johnny
Dorough from $154 to $160 per month; Nelson Bishop from $154 tp $160 per month; Al
Drew from $200 to $250, Clem Malone from $150 to $175 per month. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that a relief driver be hired on the garbage truck
at a salary of $160. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by