50.	To enforce the keeping and use of proper weights and measures by vendors. To provide for and
regulate the manner of weighing all food products and foodstuffs, and hay, grain, straw, ice and coal, and the
measuring and selling of firewood and all fuel within the city, and to provide for the seizure and forfeiture
of such articles offered for sale which do not comply with such regulations, and to examine, test, and provide
for the inspection and sealing of all weights and measures throughout the city and enforce the keeping by
traders and dealers of proper weights and measures, duly tested and sealed, and appoint the necessary officers
thereof.

51.	To declare what shall be a nuisance, and to abate the same, and to impose fines upon parties
who may create, continue, or suffer nuisances to exist.

52.	To provide for and regulate the location, management, and construction of packinghouses,
tanneries, canneries, renderies, bone factories, slaughterhouses, butcher shops, soap factories, foundries,
breweries, livery stables and blacksmith shops in or within one mile of the limits of the corporation.

53. To prohibit any offensive or unwholesome business or establishments in or within one mile of the
limits of the corporation; to compel the owner of any pigsty, privy, bam, corral, sewer, or other unwholesome
or nauseous house or place, to cleanse, abate or remove the same, and to regulate the location thereof.

54. To make regulations to secure the general health of the city, to prevent the introduction of
contagious; infections, malignant diseases into the city, and to make quarantine laws and regulations and to en-
force the same within the corporate limits, and within twelve miles thereof. To create a board of health and
prescribe the powers and duties of the same.

55.	To purchase, hold and pay for lands within or without the city limits for the burial of the dead
and all necessary grounds for hospitals and to erect, maintain and manage suitable buildings thereon, and to
have and exercise police jurisdiction over the same and over any cemetery used by the inhabitants of said city;
and to survey, plat, map, fence, ornament, and otherwise improve all public burial and cemetery grounds; and to
convey cemetery lots owned by the city, and pass rules and ordinances for the protection and government of said
grounds; to vacate public burial and cemetery ground, to prohibit subsequent burials therein and to provide for
the removal therefrom of all bodies which may have been interred therein.

56. To regulate the burial of the dead and the registration of births and deaths; to direct the
return and keeping of bills of mortality, and to impose penalties on physicians, sextons and other for default
therein.

57.	To provide for the burial of the indigent dead and to pay the expenses thereof.

58.	To authorize the taking and to provide for the safekeeping and education, for such periods of
time as may be expedient, of all children who are destitute or without proper parental care.

59* To establish, maintain, and regulate free public libraries and reading rooms as is or may be pro-
vided by law, and to perpetuate free libraries and reading rooms as may have been heretofore established in said
city.

60.	To define fire limits, and prescribe limits within which no buildings shall be constructed,
except if it be of brick, stone or other incombustible material, without permission, and to cause the destruc-
tion or removal of any building constructed or repaired in violation of any ordinance, and to cause all build-
ings or inclosures which may be in a dangerous state to be put in a safe condition or removed.

61.	To prescribe the manner of constructing stone, brick, and other buildings and the construction
of fire escapes; and to cause all buildings used for public purposes to be provided with sufficient and ample
means of exit and entrance, and to be supplied with necessary and appropriate appliances for the extinguishment
of fires, to prevent the overcrowding thereof and to regulate the placing and use of seats, chairs, benches,
scenery, curtains, blinds screens or other appliances therein.

62.	To prevent the dangerous construction and condition of chimneys, fireplaces, hearth, stoves,
stovepipes, heaters, ovens, furnaces, boilers, and appurtenances used in and about buildings and manufactories,
and cause the same to be removed or placed in a safe condition.

63a. To adopt by reference and to enforce any uniform building code and/or electrical code.

63* To regulate and prevent the carrying on of manufacturing likely to cause fires, and to prevent
the deposit of ashes in unsafe places.

64* To regulate and prohibit the keeping of any lumber yard and the placing or piling or selling of
any lumber, timber, wood or other combustible material within the fire limits of the city.

65.	To regulate or prevent the storage of gunpowder, tar, pitch, resin, coal oil, benzine, turpen -
tine, nitroglycerine, petroleum, or any of the products thereof, and other combustible or explosive material, and
the use of lights in stables and other places, and the building of bonfires.

66.	Except as otherwise provided by law, to provide for the organization and support of a fire depart-

ment; to procure fire engines, hooks, ladders, buckets, and other appurtenances; and to organize fire engine and
hook and ladder companies and to prescribe rules, duties and government therin with such penalty as the board
may deem proper, and to make all necessary appropriations therefor; and to establish regulations for the preven-
tion and extinguishment of fires.

67.	To provide for the inspection and to regulate the use of steam boilers; to provide for the
examination, regulation and licensing of stationary engineers and others having charge or control of stationary
engines, boilers, of steam-generating apparatus, or elevators within the corporate limits of the city.

68.	To prevent cruelty to animals.

69.	To prevent the running at large in the city of poultry, hogs, sheep, goats, swine, horses, cows,
or other animals; to establish and maintain a pound and to authorize the impounding, sale or disposal of any animals

found running at large, and to authorize the destruction of all fowls or poultry running at large.

70.	To provide for the punishment of persons disturbing the peace and good order of the city or any
lawful assembly by clamor or noise or by intoxication, fighting or using obscene or profane language, or other-
wise violating the public peace by indecent or disorderly conduct, or by lewd or lascivious behavior, and to
punish the interference with any city officer in the discharge of his duty; also, to provide for the punishment
of trespass, and such other petty offenses as the board may deem proper.