Attorney Hinman at this time objected to the hearing of the charges against Mayor Russell
and ask that the same not be heard.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the objections of Attorney Hinman be over ruled and that the Commission proceed with the
hearing.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes, none.

Attorney Hinman speaking on behalf of Mayor Russell denied each and every one of the eight
(8) charges filed against Mayor Bussell by Commissioner Ronnow, and there upon excused himself.

Attorney Breeze, council for the Commissioners opened the hearing and testimony was given
by Viola Burns, City Clerk as first witness who was followed by Commissioner Gilbert.

At the hour of twelve o'clock noon on motion of commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner
Gilbert it was moved and carried to recess until the hour of two o'clock P.M. on this day.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye.
Noes, none.

Meeting reconvened at two o'clock P.M. with the following present, Mayor Pro Tem Krause, Com-
missioners Ronnow, Gilbert Corradetti City Clerk, Reporter Mattie Lundy and C.D.Breeze, Attorney.

Other witnesses called were City Attorney Austin, Commissioners Ronnow, Corradetti, and Mayor
Pro Tem Krause and after hearing the witnesses and being of the opinion that Mayor Russell might
be able to appear at a date in the near future on motion of commissioner Ronnow seconded by commis-
sioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that this hearing be resumed Monday the 12th day of
Kay 1941 at the hoar of ten o'clock A.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert. Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes, none.

The signing of an agreement with Jimmie Crossan, Pro at the Las Vegas Municipal Golf Course
was considered at this time, and on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by commissioner Gilbert
it was moved and carried that the form of agreement entitled "Golf 'Pro' Agreement" as presented
to the Board be accepted and that the Mayor Pro Tem and Clerk sign the same on behalf of the City
and Jimmie Crossan on behalf of himself as the party of the second part.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes, none.

The granting of an easement over City owned ground on which to construct an access road to the
Las Vegas Municipal Airport from Highway 91 was considered at this time and the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

R E S O L U T I O N

"Whereas the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, has recently acquired certain lands in
Sections three (3) and four (4) in Township twenty (20) South Range sixty-two (62) East, M.D.B.&

M. for the purpose of the acquisition and development of the Las Vegas Municipal Airport, and,

Whereas it is necessary and essential that a highway be constructed into said airport from
State Highway Route #6, Section D2, which is a part of U.S. Highway #91, over said lands now owned
by the said City of Las Vegas, and,

Whereas a map and plat of said proposed access highway has been submitted to and filed
with the City Clerk of the said City of Las Vegas by the Department of Highways of the State of
Nevada, and,

Whereas a description, by metes and bounds, of said proposed access highway has been
furnished to the City of Las Vegas by the said Department of Highways of the said State of 

Nevada,

Now ,therefore, BE IT RESOLVED, that the following described lands be and the same are
hereby dedicated to the public for right of way purposes, and the exclusive use thereof, for
right of way purposes, is hereby reserved to the public, to wit:

A right of way of varying width over and across a portion of the Northeast one-
quarter (NE¼) of the Northeast One-quarter (NE¼) of Section four (4) and the South one-half
(S½) of the Northwest one-quarter (NW¼) of Section three (3, Township twenty (20) South,

Range Sixty-two (62) East, M.D.B.&M., and being more particularly described by metes and
bounds as follows, to wit:

Beginning at a point on the southeasterly, seventy-five foot, highway right of way line
-of the State highway in Clark County, Route 6, Section D2, known as Highway Engineer's Station
"0" 0/76.87 P.O.T. which point bears South 48˚32' 50". East a distance of 76.87 feet from
Nevada State Highway Engineer's Station "R" 343/50.00 P.O.T;; said point of beginning being
further described as bearing South 20°35'10" West a distance of 912.99 feet from the north-
east corner of said Section four (4); thence North 54°06' East along the southeasterly,
seventy-five foot, Nevada State Highway right of way line a distance of 153.73 feet to a point
on the proposed, northeasterly, one hundred fifty foot, airport access highway right of way
line; thence South 48°32' 50" East along said right of way line a distance of 206.73 feet to
a point; thence from a tangent which is the last described course, curving to the left
along said right of way line with a radius of the thirteen hundred and fifty (1350) feet,
through and angle of 40°38'40", a distance of 957.56 feet to a point; thence continuing
along said right of way line South 89°11'30" East a distance of 1952.62 feet to a point on
the east boundary of the Northwest one-quarter (NW¼) of said Section three (3); thence South
1°33'30" West along said boundary line a distance of 200.02 feet to the southeast corner
of the Northwest one-quarter (NW¼) of said Section three (3); thence North 89°ll'30" West
along the south boundary of the Northwest one-quarter (NW¼) of said Section three (3) a
distance of 2774.58 feet to a point bn the section line common to said Sections three (3) and
four (4); thence North 0°14' West along said Section line a distance of 240.33 feet to a point
on the southwesterly, fifty foot, right of way line of said airport access road; thence from
tangent which bears North 56°51'41" West curving to the right along said right of way line
with a radius of fifteen hundred and fifty (1550) feet, through an angle of 8°18'51", a distance
of	224.92	feet	to a point; thence North 48°32'50" West along said right of way	line a	distance

of	251.81	feet	to a point on the aforesaid seventy-five foot, State highway right of way

line; thence North 54°06' East along said right of way line a distance of 51.24 feet to the
point of beginning; containing an area of 16.34 acres, more or less.

Said above described lands shall be used only for highway purposes and whenever the same shall
cease	to	be used as	a public highway, as access to said municipal airport, then the title	to the

above	described	land	shall revert to and be vested in the said City of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Ronnow proposed the adoption of the above and foregoing resolution and the same
was seconded by Commissioner Gilbert and upon being put to a vote, the same was passed and adopted
by the following vote: