The Clerk at this time read a letter to the Board of Commissioner from the Las Vegas
Junior Chamber of Commerce wherein said Chamber ask permission to use the City Park for a
concert to be given by the Pasadena Tournament of Roses Band on June 30th, 1939.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that permission be granted to the Junior Chamber of Commerce to use the park the night of June
30th, 1939 for a band concert.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk opened bids for a cooling system for the Public Library and upon
motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause that the bids be handed to Le
Roy Whipple. Purchasing Clerk for checking both as to prices and kinds and report at next meeting
Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk read a petition signed by about forty-five citizens asking that O.C. Boggs
be appointed Chief of Police.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the petition be filed for future reference.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that Ebbie Davis be employed for 10 days as motor grader operator and the wages for same be $8.00
per day.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Corradetti and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Mayor appointed the Commissioners to the various departments of which they
would have charge, but in making these appointments informed the members that changes might be made

Commissioner Krause	Police and Fire	Departments

Commissioner Gilbert	Streets and	Public Property

Commissioner Ronnow	Finance

Commissioner Corradetti	Water Sewer	and	Lights.

Mr. Blackman brought to the attention of the Board at this time the fact that his term of
office as a member of the Recreational Board had terminated and stated that he would not consider
a re-appointment to the office, but recommended the appointment of Jimmy Sadler to the vacancy
and stated that this meet with the approval of the balance of the members of the Recreational
Board.

Thereupon on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by CommissionerKrau.se it was moved
and carried that Jimmy Sadler be appointed to the Recreation Board to fill the vacancy caused
by the expiration of the the term of A.W. Blackman. Said term to be eight years from date.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Kruse, Gilbert and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The business of securing supplies to be used by the Recreational Department during the summer 

months was discussed by the Board.	

It was also brought to the attention of the Board that the Street Commissioner automatically
became a member of the Recreation Board and with this through in mind Commissioner Krause was
released of this duty and same was turned to the newly appointed Commissioner of Streets, Mr.
Gilbert.

After some discussion on the matter of supplies for this department on Motion of Commis-
sioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that Commissioner Gilbert
meat with the Recreational Board in the near future and authorize them to secure the necessary
help for additional work during the summer months and to report back to the Board in regard to
the purchase of equipment and supplies. (A sum of money for this department had been allowed in
the 1939 budget).

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that this meeting recessed until the 16th day of June, 1939 at the hour of seven o'clock

P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until June 16th, 1939 at 7 o'clock P.M.