On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that permission be granted to ob Gilbert for use of the Ball Ground for Sunday night Aug-
ust 28th. Said Park to be used for a ball game between a Las Vegas Team and a team from San 

Bernardino, California.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause and Luce and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Hunter appeared before the Board in regard to alterations to a building owned by him in
Fire Zone 2. Building Inspector Rhodes had stopped said alterations because they didn't not met
the requirements of the Building Ordinance of Las Vegas.

Mr. Hunter was given until August 31st, 1938 to comply with same.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Wednesday the 31st day of September, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 31st, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 31st day of August, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and City Attorney
and Clerk.

The business of allowing music, dancing and entertainment in the taverns in the City of Las
Vegas was considered at this time. Each Commissioner and Mayor entering into a discussion as to
the enforcing of rules and regulations now enforce or maybe hereafter be adopted. After some lengthy
discussion on the limiting of the form of entertainment it was on notion of Commissioner Luce
Seconded by Commissioner Corradetti moved and carried that until the further order of the Board
all entertainment in taverns be subject to the approval of the Police and Fire Commissioner.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Luce and Krause voting aye. Commissioner Ronnow and His Honor
 the Mayor voting no. Mayor Marble stated to the Board his reasons for voting against the
motion was that it allowed too much responsibility placed on one member of the Board.

Commissioner Ronnow at this time presented to the Board plans for rest rooms, and betting
booths at the race track.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the plans be handed to C.D. Baker, City Engineer and that he check the plans as to their
suitability to the various locations in the park and race track grounds.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Henry Wilson be granted vacation with pay from Sept. 15th to 30th, 1938.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The proceeding with the anticipated street improvement district in Las Vegas was next con-
sidered and it was decided at this time that the City should publish its notice of intention.
There upon the following Resolution was introduced and passed:

NOTICE OF PROPOSED STREET IMPROVEMENT

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas proposed
to cause to be made certain street improvements comprising oil bound gravel pavement and con-
crete curbs and gutters upon the street hereinafter described, except such portion thereof as
may have thereon pavement and gutters or either; that the expense of such improvements will be
defrayed as follows: Forty-five percent (45%) will be granted by the Federal Government and the
remaining Fifty-five per cent (55%) will be defrayed by special assessment upon the property here-
inafter described according to the benefits and improvements made thereon.

that is it proposed to made said improvements upon the following described property,
to wit:

To grade for and construct oil bound pavement three inches thick from curb to curb, and
concrete curbs and gutters on the following streets and portions of streets in the City of Las
Vegas:

All of Linden Avenue from Fifth Street to Sixth Street and from Seventh
Street to Eight Street: all of Mesquite Avenue from Eighth Street to State Street;
all of Stewart Street from Ninth Street to the Alley between Tenth Street and
Eleventh Street (excepting curb and gutter on the south side of Stewart Street
between Tenth Street and the Alley between Ninth Street and Tenth Street, which
is already installed): all of Ogden Street from Ninth Street to Eleventh Street
(excepting curb and gutter between ninth Street and Tenth Street on Loth sides of
street and excepting curb and gutter on the south side of Ogden Street between
Tenth Street and the Alley between Tenth Street and Eleventh Street; which is already