On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that hr. Marble, Mayor Pro Tem and C.D.Baker, City Engineer make this trip if possible. Trans-
portation being had with Claude Mackey Local Mgr.	and that any additional expense be

stood by the City.

Vote Commissioners Krause, and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board for its consideration two claims for labor
at the municipal plunge. These claims for labor being for electrical work and painting in con-
nection with the rooms to the front of the plunge. Said rooms were to have been leased to a
Mr. Lonsinger, but Mr. Lonsinger departed before the lease was executed. The cost of the re-
pairing of said rooms was to have been at the expense of Mr. Lonsinger and these bills were
contracted by him but sane were not paid by him before leaving the City.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that these bills be handed to the Recreation Board for consideration and checking before any
action be taken on the same.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

An	ordinance	entitled "AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE ERECTION	AND MAINTENANCE	OF BILLBOARDS,

ELECTRIC	SIGNS AND	ALL OTHER KINDS OF OUTDOOR SIGNS, PROVIDING FOR	THE ISSUANCE OF	PERMITS

THEREFOR AND INSPECTION THEREOF, FIXING THE FEES FDR ALE SUCH PERMITS AND INSPECTIONS, AND PRO-
VIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE," was read to the Board for a first time
and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble
voting aye. Noes, none. Absent Mayor Arnett and Commissioner Perry.

The	Clerk was	thereupon directed to have said ordinance published in the Las	V gas Age,

a weekly	newspaper	printed and published in the City of Las Vegas	once a week for	two consecutive 

weeks. This ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 233.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Monday the 21st day of March, 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 21st, 1938.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas clank county Nevada, held on the 21st day of March, 1938 at the hour of three o'clock
P.M. on said day.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett and Commissioner Perry.

The Clerk	presented to the Board a letter	from the U.S. Government asking for the return

of supplies furnished the Las Vegas Rifle Club	through a Mr. Blaine, Mr. Blaine, was

not located in the City through the efforts of the Clerk.

On motion	of Commissioner Ronnow seconded	by Commissioner Krause it	was	moved and carried

that the letter	from the U.S. Government	be	handed to the Police Commissioner Mr. Krause and

that he ask the	Police Dept. of the City	of	Las Vegas to try and locate Mr. Blaine.

Vote Commissioner Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Mr. Austin, City Attorney and Mr. Baker City Engineer prepare the necessary papers for
the purchase of	land from J.W. Woodward,	as	the purchase of same had been provided for	in the

City Budget for	the year 1938, and would	provide additional gravel facilities for the	City.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that Mr. Austin, City Attorney, inform the State Board of Finance the emergency that
exists in regard to the securing of a Loan from the First National Bank to be used toward the
construction os a municipal Golf Course, with WPA assistance.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and
carried that Commissioner Ronnow be appointed to serve as an alternate on the "Publicity
Committee". Mr. Marble serving as the Committee man.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the several petitions filed with the Clerk asking for street improvements in the South
and Southeast portions of the City be handed to C.D. Baker for checking and recommendation.

Vote Commissioners Krause, and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.



At this time the Clerk read to the Board a letter and a copy of a Resolution received from the
Central Labor Council of Clark County, wherein and whereby in said Resolution the said Labor
Council petitioned the City of Las Vegas to proceed with the construction and installation or
purchase of a municipal power plant and system for the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the letter be handed to the City Attorney for answer, and that he inform the Labor Council
of the stathis of this project.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.