On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the City Attorney be instructed to forward to the C A A Santa Monica California certification
to the fact that the City had title in fee simple to lands to be used for the Las V gas Airport, also
that Mayor Russell, Chief Executive officer of the City forward his approval of the action of the
Board in adopting C A A Resolution Form AP-4.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that
four slot machine licenses be granted to the Log Cabin Bar for the first quarter year.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.



	On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried

that all bids for the purchase of an aerial ladder be rejected at this time.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
all bios for the purchase of fire hose be tabled until further action of the Board.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

 Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Gilbert
Seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until Saturday
the 22nd day of March, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Saturday the 22nd day of March, 1941 at the hour of
seven thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

MARCH 22nd, 1941.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of March, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

	Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and

Clerk.

Minutes of March 18th read and approved as read.

Wm. Busick presented to the Board sixteen (16) petitions signed by 377 citizens of the City of
Las Vegas petitioning as follows:

PETITION

To the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada;

The undersigned, constituting more than ten (10) per centum of the qualified voters resident
within the Corporate limits of the said City, as shown by the number of votes cast for Mayor at the
last preceding election at which a Mayor was elected for said City hereby petition that those
certain charges against John L. Russell as Mayor, filed by Joe S Ronnow, to-wit, January 25, 1941
with the City Clerk of said City, be not tried and that no further action be taken thereon.

 Also, that you cause a special election to be held as provided by law, for the submission
of this proposition to the voters of said City, or, if it appear more practicable and economical,
that said proposition be so submitted at the next General City Election.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried

that these petitions be filed with the Clerk and that she make check of said names as to being
registered voters.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Gilbert, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner
Corradetti passing his vote. Noes, none.

motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved ana carried
that the hearing of charges against Mayor Russell as filed by Commissioner Ronnow be heard at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners to be held on Wednesday the 26th day of
March, 1941 at the hour of 9:30 A.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell passing
his vote.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that this meeting recess until Wednesday the 26th day of March, 1941 at the hour of 9:30 A.M.

 Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Thereupon said meeting recessed until Wednesday the 26th day of March, 1941 at the hour of 9:30 A.M.