OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 17th, 1941

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada held on the 17th day of March, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

Minutes of meeting of March 6th read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that warrants numbers 484 to 486, 464-18, 465-6,467-7, and 474 -2-3-4-5- be allowed and that
the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Bids for the purchase of an aerial ladder were opened at this time and on motion of Commis-
sioner Ronnow, seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the bids be
handed the Purchasing clerk for checking and tabulation and that the same be considered at the
next meeting.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Krause being excused.

The Clerk presented the Board with a letter from the Eureka Fire Hose Co signed by L.M.
Gosney where in Mr. Gosney ask that the Board consider the bid of his company as date of November
1940, and to disregard the bid of February 1941. Commissioner Ronnow ask that the Clerk write Mr.
Gosney and inform him of the action of the Board in regard to calling for, accepting all bids,
or action thereon, and state the policy of the board in regard to the foregoing.

For Precinct No. 1, At the Municipal court Room in the rear of the Police Station on 2nd Street

between Fremont and Ogden Street;

For Precinct No. 2, At the City Library on Carson Street between 2nd and 3rd Streets,

For Precinct No. 3, At the store building at 15 Bridger Street;

For Precinct No 4, At Clark's Garage, on Clark Street between Main and 1st Streets;

For Precinct	No.	5,	At	War Memorial Building, Stewart Street, between 4th	and 5th Streets;

For Precinct	No.	6,	At	Earhart's Packard Motor Car Display Room, corner 5th and Fremont Streets,

For Precinct	no.	7,	At	Grammar School Building 4th and Lewis Streets, 4th	Street entrance.

For Precinct	No.	8,	At	Southwest Plumbing Co 830 South Main S .

For Precinct	No.	9,	At	McWilliams Garage, NE corner 3rd & Wilson Streets,	Westside.

For Precinct No. 10, At Southwest Motors 1020 Fremont Street;

For Precinct No. 11, At garage on West 6th Street, Westside, Between Wilson and Gass Aves;
For Precinct No. 12, At garage in rear of 700 South 7th Street.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor of the City forwith make proclamation hereof.

Commissioner Ronnow proposed the adoption of the above and fore going Resolution and the same was
seconded by Commissioners Corradetti, and upon being put to vote the same was duly carried and
adopted by the following vote: Aye, Commissioners Ronnow and Corradetti and His honor the Mayor
Fro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commission Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved ana carried
that the newly created "Golf Board" be given authority to conduct and carry on the business of t at
Board, same to be conducted in the manner and way of the Recreation Board of said City, and that
the City Attorney be instructed to draft a form or ordnance governing same and presented same to
Board for its consideration in the near future.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes, none.

Messrs. Fleming and Worswick, architects of the City were present with plans for the proposed
administration building at the Las Vegas Airport.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that each architect submit several sets of plans for the proposed administration building at the
Las Vegas Airport same in turn to be forwarded to the Western Air Express Corp, and the C.C.A.
for approval of said plans or alteration or changes.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the members of this Board of Commissioners extend its heart felt sympathies to Commissioner 

Gilbert and his family. Mrs. Margaret Gilbert, wife of Commissioner Gilbert having passed
away this 6th day of March, 1941. That the City provide a suitable floral offering.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Corradetti and Mayor pro tem Krause voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner
Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until
Monday the 17th day of March, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow and Corradetti and Mayor pro tem Krause voting aye. Noes, none

There upon said meeting recessed until Monday the 17th day of March, 1941.