LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
AUGUST 28, 1941

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held in the District	

Court Room of the Clark County CourtHouse, on the 28th day of August, 1941.

Meeting called to order by C.R. Clark, Mayor pro tem at the hour of 8:00 P.M., with
the following members present. Commissioners Smith, Tinch and Rubidoux, Madison B.

Graves, Deputy City Attorney, Helen Scott, City Clerk and LeRoy Whipple Deputy Clerk .

Absent:	Mayor Howell C. Garrison.

This meeting was called for the purpose of discussing the Report and recommendations of
Mr. George Woods, C.P.A., who audited the books of the city, with the different department
heads and their sub-committees, who were present. His Honor, C. R. Clark, Mayor pro tem
turned the meeting over to Commissioner A. F. Smith, Sr., who explained the system and
asked the cooperation of everyone to put it into effect.

There was presented to the Hoard the Petition of Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad
Company, for permit to construct an extension of their track No. 28, in their yard at

Las Vegas, Nevada, across Charleston Road, in the City of Las Vegas, said extension of
track to be parallel to and twenty feet easterly from the existing main track now crossing
said Charleston Road.

Said Petition was considered by the Board, and after due consideration the following
resolutions were adopted:

RESOLVED: That permission be granted to Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company,
a corporation, and its Lessee, Union Pacific Railroad Company, a corporation, hereinafter
collectively called "Railroad Company", to construct, install and maintain an extension
of its track No. 28, in its yard at Las Vegas, Nevada, across Charleston Road, also
known as Charleston Boulevard, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, said extension of track to
be parallel to and twenty feet easterly from the existing main track now crossing said
Charleston Road.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED: That the Mayor, or in his absence the Mayor Pro Tem., the
Street Commissioner, and the City Clerk , be and they are hereby authorized and directed
to execute a formal permit to said Railroad Company therefor after the form of such permit
shall have been approved in writing by the City Attorney.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED? That this Board, through its Street Commissioner, take up
with the proper officials of said Railroad Company, and endeavor to have said Railroad Company
dedicate said Charleston Boulevard throughout its entire length, where the same crosses
over the land of said Railroad Company, on such terms and conditions as may be obtained.

Commissioner Rubidoux then moved for the adoption of the foregoing Resolutions,

which motion was seconded by Commissioner Smith, and said Resolutions were adopted; Commissioners
Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch, and Clark voting "Aye". "Noes" -none.

Mr. Tinch made a motion that that certain land necessary for right of way for rerouting
of the Lincoln County Power Line be purchased from Mr. Friedman for $295.24. Motion seconded
by Mr. Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor
the Mayor Pro Tem voting "Aye". "Noes" -none. Commissioner Smith passed his vote.

Commissioner Tinch made a motion that the Veteran's of Foreign Wars be granted permission
to have a carnival in the city of Las Vegas from September 5th to 14th inclusive. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch, Smith
and His Honor the Mayor pro tem voting "Aye". "Noes" -none.

No further business appearing, Mr. Rubidoux made amotion that the meeting recess until
August 30th, 1941 at the hour of 10:30 A. M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch, Smith and His Honor voting "Aye". Noes- none.

August 30, 1941
Las Vegas, Nevada

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 30th
day of August, 1941 at the hour of 10:30 A.M.

Meeting called to order by Commissioner Clark, Mayor Pro Tem with the following members
present. Commissioners Smith, Rubidoux and the City Clerk. Absent: Howell Garrison,
Mayor. M.C. Tinch, Commissioner.

Reading of the Minutes of the previous meeting was waived.

Mr. Rubidoux made a motion that warrants 562 to 565 inclusive be allowed. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Rubidoux and
Mayor Pro Tem voting a ye. Noes, none.

Mr. Smith made a motion that we adjourn until September 4th, 1941 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
Notion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,
Rubidoux and His Honor voting a ye. Noes, none.