OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

JUNE 5th, 1939.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 5th day of June, 1939 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and City Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of May 25th and 29th read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the Board of Commissioners approve the action of Commissioner Corradetti in employing
David Mackey and Harry Miller as Police Officers for the month of June, 1939 at the rate of
$5.00 per day.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the report of Municipal Judge Lewis for the month of May, 1939 be filed and that the Mayor
sign same as his approval thereof. Fines for the month of May 1939 $235.00.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that warrants Nos. 161 to 170 inclusive for salaries and materials be allowed and that the
Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the newly elected Mayor, John L. Russell, and Commissioners Corradetti and
Gilbert, and City Attorney Austin were in attendance.

Mayor Marble ask that Commissioner Luce surrender his chair, as an outgoing Commissioner
to Commissioner Gilbert, Mayor Marble reseated Mr. Corradetti as Commissioner and Mr Austin as
City Attorney and in a few well chosen words thanked the Commissioners and the Clerk and
all other City employees for their cooperation during his term of office as Mayor, he then
extended his well wishes to the new Mayor John L. Russell and assured him of hi cooperation as
a private citizen and surrendered his chair as Mayor to Mr. Russell.

This portion of minutes approved by Mayor Marble as they represent his last action as
the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Approved:

Mayor.

Before Mayor elect Russell called the meeting to order and started the order of business
the Clerk presented to the Board the bonds of each of the newly elected officers in the sum
of One Thousand Dollars, their oaths of office and the approval of the said bonds by the Chair
man of the Board of Clark County Commissioners as same is provided by City Charter, thereupon
the newly elected officers entered upon their duties. Mayor Russell explained to the Board the
programme he had in mind for his term of office and in turn ask that each commissioner tell
of their plans, ideas, and programme. All the Commissioners and Mayor assured those present
( which included about forty or fifty interested citizens) that they would all work toward the
improvement of Las Vegas, and in operating the City in a business like manner.

Mayor Russell ask what the members of the Board though of having a joint meeting with
the Board of County Commissioners in the near future and upon motion of Commissioner Krause
seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that the Clerk write the Board of Clark
County Commissioners and ask that they set a time when it would be convenient to meet with the
Board of City Commissioners.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

At this time the selection of a Mayor Pro Tem was given consideration and it was the unan-
imous opinion of the members of the Board that Commissioner Krause retain his position as Mayor
Pro Tem.

The appointment of a Chief of Police for the City of Las Vegas was brought before the
Board by Mayor Russell and he recommended the appointment of Judd Parker to the office of Chief
of Police. As this appointment must be made by the entire Board of Commissioners the Mayor
called for a motion upon the matter and receiving none surrendered his chair to the Mayor
Pro Tem and introduced the motion that Judd Parker be appointed Chief of Police of the City of
Las Vegas. After some minutes and no seconding being had Mayor Pro Tem Krause ask for a second
and still not receiving a second the motion died for want of the same.

There upon Mayor Russell resumed his seat as Mayor.