Mayor Marble resumed his seat as Mayor.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the Board take the
same action in regard to Officer Owens when he had made application to the Board for reinstatement and had waived
his rights to the office of Chief of Police.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Commissioners Cor-
radetti passing his vote.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried that the Board return to
Fred Rehn the sum of $100.00 held as a surety bond as Mr. Rehn had made application to the Board for return of
said sum due to the fact he was closing his business as an electrical contractor and leaving the City.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the City allow
the sum of $15.30 to the Apache Cafe to cover cost of meals furnished the Junior Police Officers at a dinner
sponsored by the Police Dept.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that six slot
machine licenses to granted to each the Fremont Bar, The Recreation Center and Al's Bar.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that L and K Market
and Bernice Davis be granted retail beverage licenses.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause Seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that bids not
be call on the purchase of laboratory supplies for W.R.Smith, City Meil Inspector but that the purchasing clerk
purchase same through a supply house out side the City as said supplies could not be purchased here.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that bids be issued for
the purchase of a cooler for the City Library.		

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Com-
missioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 4th, 1939.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held on the 4th day of May, 1939 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow Luce, Krause and Corradetti and City Attorney
and Clerk.

Attorney Marshall appeared before the Board at the request of the V.F.W. and the American
Legion and their Auxiliaries and ask that the Board take action toward the sale of popies
as same was being sold in the City in the near future by an association the proceeds of such
sale to be used toward help for blind persons. The objection to this sale being that it occurs
near the time of the annual sales of the American Legion and the V.F.W. and the flowers being
quite similar in color and designed.

Mr Marshall and delegates from the various associations were informed that the Board would
this matter consideration later on in this meeting.

A.L. Riddle appeared before the Board in regard to securing a franchise for the operation
of sight seeing cars with guide service out side the 15 mile limit of the City. Mr Austin was
ask to give the Board a ruling on this matter in the near future.

Mr. Carter appeared before the Board in regard to securing a shooting gallery license for
operation in the 100 Block on No. 1st St. After considering the matter and being assured by
the Building Inspector that he would see that the building was not a hazard on motion of Com-
missioners Ronnow seconded by commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the Clerk
issue a license to Mr. Carter when the Building Inspector and the Chief of Police were sat-
isfied that the housing of the gallery was not a hazard.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting ave.
Noes, none.

Lenora Aguirre appeared before the Board and ask for a beverage license for 120 So.

First Street. Mrs Aguirre was informed that the application had been granted but she must use
same in the front of the building and not at the rear of the lot.

The Board upon being informed that J.L. Stewart was no longer being employed by the
Acme Plumbing Company as master plumber upon motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commis-
sioner Corradetti directed the Clerk to correct license No. 828 to read H. Brockmiller
Master plumber for the Acme Plumbing Co.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.