Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of the McQuay Supply Company for light bulbs
be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the necessary radio equipment for the new police
car be purchased. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Chief of Police be allowed to take membership
in the International Association of Chiefs of Police and that the city be billed for same.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Rubidoux be allowed the necessary funds
to take care of installation of doors at the airport tower. Said money to come from the
airport fund. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let on refrigerator for police department.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the meeting recess until December 29th, 1941 at the
hour of 4:00 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
DECEMBER 29, 1941

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held the 29th day of

December, 1941.

Meeting called to order by His Honor, C. R. Clark, Mayor pro tem, at the hour of
4:00 P.M., with the following members present: Commissioners Tinch and Smith.

Bids on a refrigerator for the police department from the following firms were

opened at this time.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the bids be held up and that additional bids be
asked for on an eight foot box. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith and Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids on truck for the water, sewer and light department were opened at this time.
The bid of the Clark County Wholesale Company was the only bid received.

Commissioner Smith moved that the bid of the Clark County Wholesale Company on
said truck for $938.08 be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



At this time Commissioner Rubidoux appeared.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the proposed 10% raise in salaries for the members
of the street department be adjusted to an even amount, as an example ($149.50 be changed
to $150.00.) Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor, the Mayor pro tem, voting aye. Noes, none.