On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that two slot machines licenses be granted to J.R. McMichael, and seven licenses to Silvagini
Estates Company.	

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board a letter from Miss Maude Frazier asking that the
Engineer make an inspection of the School building at 315 South Fourth Street in regard to fire
hazards.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Engineer, C.D. Baker make a thorough inspection of the school building, and that he

submit a report of his findings to the Board of	Commissioners and Miss Maude Frazier,	Supt. of

School for the City of Las Vegas.

Vote: Commissioners Krause, Marble Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that Engineer Baker make inspection on public buildings in Las Vegas in regard to all
hazards and report his findings to the Board at an early date.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and car-
ried that the City	Attorney draft a form letter	to be sent to property owners owning	property

abutting on sewer lines who had not connected with same, asking that these property owners at
once make preparations to connect with the sewer lines in the City.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the City purchase 300 pounds of grass seed from the Mesquite Grocery at 27¢ per pound. The
bid of the Mesquite Grocery being low bid of all those received.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

At this time the Board opened bids for the purchase of cot pads to be used at the City
Jail, and 5000 traffic tags for the Police Dept.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that these bids be given to City Engineer Baker for checking and the disposal of same in usual manner

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

At this time Mayor Arnett explained to the members of the Commission the stathis of the
routing of the T.W.A. Lines through the City of Las Vegas and the possible chance of this
Airline receiving permission to land at Boulder City. After some discussion on this matter,
and all present being of the mind that it was very necessary that the T.W A. not be given per-
mission to land in Boulder City it was on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner
Krause moved and carried that the Mayor, and City Attorney represent the City of Las Vegas at
a hearing to be held in Washington in the very near future in regard to the granting of this
permit. It was also moved that the City of Las Vegas bear the expense of this trip

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Thursday the 30th day of September, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 30th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 30th day of September, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry, City Attorney and Clerk

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

Minutes of meetings of September 27th and 30th read and corrected.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that all slot machine and gambling license application presented to the Board at this time by
the Clerk be granted.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that the following beverage and liquor licenses be granted:

Boulder Club Inc. and Valmar D. Prince retail tavern licenses,
G. Lopez, sealed package liquor, $50.00 per quarter.

R.D.Gard, and E.G.Robinson, retail beverage licenses,

Vote was commissioners Krause, Marble, and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

none.