The application of M.D. Bingham to operate a station wagon (6)passengers) over a given
route in the City of Las Vegas was considered at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
 that the application be handed the Commissioner of Streets, Mr. Ronnow and the commissioner
of the Police Dept. Mr. Krause for investigation and report to the Board before same would be
granted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The application of the Northern Club for license to operate a "Football Forecast" came before
the Board for consideration and on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner
Corradetti it was moved that said application be denied.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor voting 

No.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a license for the operation of "a race horse keno game" be granted to the Frontier Club.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of anti-freeze to be used in equipment operated by the City were
opened at this time, and after consideration of the same on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded
by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that the bids opened at this time be rejected and
that the Clerk issue new calls for bids on antifreeze.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the report of the Municipal Judge for the month of October 1940 be accepted and filed. Fines
for the month of October being $257.00.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

A Committee from the Junior Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board in regard to
the City taking action on the licensing of motor propelled scooters and to request lights on the
same.

The Police Commissioner, Mr. Krause and City Attorney Austin were ask to investigate this
matter and report to the Board in the near future their findings.

The matter of the housing of the engineering equipment owned by the City was discussed at
this time and on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and
carried that the engineering equipment owned by the City be placed in the custody of the Supt.
of Streets until such time as the City might provide an office for a City Engineer.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The equipment consists of the following:

Leitz Transit #14022 with extra tripod
Leitz Wye Level #14147 with str. leg tripod
1 #5100 100ft. tape Lufkin
1 #4500 500 ft. steel tape Lufkin
1 #444 B Level Rod.

The business of approving the Western Air Express Airport Lease was considered at this time
thereupon the following Preambles and Resolution were introduced and passed:

WHEREAS The City of Las Vegas Clark County Nevada, is desirous of acquiring, operating and
maintaining a municipal airport, and

WHEREAS, the Western Air Express Corporation, now owns, and operates and maintains a commercial
 airport about nine miles east of the City of Las Vegas, known as and called the Las Vegas
Airport of Western Air Express Corporation, which is now being used by all commercial planes owned
and operated by said Western Air	Express Corporation on all	its flights	through	said City of Las

Vegas and is also now being used	by Transcontinental &	Western Air, Inc; on its	regular run	from

San Francisco, California, to Phoenix, Arizona, and is also being used by the United States govern-
ment planes when occasion requires them to stop at Las Vegas, as well as by all privately owned
planes desiring to land at Las Vegas, and is the only operating airport in the immediate vicinity
of said City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS the said City of Las Vegas desires to acquire title to said airport and improve the
same with the aid of Federal funds so as to bring said airport up to an airport of the Third Class,
or better, as classified by the Civil Aeronautics Board of the United States, and

WHEREAS representatives of said Western Air Express Corporation and of said City of Las
Vegas, have unofficially agreed upon the terms of transfer which are that the said Western Air
Express Corporation shall convey said airport with its improvements and appurtenances and the administration
 building and its furnishings unto the city of Las Vegas in consideration of the im-
provement of said airport by said city, and its use by	said	Western Air	Express	Corporation	for

a period of thirty years without	rent to said city for	such	use by said	Western	Air Express 

	Corporation, and

WHEREAS the terms of such transfer and the terms of such use of said airport by said
Western Air Express Corporation have been reduced to writing and are expressed by the attached
"LEASE" and "ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS",