OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 4th, 1939

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 4th day of October, 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and City Clerk

Absent City Attorney Austin.

Minutes of recessed regular meeting of September 16th read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that warrants and payroll demands Nos 229 to 237 Inclusive be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk
sign same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

Mr Cragin appeared before the Board and ask that the Mayor be directed to write him a letter
to the effect that the City of Las Vegas was releasing the $5,000 bond of both the City Clerk and
Deputy City Clerk as the bonds of this office had been reduced to the sum of $1,000.00 at the last
session of the Nevada State Legislature. Mr. Cragin representing the company handling this bond.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the Mayor be authorized to write Mr. Cragin to the effect that the the City desired the
bond of the City Clerk and the Deputy City Clerk in the sum of $5,000.00 released.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that C.V.T.Gilbert, and W.A. Roberts be granted retail beverage licenses and Jake Ensley be granted
a sealed package liquor license for 220 No 1st St.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that all slot machine and gaming licenses applied for at this time be granted. These application
all being renewals.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

A letter from the V.F.W. asking permission to sponsor a carnival in the City of Las Vegas
October 24th to 28th was read to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that permission to granted to the V.F.W. to sponsor a carnival in the City Oct 24 to 28th,
on ground owned by the U.P.R.R. on No. Main Street near Ogden Street. That Mr. Botts, commander
of the Local Post No. 1753 be held responsible for sanitary conditions on the site during the time
the gound would be used for the carnival.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

A petition asking the Board of Commissioners "to act to provide a law that all citizens or
persons within the City of Las Vegas shall have full and equal enjoyment of accommodation advantages 

and privileges of all City property owned or leased by the City for public amusement,
namely, City Parks, Golf Course, Cemetery, swimming pool and library" was read to the Board at this
time, Same being signed by the N.A.A.C.P. A.M. Brantford Club and the Zion Mission Sunday School
and a number of persons of the Ethiopian race.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that this petition be handed to City Attorney Austin for consideration and study.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the report of the Municipal Judge A.G. Blad be accepted and filed. Fines for the month of
September being $349.00.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

The matter of allowing a neon sign to be erected on So 2nd St. in the residential district
on the dwelling of Mrs. Schulman, used as a beauty shop was considered. Additional petition being
presented to the Board asking that permission for the erection of this sign not be given.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner
Gilbert it was moved and carried that permission for the erection of this sign be denied.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell voting no.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the id of the McQuay Supply Company for materials to be used at the race track be accepted.
Amount $22.47.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of fuel oil of the winter 1939 and 1940 were opened and on motion of
Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that these bids be
handed Le Roy Whipple for checking and report. Same to be considered at the next meeting of the
Board.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.