Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter was read from Harrison S. Stocks regarding insulation of the War Memorial Building
and same was referred to Mr. Rubidoux.

The application of Van O. Eastlund for the position of city engineer was read and filed.

Mr. Rubidoux made a motion that Mr. Harlan J. Brown be hired as city engineer at a salary of

$150.00 per month with an allowance of $10.00 per month for gasoline. Motion seconded by Mr. Clark and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Nones, none.

A statement was presented from the General Construction Company for the balance due
on the Radio Control Tower at the airport. After some discussion the following committee
was appointed to meet with the army engineers regarding the platform around said building.
Commissioners Smith, Rubidoux and R. S. Norton, City building inspector.

Mr. Smith made a motion that the findings of said committee be reduced to writing
 and presented to the Board. Motion seconded by Mr. Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Smith made a motion that all boards or committees making reports of recommendations
make them in writing before submitting them to the City Council. Motion seconded by Mr.

Clark, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The application of Claude Denny for rental of the War Memorial Building was referred
to the proper committee.

A letter was read from Mrs C. P. Squires, a member of the Library Board, and same
was filed for future reference.

Mr. Clark made a motion that licenses for the following slot machines; viz:

Mills	5¢ single handle	467181

"	10¢	"	"	465869

"	25¢	"	"	465012

for the Log Cabin Bar be granted. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



A statement from A. L. Worswick for architectural services on the airport tower at McCarran Field, was presented to the Board and action was deferred
until the report from the Airport Advisory Board was received.

Mr. Clark made a motion that the Airport Advisory Board be given to September 16th,

1941 to make recommendations on the new airport depot. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter was read from Cragin & Pike pertaining to insurance rates on the War Memorial
Building and same was upon motion by Mr. Clark seconded by Mr. Tinch and carried by the
following vote, Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye, noes,
none, referred to Mr. Smith.



Mr. Clark made a motion that bids be let for two 12 ply tires and two tubes for the fire
truck. Said bids to be in by August 22nd. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith, and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Mr. Smith, Mr. Tinch and Mr. Norton, building inspector, were appointed to make
an investigation of possible fire hazard at the Marine Room of the Apache Hotel.

Mr. Clark made a motion that Mr. Tinch be allowed to purchase, as an emergency, the
necessary sirens to equip members of fire department. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch
and carried by the following vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Cards of thanks were read from the family of John L. Russell and from Mrs. Fred Hesse.

Upon recommendation of the City Clerk, Mr. Clark made a motion that the bid of the
 Office Equipment for a legal size file be accepted. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The bid of the Photo Shop for a camera for the police department was opened at this
time. Said bid being the only received.

Mr. Tinch made a motion that said bid be accepted. Motion seconded by Mr. Clark
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Clark made a motion that the claim of Luce and Goodfellow for $1415.95 be
 allowed. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids from the Review Journal and from Service Printers for inspection cards and record
cards for the Street department were opened at this time.

	Mr. Clark made a motion that the bid of the Review Journal be accepted. Motion seconded

by Mr. Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Clark made a motion that the city attorney draft the necessary amendments so that
the 1940 Universal Building Code can be adopted for the city of Las V gas. Motion seconded
by Mr. Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.