The business of having printed and published the audit of the City of Las Vegas covering
the years 1935-36-37 and first half of 1938 as same had been prepared by Mr. Wood was taken

under consideration.

After due consideration it was on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner
Krause moved and carried that the said audit not be published at this time, owing to the cost

of the printing of same.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the City spend the sum of $75.00 for repairs on the pump at the City Park.

	Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the Street Commissioner, Mr. Krause purchase or repair tires on the motor grader belonging
to the Street Department.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at t is time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Monday the 10th day of October, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

OCTOBER 10th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 10th day of October, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Corradetti, Krause and Luce City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

The enforcing of Ordinance No. 243, and the collection of licenses provided therein was
considered by the Board at this time and after due consideration the following Resolution was
introduced and passed:

WHEREAS IT appears to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, that a great
deal of public criticism is being directed against Ordinance No. 243, recently passed by said
Board of Commissioners, the same being a new ordinance establishing new schedules of licenses
on all business with the said City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS AS a result of the passage of said ordinance, a mass meeting of citizens of Las
Vegas was recently held in the Court Room in the Court House in said City of Las Vegas, pro-
testing against the terms of said ordinance, and setting up a Taxpayers League to study the
terms of said ordinance and the general financial condition of said City end the necessity for
such an ordinance, and

WHEREAS the said Board of Commissioners of said City has recently been invited to and did
meet with a committee from the Chamber of Commerce, the Junior Chamber of Commerce and the said
Taxpayers League, to adopt ways and means of meeting the demands of protest against said or-
dinance, and

WHEREAS at said last named meeting which was held at the Marine Room in the Apache Hotel
building on Friday evening, October 7th, the general financial condition of said City was
freely discussed and the necessity for the passage of said ordinance was explained, and whereas
at said meeting said Board of Commissioners, acting as individuals, did convincingly state to
said meeting that said Board had at no time any desire to place any further burden upon any
business within said City than was actually necessary to carry on the affairs of said City and
did explain to said meeting that if it was the wish of a majority of the taxpayers of the City
that the police department or any other department be cut in two or otherwise deduced to a
point where salaries could be paid out of funds now on hand and those to come in from present
known sources, that the Board would gladly do so, and did also state that said Board would be
glad to receive the assistance of said committees on any modification or amendment to said or-
dinance that would meet with the approval of the general public, and

WHEREAS it was proposed at said meeting that if the said City of Las V gas would with-
hold the enforcement of said ordinance until such time as said committee could work out a sat-
isfactory revision of said ordinance, that such committee would proceed at once to such work,
the thought being that said committees did represent the feeling of the general public expressed
in criticism of the terms of said ordinance, and that the said Board of Commissioners of said
City would do everything in its power to assist in the completion of said work, and

WHEREAS to give time for the completion of said work it was proposed that the said City
of Las Vegas withhold enforcement of said ordinance until November 15th, 1938, and whereas the
individual members of said Board of City Commissioners did express the wish to comply with such
request,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, that said City of Las Vegas do not demand the enforcement of the terms of
said Ordinance No. 243 until the 15th day of November, A.D. 1938, and that until such date
the said City do not require the payment of any license fees under said ordinance and that until
such date it do not require the payment of any penalty for failure to make payments accord-
ing to the terms of said ordinance, and