OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 26th, 1941

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada held on the 26th day of May, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Krause Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of May 17th, May 20th and 22nd read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that two slot machine licenses be granted to Stanley Buzan one for operation at the El Patio Hotel
and one at the MacDonald Hotel.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the city of Las Vegas pay the sum of $204.14 to Robert Griffith for unimproved gound. Said
ground described as follows:

The South Half (S½) of the Southwest Quarter (SW¼) of Section Twenty-eight (28), and
the West Half (W½) of the Northeast quarter (NE¼) of Section Twenty-nine (29), Township
Nineteen (19) South, Range Sixty-two (62) East, M.D.B. & M.

This ground to be used for airport purposes, sold to the City at actual cost by the seller.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert Corradetti and His Honor Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.



A copy of a letter was read to the Board from Robt. Griffith where in Mr. Griffith had written to the
United States Engineer Office in Los Angeles, California inregard to land to be used for runways
at the las Vegas Municipal Airport and Military Air Base at las Vegas. On Motion of Commissioner
Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that the letter be filed for
future reference.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.

Noes, none.

Mr. Griffith appeared before the Board in regard to having construction work started on the
radio tower at the Las Vegas Airport so that same might be ready for use at the time the army
moved into its quarters at the site.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was roved and
carried that Mr. Griffith contact the Architect, A.L. Worswick and the C.A.A. and and proceed
the the construction of the tower. If necessary for Mr. Griffith to call at the United States
Engineer Office in LoS Angeles, and that the expenses of the trip be paid by the City of Las Vegas.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, one.

The Clerk at this time presented to the Board the written resignation of A. Corradetti,

Finance Commissioner of the City in which Mr. Corradetti ask that his resignation be accepted at

once.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried

that the resignation of Commissioner Corradetti be accepted at this time.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that Howell C. Garrison be appointed to fill the unexpired term of Mr. Corradetti, resigned. Said
term ending June 1st, 1943.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow and Gilbert and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon Mr. Garrison qualified by taking the Official Oath of Office, and presenting his
bond for $1,000.00 approved by the Chairman of the Board of Clark County Commissioners.

The resignation of Commissioner Gilbert was presented to the Board and on motion of Commis-
sioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Garrison it was moved and carried that the resignation of
Commissioner Gilbert be accepted, Same effective at once.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Garrison, and Gilbert and Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Garrison it was moved and carried
that M.C.Tinch be appointed to fill the vacancy on the Board caused by the resignation of Com-
missioner Gilbert. Said term expiring June 1st, 1941.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Garrison and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

There upon Mr. Tinch qualified by taking the official oath of office and presenting his bond
in the sum of $1,000.00 approved by the Chairman of the Board of Clark County Commissioners.

At this time Mayor Krause declared the office of City Health office vacant. Said office
having teen held by Dr. F.W. York. No appointment was made to fill said vacancy at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Tinch seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that
Commissioner Garrison be appointed Mayor Pro Tem.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Tinch and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner Garrison
passing his vote.

Mayor Krause presented his written resignation to the Board at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Tinch it was moved and carried
that Mayor Pro Tem Garrison be seated as Mayor.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Tinch and Garrison and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.