An Ordinance to amend Section 2, as amended, and Section 16, as amended, Of Ordinance No. 203
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance regulating, the distribution and control of in-
toxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages; regulating places where and under what conditions
said intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages may be kept, sold, given away or otherwise
distributed; providing for permits and licenses; providing penalties for the violation of this
ordinance; and repealing all ordinance and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," and repeal-
ing all ordinance ar parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance," was read to the Board
for a first time and adopted by the following vote, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti
 and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, hone.

he Clerk was directed to have this ordinance, Known as Ordinance No. 249, published in
the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, for two consecutive weeks, that is to say once each week.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Gilbert
seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until Wednesday
the 21st day of February, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Wednesday the 21st day of February 1940 at 7:30 P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
FEBRUARY 21, 1940

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 21st, day of February 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present: Mayor John L. Russell, Commissioners Joe S. Ronnow, Herb Krause and Al Corradetti.
City Attorney Harry H. Austin and Deputy City Clerk Le Roy Whipple.

Absent: Commissioner C. V. T. Gilbert and City Clerk Mrs. Viola Burns.

The Minutes of a meeting of February 16th, 1940 were read and approved as read.

A certified copy of resolution enacted by the Post # 8. American Legion, Department of
Nevada and being a part of the minutes of the Las Vegas Post # 8. American Legion, Department
of Nevada enacted on February 20th, 1940 was read as follows:

RESOLUTION

It was moved by Walter Bates and Seconded by Andy Rafael that the Post Commander and Finance
Officer of Post # 8 American Legion Department of Nevada, be authorized to enter into a contract
with the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the transfer of the War Memorial Building at Las Vegas,
Nevada, together with furnishings and equipment according to the terms and conditions of that
certain resolution and submitted to the said American Legion Post on February 20th, 1940, with
the understanding that said contract shall provide that said Legion Post shall have exclusive
control and sole use of the upstairs portion of the said War Memorial Building so long as said
Legion Post shall be active and continue to function as a Post of the American Legion.

The aforesaid Resolution being unanimously adopted.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

M. C. TINCH, being first duly sworn, upon oath, deposes and says: That he
is the duly elected and acting Commander of the aforesaid Post # 8 American Legion, Department
of Nevada; That on the 20th, day of February 1940, at the regular meeting of the aforesaid post,
being duly called to consider the transfer of the War Memorial Building to the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada; that affiant duly certifies, that the aforesaid resolution was unanimously adopted by
the members of the said Legion present.

M. C. TINCH.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st, day
of February 1940

Fred S. Alward.

Notary Public in and for the County
of Clark, State of Nevada.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow and Seconded by Commissioner Krause the afore mentioned
resolution, was ordered recorded on the minutes and adopted.

Roll call was as follows: Commissioners, Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye., Noes None.

At this time the Purchase Agreement with the Las Vegas Post # 8. American Legion, Department
of Nevada, for the transfer of the War Memorial Building with equipment and furnishings was
brought before the Board for discussion. Thereupon Commissioner Ronnow offered for adoption the following
resolution.

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, that the purchase
agreement with Las Vegas Post # 8. American Legion, Department of Nevada covering the transfer of
the War Memorial Building and purchase thereof together with the equipment and furnishings as
presented at this meeting, in conformity with the resolution adopted by this Board at its meeting

of February 16th, 1940 with the additional words (Exclusive,) and (Sole Rights) appearing in
paragraph # 4. of said agreement, be adopted, and entered into together with the letter of
escrow instructions attached thereto and that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby
authorized to executed said agreement on behalf of said City and to attach the corporate seal of
the City thereto when said Post of American legion # 8. Department of Nevada has named its agent
to pass upon the genuineness of each bond, and the amount of interest due thereon in said letter of

Escrow instructions.