Mr. W. J. Rhoades, Superintendent of Streets appeared before the board in regards to
the water situation in the Woodlawn Park Addition. The well in that district and water mains
being in a bad condition and that such water flowing thru the water mains was breaking thru
the old pipes and flooding the surrounding property. It could not be learned as to just whom
the well and system belonged to in order to get repairs done to the system. Motion was made
by Commissioner Krause and seconded by Commissioner Luce that the city attorney be authorized
to contact the State Engineer and ascertain as to was the rightful owner of the well in the
said district. Vote being Commissioners, Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the
Mayor H.P. Marble voting aye, Noes None.

Mr. Rhoades also at this time stated that Mr. A.P. Rubidoux would like to proceed with
curb and gutter at his property on South Tenth Street between Fremont and Carson Streets but
asked that the City Provide a surveyor to give him the necessary grades in order to make
such improvements. On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was
moved to authorize the Street Commissioner to have the survey made and that the original plat
or drawing of such survey to be made be placed on file with the City Clerk and that in the
future all such original drawings of any surveys made, must be left on file with the City Clerk
at all times before any such claim is payed for such work or services performed.

Vote on the foregoing being Commissioners, Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye, Noes None. At this time the Board recessed temporarily to meet with the

Clark County Commissioners in establishing the tax rate to be allowed the City for this years Budget then resumed its meeting

Mr. Corradetti at this time made mention of the necessity of having authority at the
police station to act in emergency whenever unforeseen circumstances arise in accident or
emergency cases, that they be allowed to have access to such medical advise or facilities as
becomes necessary to meet the situation and taking care of such person that might be involved
It was suggested that Mr. Corradetti be authorized to contact the County Commissioners in order
to see if some solution could be worked out with that board in meeting such situations.

Bids on Automobile tires for the Police Department were then next opened and presented
to the board for action. Bids being received from the following: Jim Cashman, Tower Service
Station, Jas. H. Down, General Auto Parts, Clark and De Vinney, and A. G. Grant. In as much
as sufficient information was lacking on some of the bids as to the name and make of such
tires bid on the bids were referred to the Police Commissioner and Purchasing Clerk for securing
further information.

Bids on Paint for painting the Street Barns and materials for repairs to the roofs of the
Scout Cabins in the park, also bids for stuccoing the grand stand were then opened and presented
to the board to act on. after going over the bids it was suggested that all bids be referred 

to the Street Commissioner and Purchasing Clerk for abstracting and referring to the
board at their next meeting.

A petition signed by residents owning property on north Seventh and Mesquite streets and
vicinity against the operation of a carpenter shop by one, C.W. Jorgensen at 401 N. 7th, Street
was next presented to the Board. After some discussion it was moved by Commissioner Luce and
seconded by commissioner Ronnow that the City Attorney write Mr. C.W. Jorgensen to be present
at the next meeting of the board to discuss said petition. Vote being Commissioners Ronnow,

Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor H.P. Marble voting Aye, Noes None.

There being no further business before the board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday March 30th, 1939 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

No quorum present March 30th, 1939 therefore no meeting was held.

OMIT	-	OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF

MISS COPY	LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 4th, 1939.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas Clark County, Nevada held on the 4th day of April, 1939 at the hour of seven 

o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and City Attorney
and Clerk.

A.J. Drews caretaker and Golf Pro at the Municipal Golf Course appeared before the Board
and ask that the City provide a small salary for his work at the Golf Course as the green
fees were not sufficient to cover the amount of work involved at the gourse.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that the City pay Mr. Drews the sum of $50.00 per month effective April 1st, 1939
for his work at the Golf Course, this to be paid in excess of the green fees.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause, Luce and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Robert Woodruff, holder of the lease at the Mermaid Pool appeared before the Board in re-
gard to the securing of the lease of the gound from Samuel Shaw Jr. on which the pool is
situated

The above minutes of April 4, 1939 not to be read as copy was miss read._________