Commissioner Clark moved that vouchers 602 to 609 inclusive be allowed and the
Mayor and city clerk be empowered to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the city attorney be instructed to file a disclaimer
in the action to quiet title in the case entitled Frank C. Splane and Lawrence G. McNeil
vs. The City of Las Vegas now pending in the District Court. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Upon recommendation of the Planning Commission, Commissioner Tinch moved that the
Petition of the Janss Investment Corporation requesting that an order be made to vacate
the west 125 feet of the alley in Block 6 of Hawkins Addition running east and west between



Sixth and Seventh Streets, and that said alley be restricted to pedestrian use only be granted and,

Further; that notice of such vacating be published in a local newspaper for one publication
as provided by law. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of C. W. Lane for a taxi stand at
117 North 2nd Street be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of the Tanner Motor Company for
a taxi stand at 6th & Fremont, on the west side of 6th street be granted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark,

Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Tanner Motor Company for a license
for a taxi stand at 2nd and Fremont at the entrance of the Apache Hotel be laid over.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that A. L. Riddle be granted a taxi license for the
location on north 6th at the side entrance of the El Cortez Hotel. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Tinch, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids on a transformer were opened from the following firms. Westinghouse Electric
Company, General Electric Supply, Standard Wholesale Co., McQuay Supply Company and
Line Material Company.

The Report of the Planning Commission of their meeting held December 3rd, 1941
was read and ordered filed.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas,
Establishing a Residence District, Industrial and Commercial District, within the said
City of Las Vegas; defining such Districts; Declaring it Unlawful to erect, establish,
maintain or operate certain factories, works or establishments within said residence districts
and said commercial districts, regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation
and rebuilding of certain works or establishments in said districts; providing penalties for
the violation of said ordinance, and repealing ordinances in conflict herewith" was read to
the Board for the first time. Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of said Ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.