The Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published once a week for two consecutive
weeks in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 10th, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 10th day of February 1939 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Luce and Krause, City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent Commissioners Ronnow and Corradetti.

This being annual Boy Scout Week the following Scouts were present and assisted in the
transaction of business brought before the Board.

Present Bill Gustin, acting Mayor, Jerry Farrel acting Street Commissioner, Henry Bennett
acting Water Sewer and Light Commissioner, Aaron Berry- acting City Attorney and Leonard Helmick
acting City Clerk.

Roll call by the acting City Clerk.

The Clerk presented the Board with a letter from the State Engineer asking that the City
file for the use of water from a well on property owned by the said City.

	The letter was handed City Attorney Austin with instructions to ascertain the exact location 

of the well and report to the Board at the next meeting.

Commissioner Luce brought to the attention of the Board the necessity of trimming trees.

Upon motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the City allow the sum of §50.00 for the trimming of trees that interfered with the lights
and the danger to life.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Street Supt. Rhods appeared before the Board in regard to the paying of the cost of running
sidewalk returns. Question had arisen in a number of minds as to whether the property owner or
the City should pay the cost of same. This matter was taken under consideration.

Mayor Marble then discussed with the Boy Scouts the ways and means by which the City
secures its revenue for operating purposes and also explained the system of bookkeeping used
and the method of purchasing materials and supplies through a Purchasing Clerk.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time it was on motion of Commis-
sioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause moved and carried that the meeting recess until
Thursday the 16th day of February, 1939 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed to meet February 16th 1939 at the hour of three o'clock

P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY NEVADA
FEBRUARY 16th, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 16th day of
February 1939 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and City Attorney
and Clerk

This being the time set by ordinance of the passage of claims for salaries it was on motion
of Commissioners Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce, moved and carried that claims Nos 100 to
107 inclusive be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

An ordinance entitled: "An Ordinance to amend Section 8 and Section 12, of Ordinance No. 165
of the	City of as Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to	prohibit	gaming and operation of slot machines

in the	City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a	license therefor, regulating the same,	fixing

the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, repealing Ordinances Nos. 77,82,88, 103,
and 115, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for a second
time and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Ted Konduris appeared before the Board and ask	that the	tavern license had by him for	124

so 1st	St. be transferred to Mrs Andrew Petitti. Mr.	Konduris	presented this application on	pro-

per from. Chief of Police Mackey having placed this approval of said transfer thereon.