At this time 12.20 noon it appearing to the Board that there was still considerable work to
be disposed of by the unanimous vote of the Board it was agreed to recess until the hour of one
o'clock P.M. this date.

Reconvening at I P.M.

Commissioner Corradetti presented the Board with a letter from the Fire Department asking that
the resusitator be forwarded to the factory for repair. The cost of same being approximately $100.00
On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the resusitator be forwarded to the factory for repair.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The tabulated bids of	the Clerk	for the purchase of a	motor mower were considered	and	on motion

of Commissioner Gilbert seconded	by	Commissioner Krause it was moved	and carried that	the	City

purchase from the Standard Whle. Supply Company one Worthington gang mower costing $650.00 and
one OverGreens Mower $235.00.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of playground equipment were opened and on motion of Commissioner Gil-
bert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the bids opened be referred to
the Purchasing Clerk for tabulation.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The paying of the judgement in the Schultz case came before the Board for consideration and
on motion of Commissioner	Ronnow	seconded by Commissioner	Corradetti	it was moved that	the	City	pay

the judgement sent by the	courts	in	the case Fred Schultz	vs City of	Las V gas in the	sum	of

$4743.00 and court costs of $73.85. These sums to be paid out of the tax levy when same had been
received from the County of Clark.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner Krause presented to the Board the fact that the Sewer Dept was in need of additional 

sewer cleaning equipment and ask permission to purchase same. On motion of Commissioner Gilbert
seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the City purchase flexible power
drive and cost of same being $260.00.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.



A petition from a number of property owners on No 1st St. between Fremont Street and Ogden
Street petitioning the Board to widen and improve with ornamental lights said block was presented
to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that this petition be filed with the Clerk until such time as the Board was in position to
consider proceeding with the proposed improvement.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Gilbert
seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until Tues-
day the 19th day of December, 1939 at the hour of nine o'clock A.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Tuesday the 19th day of December at the hour of nine A.M

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

DECEMBER 19th, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 19th day of December, 1939 at the hour of nine A.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Ronnow and Gilbert and City Attorney Harry Austin.

No business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Corradetti sec-
onded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until Thursday the
21st day of December 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Thursday the 21st day of December at the hour of 7:30 P.M