petition was exhibited to each of such signers prior to their respective signatures being
affixed thereto, the said petition consisting of several papers, and each signer having
added to his signature his place of residence, and each of such papers bearing the sworn
statement of one of the signers thereof that the statements therein made are true to the
best of his or her knowledge and belief, and good cause appearing therefor, and pursuant to
the provisions and requirements of the law in that behalf provided,

BE IT RESOLVED AND IT IS HEREBY ORDERED: That the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, the
same being "An Act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas in Clark County, and defining the
boundaries and to authorize the establishing of a city government therefor and other matters
relating thereto" approved March 16, 1911, as amended, be and the same hereby is amended in
the following respects:-

1.	Section 4 of Chapter I of the said Act and Charter is amended to read as follows:-

SECTION 4. Additional Powers. The said city shall have and be vested with all the
right, powers, property, and things of every kind now belonging to the town of Las Vegas,
and may have and use a common seal and the same alter at pleasure, and may purchase, receive,
hold and enjoy real and personal property within or without the city, and sell, convey and
dispose of the same for the common benefit; and may purchase, receive, hold and acquire,
manage and enjoy, operate and maintain, municipal water works and municipal power plants,
electrical or otherwise, or other, or other public utility; and may determine and declare
what are public uses, for the purpose of the city, and when the necessity arises or exists
of condemning lands or property therefore; and what are the lands and property necessary to
condemn; and may receive bequests, devises, gifts and donations of all kinds of property,
within or without the city, in fee simple or in trust, for charitable or other purposes,
and do any, every and all acts and things whatsoever, necessary to carry out the purposes
of such bequests, devises, gifts, and donations, with full power to manage, sell, lease or
otherwise dispose of the same in accordance with the terms of such bequest, devise, gift,
donation or trust.

2.	Section 2 of Chapter II of the said Act and Charter is amended to read as follows:-

SECTION 2. Officers - Elective. The elective officers of the city of Las Vegas shall
consist of a mayor, four commissioners and a city clerk.

3.	Section 3 of Chapter II of the said Act and Charter is amended to read as follows:-

SECTION 3. Officers, Election of - Election. When and How Held - Commissioners Classes
of Ballot. After said election as above provided for and on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday in May, 1913, and on the same day every two years thereafter, until the year 1927,
there shall be elected at large by the qualified voters of the city of Las Vegas at a gener-
al election to be held for that purpose a mayor and four commissioners. Said officers; until
the year 1927, shall hold office for a period of two years and until their successors shall
have been elected and qualified. On the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1927,
and on the same day every four years thereafter, there shall be elected at large by the quali-
fied voters of said city at a general election to be held for that purpose a mayor, who shall
be elected and hold office for a period of four years and until his successor shall have been
elected and qualified. On the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1927, there shall
be elected at large by the qualified voters of said city at a general election to be held for
that purpose four commissioners, two of whom shall each be designated by an odd number and
two of whom shall be designated by an even number. The two commissioners designated by the
odd numbers and so elected shall be elected and hold office for a period of four years and
until their successors are elected and qualified. The two commissioners designated by the
even numbers and so elected shall be elected and hold office for a period of two years and until their success-
ors are elected and qualified. On the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1929, and
on the same day every two years thereafter there shall be elected at large by the qualified
voters of said city, at a general election to be held for that purpose, two commissioners,
who shall be elected and hold office for a period of four years and until their successors
are elected and qualified. At said general election to be held in May, 1929, and on the same
day every four years thereafter, there shall be elected at large by the qualified voters of
said city a city clerk, who shall be elected and hold office for a period of four years and
until his successor is elected and qualified. The board of commissioners of said city shall,
not later than the first Thursday in March of each year in which said general city election
is to be held, order such general election and shall determine the places in said city for
holding the same, and the mayor of said city shall forthwith make proclamation thereof, and
otherwise said election and the manner of holding the same shall be governed by the laws of
the State of Nevada governing general election, so far as the same may be applicable there-
to, and in the event there should be any failure on the part of the general laws of the
state to provide for some features of said city election then the board of commissioners
of said city shall have the power to provide for such deficiency. The four commissioners
to be elected, as provided for in this act, shall be voted for and elected separately and
shall be separately designated on the official ballot by numbering the same "1", "2", "3"
and "4". Each person desiring to become a candidate for commissioner as aforesaid shall
be printed on the official ballot beneath the number he selected, and each voter shall vote
for only one candidate in each class.

4.	Section 5 of Chapter II of the said Act and Charter is amended to read as follows:-

SECTION 5. Officers, Appointive and Ex-officio - Enumeration of Compensation on -

Bonds. The county treasurer and ex-officio tax receiver of the County of
Clark shall be ex-officio treasurer and tax receiver of the city of Las Vegas; the county
assessor of the county of Clark shall be ex-officio assessor of the city of Las Vegas; the
city clerk of the city of Las Vegas shall be ex-officio license collector of said city, and
the board of commissioners shall allow each of said officers such deputies, assistants or
clerks as in their judgment the volume of work in each of said offices may require; such
deputies, assistants or clerks to receive such compensation as may be fixed, from time to
time, by said board of city commissioners. The county treasurer and ex-officio tax re-
ceiver of the county of Clark as ex-officio treasurer and tax receiver of the city of Las
Vegas, and county assessor of the county of Clark as ex-officio assessor of the city of
Las Vegas, shall each receive such compensation, not to exceed one hundred dollars ($100.)
a month each, as may be fixed from time to time by the said board of city commissioners.

The county treasurer and county assessor of the county of Clark shall be liable on their
official bonds for the faithful discharge of the duties imposed on them by this act. The
city clerk shall be required to furnish a good and sufficient bond in an amount specified