At this time the Board considered the purchase of printed forms for requisitions, affidavits
of monthly sales and plumbing inspection books and upon motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by
Commissioner Krause it was moved that the low bidder on the total amount be given the bid pro-
vided the quality of paper compared favorably with the other bids.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The limiting of the number of taverns operated in the City was next considered and the
following Resolution was introduced:

WHEREAS there are at present sixteen licenses issued and outstanding for the conduct of
Taverns in the City of Las Vegas pursuant to Section 16 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las
Vegas, as amended by Section 5 of Ordinance No. 228 of the City of Las V gas, and

WHEREAS the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is of the opinion that sixteen
Taverns are sufficient for said City and that it is for the public good and for the public wel-
fare that no new Tavern licenses be issued and granted in said City,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that until the further order of this Board it be and is
hereby established as the policy of this Board that no further Tavern licenses be granted to any
firm, person or corporation, in addition to the sixteen licenses now issued and outstanding,
and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this Resolution is intended to and does supercede a previous
resolution of this Board limiting said tavern licenses to the number seventeen.

Mayor Marble moved the adoption of the above and foregoing resolution, and the same was
seconded by Commissioner Ronnow, and upon being put to vote was duly passes and adopted by the
following vote:

Voting Aye, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor H.P. Marble.
Commissioners Corradetti passed his vote. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Monday the 17th day of October, 1938 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 17th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 17th day of October 1938 at the hour of one
thirty o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Luce and Krause, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Corradetti and Ronnow.

A discussion as to the time when payment should be made to the Board of Commissioners
of 10% of the net receipts from the Race Meet to be sponsored by the Junior Chamber of Com-
merce was entered into by the Board at this time. Some were of the opinion that the 10% was to
be paid the City at the close of the meet in December, 1938 and others that the ten per cent
was to be paid the City at the close of annual Rodeo, which would also be sponsored by the
Junior Chamber of Commerce. The following motion was introduced by Commissioner Luce and sec-
onded by Commissioner Krause in order that the time payment of the 10% might be definitely
established:

Motion that the money be held by the Junior Chamber of Commerce until the close of the
annual spring Rodeo and at that time the 10% of the net proceed be turned to the City.

Vote Commissioners Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that all warrants presented to the Board at this time namely Nos. 19 to 28 inclusive be
allowed.

Vote Commissioners Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Thursday the 20th day of October 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.