No. 200 of the city of Las Vegas, entitled 'An ordinance regulating the sale of milk,
cream and other dairy products in the city of Las Vegas; defining standards for the milk
and cream; providing for the issuance of permits for the sale of milk and cream and the
revocation of such permits; authorizing the city commissioners to promulgate rules and
regulations for the enforcement of this ordinance; providing a penalty for the violation
thereof; and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith', and re-
pealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance" was read for
the second time and adopted by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner Smith.

Before the passage of the foregoing ordinance a letter signed by Ryland Taylor, counsel

for certain producers in Moapa Valley protesting said proposed ordinance and a letter



from the Counsel of Defense of Nevada in support of said ordinance were read. Several representatives
both for and against said ordinance appeared before the Board.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance defining garbage and rubbish in the City of Las
Vegas and matters related thereto; and providing penalties for the violation of the
provisions thereof; and repealing Ordinance 216 and ordinances and parts of ordinances
in conflict therewith", was read to the Board for the second time and adopted by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Following the recommendations of the Electrical Journeymen, Electric contractors
and Utilities the following persons were appointed to act on the electrical examining Board
as provided for in the Electrical Ordinance. E. D. Wilson, Harvey Luce, R. J. Reitz, and
Commissioners Tinch and Clark.

The written resignation of C. J. Liles from the airport advisory board was read to
the Board. Commissioner Tinch moved that said resignation be accepted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved to repeal the resolution heretofore passed setting up the
Airport Advisory Board be rescinded. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye, Noes, none.

A letter signed by Ford L. Gilbert requesting space for Red Cross Quarters in the west
wing of the War Memorial Building was read. Rev. Gilbert appeared before the Board in
support of said request, and was assured by the Board of their cooperation, however, no
definite promise was given for a location.

Bid. on typewriter was opened at this time, from the following firm. El Portal
Electric $102.06.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the 14" Underwood Typewriter from Albright's
now in use in the Clerk's office be purchased for $102.06, said purchase to be confirmed
as of February 3rd. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Ottini, assistant right-of-way engineer, for the State, appeared before the Board
in regard to the widening of Charleston Boulevard and Fremont Street.

A communication from the City Planning Commission recommending the widening of
Charleston Boulevard and Fremont Street was read.

Commissioner Clark moved that we accept the "Notice of Intersection Closing". Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.