On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
forms Nos. 710 and 710A of the W.P.A. be forwarded Mr. Claude Mackey, Local Mgr. W.P.A. Same
covering payroll roll of $479.25 and materials $1218.20

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that a letter this date received from C.D. Baker City Engineer be given Commissioner Ronnow as
Finance Commissioner for consideration and recommendation. In said letter Mr. Baker made an offer
of his services to the City on new construction work in connection with the W.P.A. and P.W.A.
Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Friday the 6th day of May, 1938, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

	MAY 6th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 9th day of May, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow City Attorney and Clerk. Mr. Luce
newly appointed Commissioner of Water Sewer and Light was also in attendance, but not able to
participate in the transaction of any business at this meeting as his bond for office had not
arrived so that he was able to take the official oath. Absent Commissioner Perry.

An Ordinance Entitled "An Ordinance to amend Sections 1,2,3,4,13 and 15 of Ordinance Number
161 of the City of Las Vegas entitled, "An ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical
installation, fixture and connection work and providing for the examination of persons engaged
in the same, creating a Board of Examination, regulating the sale of electrical fixtures and
appliances, providing for the licensing of electrical workers, providing additional regulations
for electrical installation, fixing a penalty for the violation thereof, and repealing ordinance
Number 166 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, 'An ordinance regulating the business of doing
electrical installation, fixture and connection work, and providing for the examination of persons
engaged in the same and creating an examination Board, and providing a penalty for the violation
thereof,' and repealing ordinance number 128 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, 'An Ordinance
providing for the licensing of electrical workers in the City of Las Vegas, and fixing a penalty

for the violation	thereof', and repealing all ordinances	and parts	of ordinances in conflict	with

the provisions of this ordinance," approved July 14th, 1930, and amended September 17th, 1931
by Ordinance No. 174, and repealing Section 5 of said Ordinance Number 161 as amended," was read
to the Board for a first time and adopted by the following vote, Commissioners Krause and
Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor H.P. Marble voting aye. Noes, none. Absent Commissioner Perry.

The Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published in he Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal, A daily newspaper printed and published in Las Vegas for a period of once a week for
two consecutive weeks. This ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 237.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted to Chas. D. Flesher at Chic's Grill.	

Vote Commissioner Krause and Ronnow and His Honor	the Mayor	voting aye. Noes, none.

Minutes of all meetings from April 15th to April 30th read and approved as read.

Commissioner Krause was appointed to the office of Street Commissioner by Mayor Marble.

The Commissioner of Police and Fire was declared vacant.

Report of Municipal Budge for April, 1938 approved by the Mayor.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the Board recessed and ad-
journed until Tuesday the 10th day of May, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.