Commissioner Clark moved that the claim of the Southern Nevada Telephone Company
for $60.85 be paid. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of H. D. Adams for $199.82 for work done
on the police cars since October, 1941 be paid. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The matter of hiring Martin Eaton as assistant city engineer at a salary of $200
per month was tabled until the 16th, of February, 1942.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that this meeting adjourn until February 16th, 1942
at the hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
FEBRUARY 16, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of

February, 1942. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Howell C. Garrison, at the hour

of 7:30 P.M., with the following members present: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark,

Rubidoux, Paul Ralli, City Attorney, Helen Scott, Clerk, LeRoy Whipple purchasing agent.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Commissioner Clark moved that vouchers 638 to 642 inclusive be allowed. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that plot No. 2, of the Huntridge Sub-division be

accepted subject to approval of the Planning Board and the city engineer. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark,

Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Passed: Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Smith moved that the bid of the Pacific Desk Company for furniture for

the New City Offices in the sum of $4,074.17 to cover items listed with the exception

of items 11, 12, 17 and 22 as designated, that item 22 be purchased from



Carlisle's of Reno for $84.70. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following

vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of C. W. Jorgenson on the west wing of the War
Memorial Building and the vault therein be accepted in the amount of $21,367.96. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids from the following firms on a switch board for the new city hall were opened
at this time.

General Electric Company $482.00
Incandescent Lamp Co	482.00

Trumball Electric Co	482.00

Westinghouse Electric Co.	638.40

Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of the General Electric Supply Company for a
switch board for the city hall in the sum of $482.00 be accepted. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark,
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.