Mr. Crandall, Mr. Parks and Mr. Goerman of the Las Vegas Golf Club appeared before the
Board in regird to the securing of W.P.A. aid on the construction of a golf course at the
site of the fish hatchery. No definite action was taken at this time but the representative
of the Golf Club were informed that that City would cooperate in every way possible with the
W.P.A. and the Club in securing aid for the construction of the new course.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Thursday the 9th day of November 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 9th, 1937

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 9th day of
December, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow, City Attorney and
Clerk.

Mrs. Betsy O'Reiley Gamble appeared before the Board and ask that the City allow her bill
with Doctor Mildren for care arising from injuries from a fall on city sidewalk in the 200
block on South 4th Street, and also that she be reimbursed for clothing ruined at that time.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the bill of Dr. Mildren in the sum of $27.00 be allowed also the sum of $45.50 be allowed
for ruined clothing of Mrs. Gamble. (This action was taken after the advice of the City Attorney
had been given, stating that the City had within its power the right to allow these claims)

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Claude Mackey, Local Mgr. of the W.P.A. appeared before the Board in regard to new pro-
jects to be sponsored by the City.

A delegation from the Junior Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board in regard at
this time asking that the City apply for W.P.A. aid on a nine hole golf course at the site of
the "fish hatchery".

Mayor Arnett stated at this time that the City was not able to spend the sum of $4,000.00
toward this project but would sponsor the same if the Junior Chamber of Commerce would file
with the City Clerk a letter from the Las Vegas Golf Club pledging the raising of $4,000.00
to the City to be used as the sponsor's portion of said project and also that Mr. Ed. W. Clark
would underwrite the cost of a power line to said project in a sum of approximately $2,500.00,
with this in mind on motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved
and carried that the Mayor and Clerk be direct to sign the proper application to the Federal
Government for W.P.A. aid on a municipal golf course.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City Make application to the W.P.A. for aid on the construction of sidewalks in the
City of Las Vegas

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the City	made application	for W.P.A. aid on	the fencing and improving of the City Park.	

Vote was of Commissioner Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting

aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the City	make application	to the W.P.A. for	aid	in graveling of streets in the City.

Vote was	Commissioners Krause, Marble Perry	and	Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting	aye.

Noes, none.

Mr. Claude Mackey then handed to the Mayor and Clerk for their signatures proper appli-
cations to the Federal Government for W.P.A. help on the construction of these projects which

were at once signed and handed to Mr. Mackey for forwarding to the proper officials of the WPA

Mr. Bryan L. Bunker appeared before the Board at this time asking for financial aid toward
the "Community White Christmas Tree Fund".

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the City give the sum of $100.00 from the Publicity Fund toward the White Christmas Tree
Fund as same had been handled the last several years.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the application of the Interstate transit
Lines for permission to park busses on the Northside of Fremont Street at Main and to a point
fifty feet east of said corner.