OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 23rd, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 23rd day of February 1939 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, and Krause, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Corradetti.

Dr. Sivgard Neilson appeared before the Board with a written report of the conditions of
the various cafes, markets and fountains in the City of Las Vegas. Copies of the report were
handed to the Commissioners and a copy placed on file with the City Clerk.

Mr. Neilson was informed that the Board would give hie report serious consideration and
would, in the very near future adopt a sanitary ordinance covering the care of food in the
various places of business in the City.

The Clerk read to the Board a letter from the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce asking that the
City give what assistance it could toward the installation of a radio broadcast station and en-
closed a copy of a letter to parties interested in installing a system in the City.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
City Attorney Austin write to the parties interested in establishing a radio broadcast station in
the City and in form them that the City would give any assistance it could toward the securing
of the necessary government permits for the installing of said station.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce Seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the check held by the City Clerk from Don P. McGarvie in the amount of $100.00 be returned
to Mr. McGarvie on the grounds that Mr. McGarvie had not been issued a masterplumbers license for
the year 1939, which said check was to cover. Mr. Mc Garvie no longer being in the plumbing
business.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The business of all plumbers in the City of Las Vegas having on file with the Clerk a
cash bond of $100.00, as same is required by ordinance was discussed by the Board at this time,
and upon motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried

that the City attorney write all master plumbers in the City that they must file with the Clerk
a cash bond in the sum of $100.00, before any more permits would be issued.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting eye. Noes, none.

The business of allowing houses moved from one location to another in the City was con-
sidered and Mr. Rhoads, Building Inspector informed the Board that Peter Pansey wanted permission
to move a house from 2nd & Carson Streets to the 700 block on South Fourth. After some discussion
it was on motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce moved and carried that
permission be granted Mr. Pansey to move said house at such time ashe placed on file with the
Clerk a cash bond in the sum of $1,000.00 assuring the said City that the house would be properly
reconstructed at the new site.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

There upon on motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved
and carried that the license for a tavern had by Mr. Konduris be transferred to Mrs Andrew
Petitti.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The business of subscribing to the "Publicity Fund" of the Las V gas Nevada Chamber of
Commerce was brought before the Board at this time and after some discussion on the matter on
motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that the
City from its Publicity fund donate the sum of $250.00 to the Las V gas Nevada Chamber of Commerce 

and that said sum be divided $125.00 to the World's Fair Publicity Fund of the Chamber
of Commerce and $125.00 to the V.F.W. for its publicity purposes.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner Luce of the Water, Sewer and Light Department informed that Board that his
department was in need of cable to be used in sewer work and ask for the purchase of $50.00
worth of cable.

On motion of Commissioner Luce Seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City purchase $50.00 worth of cable for the Sewer Department.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time it was on motion of Commissioner
Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow moved and carried that this meeting recess until Thursday
the 23rd day of February, 1939 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Thursday the 23rd day of February, 1939 att he hour
of seven o'clock P.M.