Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendation of Mr. Blackman be approved and the fore-
going Resolution be adopted. The city clerk instructed to publish said Resolution in the
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal for one issue. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux.
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter was read from Mr. Petrie, Planning Engineer, regarding the hiring of a Land Use
Consultant. Same was ordered filed.

An Ordinance entitled "An Emergency Ordinance prescribing requirements for the construction of
defense housing" was presented to the Board for the first time and upon motion by Commissioner
Smith, seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Same was adopted and
was passed as an emergency ordinance upon the second reading as of this date by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the quarterly payment of the city to the Clark County Health
Department be paid and that the rent be deduced provided the claim is properly executed. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to repeal Section 14, part 4, and to amend Section 14
Part 5, and Section 17 and Section 36 and to add Section 26a to ordinance 170 entitled '

An Ordinance of the city of Las Vegas regulating travel and traffic upon the public streets;
establishing a central traffic district and providing a penalty for the breach of any of the
rules or regulations regarding traffic in this ordinance provided: and repealing ordinances
Number 66, 68, 69, 86, 90, 94, 120, 124, 127, 141, and 143 of the city of Las Vegas, and all
Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith," was read to the Board for the first
time. Commissioner Clark moved that said Ordinance be adopted and known as Ordinance No.

274. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The city clerk was directed to have said Ordinance published in the Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the city of Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada, for a period of two weeks.

The transcript of the hearing on Dave Stearns was filed and the Commissioners were requested
to study same.

An Ordinance entitled "An ordinance regulating the parking of Vehicles on private premises"
was read to the Board for the first time. Commissioner Tinch moved that said ordinance 275
be adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. The city clerk
was instructed to publish said Ordinance in the Las Vegas Age for two weeks.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance Prohibiting Prostitution, in the City of Las Vegas and
within one Mile Outside of the City Limits Thereof; to Suppress, Prohibit, Regulate and

Prescribe the Location of Houses of Prostitution, and places resorted to for the purpose
of prostitution, and other matters relating thereto; and repealing all ordinances and parts
of ordinances in conflict therewith" was read to the Board for the first time. Commissioner
Clark moved the adoption of said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 276. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor, Mayor Garrison voting aye. Noes, Commissioners Smith and Tinch.

The city clerk was directed to publish said foregoing ordinance in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly
newspaper printed and published in the city of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada for a period
of two weeks.

Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for 100 cot pads for the jail. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the Chief of Police be allowed to split his vacation. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that equipment for the purpose of modernizing the police department
radio as recommended by Jim Harford, Police Radio Technician, at a cost of not to exceed
$350. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Passed, Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of Woitishek Lumber Company of $115.44 for concrete
and cement used for the new jail be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner
Clark. Passed: Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Don Borax be promoted to the office of Assistant Chief
of Police with a $5.00 a month raise. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that he be allowed to purchase 10,000 gallons of road oil as per
previous agreement with the Union Oil Company. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that he be authorized to purchase a dump truck for the garbage
department, and to hire 1 blademan at $170 per month, 1 truck driver at $160 per month, 2 laborers
at $5.50 per day and 1 driver for the garbage truck at $170 per month, 2 laborers on garbage
truck at $5.50 per day; further, that M. E. Leavitt, Street Superintendent, be raised from
$203.50 to $250 per month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Smith moved that deputies in the city clerk's office be granted 11 working days vacation
each year with pay, after having served a six months period. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.