Commissioner Smith moved that A.W Blackman, Auditor of and for the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, be instructed and hereby is, authorized to sign and record purchase orders
under said ruling by number, to-wit: P-100. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux stated that he had withdrawn his bid for the plaster work



on the War Memorial Building, from Hampton Brothers, General Contractors.

Commissioner Clark moved that the meeting adjourn until January 16, 1942 at the
hour of 7:30 P. M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
JANUARY 16, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of January,

1942.

Meeting called to order by His Honor, Howell C. Garrison, at the hour of 7:45 P. M., with
the following members present: Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux, City Attorney, Paul
Ralli and city clerk, Helen Scott.

Absent: Commissioner Smith.

District Attorney, Roland H. Wiley, appeared before the Board and requested
until the 20th to make a report on the constitutionality of two proposed ordinances on
anti-picketing and boycotting.

Minutes of the meetings of January 5th, 8th and 12th were read and approved as

read.

Commissioner Clark moved that vouchers 624 to 629 inclusive be allowed and the
Mayor and city clerk be authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

His Honor appointed Commissioner Clark to sign said vouchers in the absence of
Commissioner Smith.

A. W. Blackman made a statement relating to requisitions.

Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Tinch appoint someone in the police



department to oversee the buying in the police kitchen. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A. W. Blackman presented an Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance defining garbage and
Rubbish; and regulating the collection and disposal of garbage and rubbish in the city of
Las Vegas and matters related thereto; and providing penalties for the violation of the
provisions thereof; and repealing ordinance 216 and ordinances and parts of ordinances
in conflict herewith," Commissioner Rubidoux moved that said ordinance to be known as
Ordinance 267 be adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
 vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids from the following firms on 2 motorcycles for the police department were

opened at this time:

Hap Alzina, San Francisco and Harley Davison through their local dealer, Earl

West.