Commissioner Smith moved that the demand in the amount of $1700.35 for installation
of 38 fire hydrants be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor, the mayor pro tem
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting recess until January 3rd, 1942 at the
hour of 10:00 A. M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor, the mayor pro tem voting aye.

Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
JANUARY 3, 1942

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
3rd day of January, 1942.

Meeting called to order by His Honor, C. R. Clark, Mayor Pro Tem, at the
hour of 10:00 A. M., with the following members present: Commissioners Smith and Tinch.
City Clerk, Helen Scott.

His Honor appointed Commissioner Tinch to Sign the vouchers in the absence
of Commissioner Rubidoux.

Commission Smith moved that warrants 616 to 619 inclusive be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch and His Honor, the
Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

A. W. Blackman, city auditor, made a report on the 1942 budget.

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting adjourn until Monday, January
5th, 1942, at the hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch and His Honor the Mayor pro tem voting
aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
JANUARY 5, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 5th day of January,
1942.

Meeting called to order by His Honor, Howell C. Garrison, with the following members
present: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux. City Clerk, Helen Scott, City
Attorney, Paul Ralli.

Minutes of the meetings of December 16th and 29th, 1941 and January 3, 1942 were read
and approved as read.

Bids from the following firms on a refrigerator for the jail were opened at this time:
Nevada Electric Company, Gelber Electric Company, Sear Roebuck, Luce & Goodfellow and
McQuay Supply Company.

Commissioner Smith read a written opinion regarding a certain bill rendered by the Office
Equipment Company under date of December 30, 1941, and recommended that the bill in its