

Commissioner Clark moved that when the 1942 Budget covering anticipated revenues and expenditures is
printed that it be broken down to individual items. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city budget for the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1942
be approved as prepared and read before the Board this date. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that he be granted permission to open bids on
garbage trucks when received. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the

following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Mayor Garrison appointed Commissioners Smith, Clark and Rubidoux as a committee
to work with the Las Vegas Land and Water Company in an effort to work out a practical

way of conserving water.

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting adjourn until March 4, 1942 at the hour
of 7:30 P. M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING.

TO: HELEN SCOTT, CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is
hereby called to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office,
Saturday the 21st day of February, 1942, at the hour of 10:00 A. M., on said day to consider
the following:

1. To declare for public use and for the construction and proper maintenance and
operation of public highway that certain property in Westside described as
follows:

'beginning at a concrete monument which is the E¼ corner Section 28, thence
north 016.W along east line of the NE¼ of Section 28; thence S 0°15'E 2621.6'
to the east and west centerline of Section 28, thence S 89°, 06'E along said
centerline 80.0' to the point of beginning continuing 4.81 acres more or less,
the same being a portion of the NE¼ of Section 28, Township 20 S, Rance 61,

M.D.B & M.

_______HOWELL C. GARRISON__________

Mayor

To: Howell C. Garrison, Mayor, and to Pat Clark, M. C. Tinch, Arthur F. Smith, Sr., and A.

P. Rubidoux, Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada:

You and each of you will please take notice: That pursuant to a call this day
issued by the Mayor of the city of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the
City Clerk's office Saturday, the 21st day of February, 1942, at the hour of 10:00 A. M.,
on said day to consider and act upon the following business:

1. To declare for public use and for the construction and proper maintenance and
operation of public highway that certain property in Westside described as follows:

'beginning at a concrete monument which is the E¼ corner section 28, thence north
016.W along East line of the NE¼ of Section 28; thence S °0 15'E 2621.6' to the east and west
centerline of Section 28, thence S 89°, 06'E alond said centerline 80.0' to the point
of beginning continuing 4.81 acres more or less, the same being a portion of the NE¼ of Section
28, Township 20 S, Range 61E, M.D.B & M.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

_______Helen Scott_____

City Clerk.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE.

WE, the undersigned Mayor and

