OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
NOVEMBER 12, 1940

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held on the 12th, day of November 1940 at the hour of ten o'
clock A.M.

Present Mayor John L. Russell, Commissioners C.V. T. Gilbert, Herb Krause, A. Corradetti
City Attorney Harry H. Austin and Deputy City Clerk Le Roy Whipple.

Absent: Commissioner Joe S. Ronnow and City Clerk Viola Burns.

At this time the following proclamation was introduced and read aloud before the board.

PROCLAMATION of The City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the acquisition of a
MUNICIPAL AIR PORT.

WHEREAS The City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, is desirous of acquiring, oper-
ating and maintaining a municipal airport, and

WHEREAS Western Air express Corporation now owns, operates and maintains a commercial
air port about nine miles northeast of the city of Las Vegas, known as and called the Las
Vegas Airport of Western Air Express Corporation, which is now being used by all commercial
planes owned and operated by said Western Air Express Corporation on all its flights through
said city of Las Vegas, and is also being used by Transcontinental & Western Air Express Inc
on its regular run from San Francisco, California, to Phoenix, Arizona, and is also being
used by the United States government planes when occasion requires them to stop at Las Vegas
as well as by all privately owned planes desiring to land at Las Vegas, and is the only
operating airport in the immediate vicinity of said city of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS the said city of Las Vegas desires to acquire title to said airport and improve
the same with the aid of Federal funds so as to bring said airport up to an airport of the
Third Class, or better, as classified by the Civil Aeronautics Board of the United States,
and,

WHEREAS, representatives of said Western Air Express Corporation and of said city of
Las Vegas have agreed upon the terms of transfer which are that said Western Air Express
Corporation shall convey said airport with its improvements and appurtenances and the
administration building and its furnishings unto said city of Las Vegas in consideration of
the improvement of said airport by said city, and its use by said Western Air Express Corporation
 for a period of thirty years without rent to said city for such use by said Western Air
Express Corporation, and,

WHEREAS the land so to be conveyed to said City of Las Vegas by said Western Air Ex -
press Corporation, is described as follows:

The East half (E½); and the East half of the
Southwest Quarter (E½ of SW¼) of Section three
(3); the West half of the Northwest Quarter
(W½ of N W¼); the Northeast Quarter of the North-
west Quarter (NE¼ of NW¼); and the Northwest
Quarter of the Southwest Quarter (NW¼ of SW¼);
of Section Two (2); all in township Twenty (20)

South, Range Sixty-two (62) East, M.D.B. & M.;
also the Southeast QUARTER (SE¼) of Section
Thirty-four (34): and the West half of the
Southwest Quarter (W½ of SW¼); and the Northeast
Quarter of the Southwest Quarter (NW¼ of SW¼) of
Section Thirty-five (35); all in Township Nineteen
(19) South, Range Sixty-two (62) East, M.D.B. & M.;
together with all and singular the tenements,
hereditaments and appurtenances, and thereunto belong-
ing or in anywise appertaining, and,

WHEREAS the personal property so to be conveyed to said City of Las Vegas by Said
Western Air Express Corporation, and which is now situate upon said land, is described as
follows:

1 Deep Well Deming Water Pump.

1 Westinghouse Motor 220V 2 HP with belt and pulley
1 Water tower house 15 x 15 feet
1 General Electric rotating beacon 24"

1 Green rotating beacon 12" lite
1 Office building 12' x 17' for CAA
1 Garage 27' x 24'

1 Administration building
1 Kohler house 14' x 24'

1 Kohler plant complete 5 KVA 220 V
1 Jeffries Auto transformer for field lites
1 General Electric transformer 220 V to 120 V 2 KW
1 Fuse panel for entire field service
1 Switch box 110 V single phase
1 Switch box 220V three phase
1 Lighted wind sock complete on garage
1 Lighted wind sock on field, Approximately 17296
feet parkway cable in field lite service.

52 Field lite cones complete with lites
3 Extra cones
1 Water tank 5000 gal.

1 LACO Model 12NL Oil burner furnace complete with 500 Gallon
tank,	and

WHEREAS the said City of Las Vegas contemplates improving said airport with the aid of
Federal funds so as to bring the rating of said airport up to an airport of the Third, Class,
as classified by the Civil Aeronautics Board of the United States, and in pursuance of said
contemplated improvements, intends to make application to the Civil Aeronautics Board of
the United States for an allocation of Federal funds in the sum of Three Hundred Thousand
dollars or thereabouts, and.