REPORT POWER BOARD

April 4, 1938

To the Honorable City Commissioners
City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

On March 8th your Honorable Body turned over to the newly organized Power Board
the question of construction or acquisition of a Municipal Power System for the City of Las
Vegas, requesting a decision or recommendation within a few days in order to meet the require-
ments of the Public Works Administration which had previously approved the project for loan
and grant.

Several meetings have been had during which the proposal has been thoroughly discussed. It is
the opinion of the undersigned members of the Board that the time allotted is insufficient
to permit a thorough investigation, and that the data now at hand is not adequate for final
recommendation.

We feel, also, that this Board, given proper support, and sufficient time can render an import-
ant service, but do not feel it should be called upon to decide in such a short time a quest-
ion that has been before your Honorable Body for several months.

There has been some consideration given to rate schedules now in effect in Las Vegas. This
subject should also have exhaustive study, before the City can establish a Municipal Power
System and we are of the opinion that relief should be secured now where it is apparent
schedules are too high.

If it is the desire of your Honorable Board that we proceed further with a view to making a
full and complete determination of this matter, we beg leave to request that you authorize
the retention of a consulting engineer, satisfactory both with the City Commission and the
Power Board., in order that we may be intelligently advised in the task of gathering the
necessary data.

It is the opinion of this Board that we have gone as far as we can without this being done.

Respectfully submitted,

The Las Vegas Power Board

W.E. Ferron	Bryan L. Bunker

W.H. Pike	John Miller.

Vote on the incorporating of the above report in the minutes of this meeting was Com-
missioners Krause, Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

Following the filing of the report with the City a general discussion by the members of
the Power Board and the Board of Commissioners ensued. No definite action was taken toward
the hiring of a consulting engineer.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Saturday the 9th day of April at the hour of 2:30 o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 9th 1938.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 9th day of April, 1938 at the hour of 2:30 o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and City Attorney and Clerk
Absent Mayor Arnett and Commissioner Perry.

At this time the Board considered the matter of purchasing addition land from J.W. Woodard
adjoining the land owned by the City and used as a gravel plant. By securing this additional
ground from Mr. Woodard the City would be able to maintain a permanent road from the U.S.
Highway 91 to the other property owned by the City.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the City Attorney prepare the necessary contract for the purchase of land from Mr. Woodard and
that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same for the City.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the Board Rescind the motion introduced and passed at a recessed meeting held on the 8th day of
April, 1938, wherein the Board granted four (4) slot machine licenses to the Bank Club.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes. none.