

Mr. Tinch made a motion that Frank Wait be retained as Chief of Police. Motion seconded
by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Commissioners Smith and Clark passed their vote. Motion carried.

Mr. Ray Lundy appeared before the Board at this time regarding a private landing
field for local planes. In view of the fact that a resolution had heretofore been adopted

and that Mr. Lundy had nothing definite in mind the Mayor directed him to prepare his request
in writing and present it to the Board at some future meeting.

Mr. McCants appeared before the Board at this time with a complaint regarding the
police department.

Bids for garbage truck were opened at this time. There being three bids from the
following firms? James Downs, James Cashman and Clark County Wholesale Co.

Mr. Clark moved that two trucks be purchased from the Clark County Wholesale Co
for the sum of $7,895.39, this figure being exclusive of the sum of $600 as turn in value
received on the old equipment. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote? Smith, Tinch, Clark,

Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Smith made a motion that the report of the Municipal Judge be approved. Seconded
by Mr. Clark. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Bids from the Standard Wholesale Supply Co and McQuay Supply Co., for a pump for
the cemetery were opened. Upon motion of Mr. Clark seconded by Mr. Smith and carried it was
moved and carried that the bid of Standard Wholesale Supply co., be accepted said bid being in the sum of
$681.16. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Bids for a cooler for the fire house from the following firms were opened at this
time. Walter Bates, McQuay Supply Co., National Ice and Western Heating and Ventilating Co.

Mr. Tinch. moved that the bid of Western Heating and Ventilating Co in the sum of $40 be accepted.
Motion seconded by Mr. Smith. Vote, Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Under Ordinance 250, and on the recommendation of the City Attorney, Mr. Tinch made
a motion that the application for a permit to sell or deliver for sale, milk and cream, and
milk products, within the city limits of the city of Las Vegas by the Hi-Land Dairyman's
Association, a Farmers cooperative be denied and that the Clark be instructed to write a

letter to said firm as to the ruling of the Board. Motion seconded by Mr. Clark. Vote.
Commissioners, Smith, Clark, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Motion carried.

Mr. Clark made a motion that bids be let for a ladder for the electrical department
said bids to be asked for July 16th. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith Vote? Commissioners,

Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried. 

Mr. Smith made a motion that a committee be appointed to meet with representatives of
the Magnesium Company to arrange a suitable rental for the use of the War Memorial Building

as an office until satisfactory quarters may be obtained. Seconded by Mr. Tinch. Vote; Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

The Mayor appointed the following committee? Charles R. Clark, A. P. Rubidoux and
A. R. Smith, Sr.

The	Clerk read a	letter	from Louis Mack regarding	an extension of time for payment of

liquor	license. Mr. Smith	made a	motion that the matter be referred to the City Attorney for

an opinion. Seconded by Mr. Clark. Vote? Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

A letter was read from Cragin and Pike regarding insurance on the War Memorial Building.

Mr. Rubidoux made a motion that Cragin & Pike be instructed to have a representative of their
company go to the War Memorial Building and make an estimate of how much insurance should be

carried and report back to the Board. Seconded by Mr. Clark. Vote? Commissioners, Smith,

Tinch,	Clark,	Rubidoux and	His Honor the Mayor voting aye.	Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr.	Smith made a	motion	that any insurance taken out in the future be distributed

here among the local firms. Motion seconded by Mr. Clark. Vote. Commissioners, Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.



The Clerk read letters from the Building and Construction Trades Council, and the Las Vegas
Builders Exchange Ass'n, said let t being in support of a proposed Electrical Ordinance.

Said Proposed electrical ordinance being in the hands of the Clerk. Mr. Smith made a motion
that said proposed electrical ordinance be referred to the City Attorney. Seconded by Mr. Clark.

Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, None.

Motion carried.

The Clerk read a letter from the Parent Teachers Association endorsing the proposed
Health Unit for Las Vegas.

A Letter was read from the Deputy Superintendent of Schools, Harvey Dondero,

requesting space for the office of Deputy State Superintendent of Schools either in the
War Memorial Building or in the present city Hall.



Mr. Smith made a motion that the Clerk write a letter to Mr. Dondero stating that
their request would be given consideration. Seconded by Mr. Clark. Vote: Commissioners,

Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.



A letter was read from E. A. Clark regarding the oiling of a certain street and upon
motion by Mr. Clark seconded by Mr. Smith the motion was carried that the matter be referred
to the Street Commissioner. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.



The application of Jerry C. Masek for the position of City Auditor was read to the Board. Upon motion of Mr.

Clark seconded by Mr. Tinch and carried that the application be turned over to the Finance Commissioner
Mr. Smith. Vote:; Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.	Motion carried.