On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
 that C.D. Baker prepare the proper certification covering "Waterright No. 8173" thus
preserving for city use water from a well at the fish hatchery. Same to be transmitted to
the State Engineer accompanied by a check for $1.00 covering cost of same.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow Perry and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The following telegram was received and read to the Board;:

San Francisco, California

January 24 1938

City of Las Vegas,

Care Viola Burns City Clerk

Re Nevada 1029-p-d injunction against PWA dissolved today. PWA now free to make payments.
Please refer our letter January fifth and expedite reply.

K.A. Godwin acting Regional Director.

There upon the Board entered into a discussion as to the way the City should enter the
municipal power business. After some discussion on the matter and on the recommendation of
the Mayor it was moved and carried that the City Attorney be directed to draft a form of
ordinance setting up a "Power Board" and that same should be presented to the Board at an
early meeting for consideration.

Said motion was introduced by Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause and the
vote was as follows: Commissioners Krause, Ronnow, Marble and Perry and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and
carried that the Mayor L.L. Arnett sign and the City Attorney forward to K.A. Godwin
revised applications for an advance grant to be used for the construction or purchase of
a municipal power plant and system for the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Monday the 31st day of January 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 31st, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the
31st day of January, 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow City Attorney and City Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that the
following Resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, that no
tavern licenses, other than the seventeen (17) tavern licenses now issued and in good standing in the City of
Las Vegas, be granted to any person, firm or corporation, except that in the event that any one or more of
the present seventeen (17) tavern licenses may be terminated, other licenses may be issued so long as the
total number of tavern licenses at any one time, shall not exceed the present number, which is seventeen
(17), and provided further that nothing herein contained shall prevent the granting of a tavern license to any
hotel to be erected in said City of Las Vegas, of the size end type of the two leading hotels, namely the
Apache Hotel and the Sal Sagev Hotel.

Commissioner Marble proposed the adoption of the above and foregoing Resolution, and its adoption was
seconded by Commissioner Ronnow. there upon the same was put to vote and was duly carried and adopted by
the following vote this 31 day of January A.D., 1938

Commissioners Krause, Ronnow, Marble Perry and Mayor Arnett voting aye. Voting no, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the
Mayor, L.L. Arnett, sign an agreement with the Associated Oil Co; for purchase of gasoline requirements for
the year 1938 at the price of $.1594 per gallon per partial city requirements.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Lloyd S. Payne and Harry Hazard appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the City waiving
the license fee required of carnivals when said carnival would be sponsored by the Veterans of Foreign Wars.

No definite action was taken on this matter, but same was laid over for consideration and disposal at the
regular meeting of the Board to be held on the 4th day of February, 1938.

Mr. Ed Von Tobel appeared before the Board with Mr. J. Williams of the Williams Advertising Co; Mr.
Williams was anxious that the City provide for the erection of billboards on unimproved property. Mr. L.V.

King also appeared before the Board in regard to the regulations governing the erection of signs. After some
discussion on the matter it was agreed that C.D. Baker, City Engineer meet with the parties interested in
the erection of signs and that they draft a policy covering the erection of signs and present same to the
Board for consideration.