OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 28th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Clark County, Nevada, held on the 28th day of February 1938 at the hour of three o'clock
P.M. on said day.

Roll call showed the following present H.P. Marble Mayor Pro Tem, Commissioners Krause,
and Ronnow, City Attorney and Clerk. Commissioner Perry Arriving late.

Absent Mayor Arnett by leave.

Lena Testolin appeared before the Board in regard to the transfer of ownership for the
Mission Tavern. Application being had in writing and in proper form it was on Motion of Commis-
sioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause moved and carried that the Board of Commissioners
allow the transfer of license form L.L. Arnett to Lena Testolin, for the Mission Tavern.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that A.L. Drew City Electrician erect two additional street lamps in the City of Las Vegas be-
ing located at south Fifth and Gass Streets and So, Fifth and Hoover Streets.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City purchase a motor to be used on the cement mixer. Said motor to cost $57.50.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

The purchasing of "coverall suits by the City for use of men employed in the garbage 

disposal department was next brought before the Board for consideration. After due consideration
on the matter on Motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that when the "coverall on hand had been distributed to the employees of the garbage
disposal department that there would be not more "suits supplied by the City each employee
purchasing his own "suits".

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

H.J. Archibald appeared before the Board and ask that the City take immediate and definite
 action toward the removal of all billboards erected in the City of Las Vegas. Mr. Archi-
bald was informed by Mr. Marble, Mayor Pro Tem that the City was working on an ordinance
govering signs and bills boards and that action would be taken on the matter sometime in the
near future.

C.D. Baker presented to the Board for its consideration a draft of the form letter used
to be sent to persons having signs erected on City property.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Board of Commissioners approve the form of letter to be sent to sign owners and that
the same be forewarded at once.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow, and Perry and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes,
none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause the following Resol-
ution was introduced and passed:

RESOLVED, by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, that the United
states Community Improvement Appraisal of Relief Works Program in Las Vegas, Nevada, pre-
pared by City Engineer C.D. Baker pursuant to the order of the said Board, be and the same
is hereby adopted as expressing the sentiments of the Board with regard to the Federal Works
Program and its benefits to Las Vegas and this district.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow, Perry and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

	

Thereupon the Clerk was directed to forthwith forward to Claude Mackey, Local Mgr. of
W.P.A. four (4) copies of said report.

	Mr. K.A. Godwin, Regional Director of the P.W.A. from San Francisco appeared before the

Board at this time in regard to the progress of the proposed power plant and system for the
City of Las Vegas. Mr. Godwin was informed that no definite action could be taken until after
the adoption of the ordinance setting up a "Power Board" and the appointing of its members
which would be about March 9th. Mr. Godwin stressed the fact that immediate action should be
taken on this project or there was a possibility that the government might not be in position
to help with this project if action on same was delayed much longer.

No further business appearing before the Board the meeting adjourned.