OFFICE OF THE C TY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 11th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 11th ay of January 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Marble, Commissioners Krause and Perry and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett, Commissioner Ronnow and City Attorney.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a tavern license be granted to James Fare for 104 No. 1st St.

Vote Commissioners Krause	Perry	and Mayor Pro Tem Marble	voting	aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Krause it	was moved	and	carried

that the following be granted beverage licenses Jake Ensley, L and K Market and W.R.Van Eaton.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Perry and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that Sam Stearns be granted 5 slot machine licenses.

Vote Commissioner Krause and Perry and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

ON motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that the claim of the U.P.R.R in the sum of $147.69 for road oil be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Perry and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner	Perry	seconded by Commissioner	Krause	it	was moved	and	carried

that the City purchase from the	Eureka	 Fire Hose Company and L.M. Gosney	fire hose	and	other

needed supplies for the fire department. This bid being the best received.

Vote Commissioners Krause Perry and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and 

adjourned until Monday the 17th day of January 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

JANUARY 17th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 17th day of January 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Perry and Marble City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following beverage licenses be granted: Earl F. Noon, Frank Kernan, C.V.T. Gilbert,
and Vegas Sweet Shoppe. Granting of said licenses having been approved by the Chief of Police.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the license of Lenora Castillo be denied on the grounds that same had not been approved by

the Chief of Police. Said application being for the operation of a retail beverage business

in the alley in the one hundred block on south 1st St.

Vote Commissioners Krause, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting	aye.	Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a gambling license be granted to Chas. Reiff for the Bank Club 17 Fremont St;

Vote Commissioners Kraus and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Ray Cutright and N. Pahor appeared before the Board and ask that some action be taken toward
the removal of unattractive signs on south Fifth Street. Said signs being erected on vacant lots
and being both unsightly and obstructing the view. A	general discussion was	entered	into by all

present and no action was taken on the matter other than that the	Clerk be	directed	to write

Mr. Ham President of the City Planning Commission and ask that that Commission	take up	the	matter

with the Chamber of Commerce, the Junior Chamber of Commerce and Mesquite	Club	and see	if some

plan might be formulated wherey by the erection of signs might be controlled.

Mr. Van Eastland appeared before the Board at this time and protested the used of City owned
cars by city employees. Said cars being operated for the personal use of employees Mr. Eastland
reported.

Mayor Arnett ask that Mr. Eastland contact Attorney Austin and have prepared a written
statement as to the person or persons who were using City cars for their own benefits. Mr.
Eastland informed the Board that A.L. Drew was the person using said cars for his own benefit.
Mr. Baker was ask if he was aware of the fact that the city car was being used for Mr. Drews
personal gain and before answer could be had Mr. Eastland continued his report on the way city
employees drove city owned cars. However after Mr. Eastland left the room Mayor Arnett ask that
Mr. Baker check all city cars and ascertain how same were used after regular working hours and
if same were used at all.