On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the bid for purchase of a pump opened at this time be rejected and that other speci-
fication be drawn and that invitiations to bid he sent the Pomona Pump Go. the Byron-Jackson Co
and Ingersoll-Rand Co also Worthington Pump Co.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that
the report of Municipal Judge A.G.Blad for the month of March be accepted and filed. Fines collected
being $271.00

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Hoes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that
a retail beverage license be granted Roy P Squire and Phyllis Helm. These new applications being
approved by the Chief of Police Frank Wait.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that all slot machine and gambling licenses applied for at this time be granted. All applications
being in proper order and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His honor the Mayor voting aye/
Noes, none.

A letter from the State Board of Health and the Federal Health Board in San Francisco were
read to the Board wherein said Board ask permission to meet with the Board of City and County Commissioners
 Thursday the 10th day of April, 1941. Mayor Russell had written these parties that a meeting
April 10th would be most satisfactory with the Board of City commissioners.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that
the Board go on record approving the action of the Mayor and that a meeting on April 10th, 1941
meet with the approval of the Board of Commissioners

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner Ronnow brought to the attention of the Board of Commissioners the fact that green
fees from the Las Vegas Municipal Golf Course had not been received in the office of the Clerk and
there upon introduced the following motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, that LeRoy Whipple
Deputy City Clerk be instructed to call on Mr. DeCrane and Mr. Lowry and explain the action of the
Board of commissioners in regard to the collection of green fees and that the same be handed in at
the City Clerk's Office in the near future.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Gilbert
seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until Tuesday
the 8th day of April, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Tuesday the 8th day of April 1941 at the hour of
seven thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

April 8th, 1941.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board	of Commissioners of the	City	of	Las	Vegas

held on the 8th day of April, 1941 at the hour	of seven	thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow

Mr. A.L. Riddle appeared before the Board petitioning said Board for a taxi stand at the
Frontier Club.

Ho action was taken on this matter as the Board felt at this time no other spaces for taxi cabs
should be allowed on Fremont Street.

Dr. Park, Dr. Woodbury and Hr. Lowry appeared before the Board in regard to the green fees at
the Las Vegas Municipal Golf Course. Mr. Lowry	informed	the board that	he had in his	possession	a

sum of money covering green fees that the same	would be	given the City	Clerk at	once.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the hour of 9 A.M. Monday April 14th 1941 be the time set for the hearing of charges against
Mayor Russell as same were filed by Commissioner Ronnow.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell passing his vote.

On notion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that this meeting recess until Wednesday the 9th day of April at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Wednesday the 9th day of April, 1941 at 7:30 P.M.