BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED That with regard to any fees already paid to said City under the
terms of said ordinance or any fees in the future and prior to said fifteenth day of November,

1938, that may be voluntarily paid by any person, firm or corporation, and adjustment will be
by said City on the same to conform to the terms of the amended ordinance as finally adopted,
if the same be amended, which is to say that if any payment so made be greater than required
under the terms of said ordinance as so amended, a refund will be made by said City and if the
amount be less, an additional sum will be required, so as to make final payment of license
fee for the current quarterly period of October, November and December, 1938, in any given case
to conform to the terms of said ordinance as finally amended and adopted.

The adoption of the above and foregoing Resolution was moved by Commissioner Krause and
seconded by Commissioner Luce, and upon being put to vote was adopted and passed by the follow-
ing vote: Voting aye, Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and His Honor the Mayor H.P. Marble.

Voting no, none. Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

The members of the Recreation Board again appeared before the Board and ask that the City
Board see fit to finance the cost of operation of the Recreational Department. Mr. Bunker, Mrs.
McNamee and Mrs Burr of the P.T.A. spoke before the Board on this matter.

No definite action was taken but the Board assured that the City would do all it possibly
could toward maintaining the Recreational Department.

Mr. Kaltenborn of the Junior Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board and ask per-
mission to used the race track at the City Park for a race meet to be held on November 26-27
and December 3rd and 4th.

No action was taken upon this matter but Mr. Kaltenborn was assured that the track
might be used for a race meet.

Report of the Police Judge approved by the Mayor.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Thursday the 13th day of October, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF IAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 13th, 1938.

Minutes of a recessed	regular meeting of the Board	of	Commissioners of the	City of Las

Vegas held on the 13th day	of October, 1938 at the hour	of	seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and
City Clerk.

Mr. Clark, Mr. Kaltenborn and Mr. Courtright of the Junior Chamber of Commerce appeared be
fore the Board and ask for a definite answer as to the use of the Race Track at the City Park
for use on Nov. 26th and 27th and Dec. 3rd and 4th, 1938 for a race meet.

After a discussion on the matter it was on motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Com-
missioner Corradetti moved and carried that the Junior Chamber of Commerce be given the use
of the race track upon which to hold a race meet Nov. 26th and 27th, and Dec 3rd and 4th be
granted. That said organization bear the expense of putting the race track in suitable condit-
ion and all other expenses	incidental to the sponsoring	of	said event. That the	Organization

have charge of all concessions, and that at the close of said race meet to give	the City 10% of

the net proceed of said meet. Said money to be held by the City and used for further improvements
of the race track and bounds.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The granting of a gaming license to the Bank Club was considered at this time. Application
being in the hands of the Clerk for two card games and three devices and money to cover the
license of same accompanying the application.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner
Ronnow it was moved and carried that said application be denied on the grounds that there was
now in operation in the City five (5) gambling houses, that being the limit set by a Resolution
of the Board and at this time the Board did not see fit revoke said existing Resolution at this
time. It was also moved that the Clerk refund to the Bank Club the money accompanying said 

application.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner
Corradetti voting no.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that three slot machine licenses be granted to the L and K Market and to the White Spot Cafe.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the bid of the Shell Oil Company for fuel oil requirements for the City of Las Vegas for
the winter of 1938 and 1939 be accepted provided the quality compares favorably with the quality
of the other bids on oil, but at the rate of 7½¢ per gallon, Bid price.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.