Mr. Whittemore and Mr. Healey appeared before the Board in regard to the difficulty had
in securing public liability and personal property damage insurance for taxi operators These

gentleman were informed that the ordinance governing said policies was still in effect and
that operators of taxi cabs must do all in their power to secure the protection as same is re-
quired by City Ordinance.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that all slot machine and gaming licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
a retail beverage license be granted to Edward Tip Rowe and the UNION PACIFIC System.

Vote on the granting of said licenses was Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor pro
tem Marble voting aye. Noes. none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be directed to write the Colorado River Commission of Nevada and thank said Com-
mission for a report received covering the meetings of the Commission had in Los Angeles,
and Santa Fe New Mexico.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City of Las Vegas allow the sum of $50.00 toward the expense of E.F. Tandy while
attending the National Recreational Conference in Salt Lake City, Utah April 12-16, 1938.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor pro tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business coming before this meeting the meeting recessed and adjourned until
Thursday the 31st day of March, 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 31st, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Clark County, Nevada held on the 31st day of March, 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M

Roll call showed the following present H.P. Marble, Mayor Pro Tem, Commissioners Krause
and Ronnow, City Attorney and City Clerk

Absent Mayor Arnett and Commissioner Perry.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted to Mrs. Frances Swilley for operation at 3rd & Fremont
Streets. Application being approved by the Chief of Police David Mackey.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that all gaming and slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted. All applications
being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover same.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Hoes, none.

At this time the City Engineer C.D.Baker presented to the Board tabulation of bids and
his recommendation for the purchase of fencing to be used at the City Park. It was then on
motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause moved and carried that the City
purchase the necessary fencing from the Ed Von Tobel Lumber Company and that the City hire
and expert for the installation of said fence. Time of installation about 18 days.

Bote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 4th, 1938.

Minutes of aregular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada held	on the 4th day of April, 1938 at	the	hour	of	seven o'clock	P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett,	Commissioners Krause, Marble and	Ronnow, City Attorney and City	Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

All claims allowed as	per "Claims and Warrant Register" on	file	in	the office of	the Clerk.

Report of City Clerk	approved by the Mayor.

Minutes of meeting of March 30th read and approved.