OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 4th, 1937.

Minutes of a. regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 4th ay of November, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Marble, Commissioners Krause Perry and Ronnow City Attorney and City
Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett.

Report of City Clerk approved by Mr. Marble, mayor Pro Tem.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the Clerk.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Friday the 5th day of November 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Approved:

Mayor. Pro Tem.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

November 5th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 5th day of November 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause Marble and Ron-
now, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

The Board again entered into a discussion as to the financial standing of the City of Las
Vegas and ways and means of reducing the cost of operations for the balance of the year 1937.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the salaries of the Exofficio Assessor, Frank DeVinney and the ExOfficio Treasurer W.B.

Mundy be discontinued until the further order of the Hoard due to the fact that the budget for
salaries for these officers had already been over drawn. Same to be effective as of November
1st, 1937.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Austin, City Attorney brought to the attention of the Board the necessity of having
property owners tieing into the sewers where ever possible so as to eliminate the unsanitary con-
ditions existing in various subdivisions of the City.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the Police Department be instructed to notify all owners of dry toilets on property abutting
on City sewer lines to connect same with the sewer at once.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

None.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Monday the 8th day of November 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 8TH, 1937

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 8th day of November, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, and Marble,

City Attorney and Clerk

Absent Commissioners Perry and Ronnow.

At this time Mr. Raker City Engineer presented to the Board a report of his findings as to
hazards at the Las Vegas Grammar School. Said inspection had been made at the request of Miss
Maude Frazier, Supt. of Schools.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the report be accepted and filled with the Clerk and that a copy of said report be for-
warded to Miss Frazier.

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.