Page 6.

FORM FOR PUBLICATION AMENDED
CITY BUDGET 1941

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the Year Ending
December 31, 193--, as provided by Section 2, Chapter 44, Statutes of Nevada 1935.

ASSESSED VALUATION

The above is a true and correct statement of the estimated receipts and expenditures
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the current year as required by Section 2, Chapter 44,

Laws of Nevada 1935.

Attest: Helen Scott, City Clerk	(Signed) Howell C. Garrison, Mayor

Dated September 5, 1941.

Commissioner Smith was directed to make further investigation regarding burglary

insurance for the city clerk's office.

Commissioner Smith presented a report on the golf course Club House and same was filed.
Commissioner Smith made a motion to commence construction on Golf Course Club House as outlined
with authority to employ architect to draw up any necessary plans. Motion seconded by Commissioner
 Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioner Smith, Tinch, Clark,
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The bill of H. S. Deadrich for mileage heretofore presented was declared illegal, by
the city attorney, on the ground that it was not authorized by ordinance, nor set up in
the budget.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the application of Mrs. Josephine Ford for a
license to operate a portable skating rink be tabled for investigation. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark,
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark made a motion authorizing Commissioner Smith and A. W. Blackman
to investigate duplicators as bid on and to purchase macine most suitable to needs of the
city. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
 Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark made amotion that the meeting adjourn until September 16, 1941 at
the hour of 7:30 P.M., Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His honor voting aye. Noes, none.