Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Steven C. Matheson for $42 special duty for
the police department be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

A list of items necessary for the repair of the city library was presented and referred
to Commissioner Rubidoux.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the remodeling of the city library as requested by Mrs.
Bracken, member of the library board, be done; and bids let for a stove on the basis that the
old stove is to be taken in as a trade in. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter was read from Mr. Crossan, former golf pro, regarding additional salary due

Mrs. Crossan. Commissioner Tinch moved that Mrs. Crossan be paid five days salary from
the 1st of April to the 5th inclusive. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

A letter from the National Housing Agency regarding of the hooking up by a private party
to the sewer line adjacent to the Government owned houses was read and referred to Commissioner
Clark and the city attorney.



Commissioner Clark moved that Roy Vetchel be hired in place of Roy Strobel who
left the employe of the city on the 15th of May at a salary of $225 per month. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Discussion was had regarding the purchase of a caterpiller #12 grader from a party
in New Mexico for $6,000.00. Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Rubidoux be allowed
to purchase said grader provided thirty days time on payment be allowed. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

 

Commissioner Rubidoux stated that the three graders that he had previously been authorized to purchase
had not been completed because of inability to deliver.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Yes Nay be hired as a driver on the wet garbage truck
at a salary of $160 per month and John Griffith as a helper on said truck

at a salary of $5.50 per day. Both men to start work as of the 18th of May, 1942. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Rubidoux moved that LeRoy Whipple take over the garbage department as collector and
an efficient stenographer be hired to help him and the expense thereof be taken out of the
garbage department. Seconded by Commissioner Tinch. After some discussion Commissioner
Rubidoux withdrew his motion and Commissioner Tinch withdrew his second.

Commissioner Tinch moved that a superintendent be hired to handle the setting of fees
for collection of garbage and also the supervision of collection of garbage at a salary of

$200 per month. Said superintendent to recommend necessary changes as the volume of business
changes. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the applications of Vegas Transit Co., Tanner Motor Tours,

James Healy and A. L. Riddle for taxi licenses be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Commissioner Tinch passed.

Two applications for bus service in the city of Las Vegas were presented from the
following companys. Vegas Transit Company and the Airway Motor Coach Lines. Mayor Garrison
appointed Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch to meet with the city attorney and Mr. McNamee
to consider the matter and submit a form of ordinance relative to bus service to be submitted
at the next regular meeting.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Biltmore Hotel Corporation, for gaming
and liquor licenses be held up until the next regular meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of R. Specktor for 1 slot machine license
at the Food Center, Inc., 770 Fremont be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Verna Williams for a slot machine
licence at 125½ S. 5th Street be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application of E. F. Noon for a retail beverage license
at 220 N. 2nd street be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Geo. Parry for a retail tavern liquor
license at 1st and Carson, NE corner be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch. Mayor Garrison
voted no.