Thereupon it appearing to the Board that Paul Ralli had received a plurality of all votes
cast for the office of City Attorney it was therefore Resolved by motion of Commissioner Ronnow
seconded by Commissioner Corradetti that the said Paul Ralli be and he hereby is declared to be
the duly elected City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing two years, and it was
further Resolved that the City Clerk be and she hereby is directed to issue a certificate of
election to the said Paul Ralli.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

here upon it appearing to the Board that A.G. "Gus" Blad had received a majority vote of all
votes cast for the office of Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas, it was therefore Resolved
on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti that the said A.G. "Gus"

Blad be and he hereby is declared the duly elected Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas for
the ensuing two years, and it was further Resolved that the City Clerk be and she hereby is
directed to issue a certificate of election to the said A.G. "Gus" Blad.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner
Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that this meeting recess
until Thursday the 22nd day of May, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Thursday the 22nd day of May, 1941 at the hour of
seven thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA,

MAY 22nd, 1941

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County Nevada held on the 22nd day of May, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Krause Commissioners Ronnow and Corradetti City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

this being the time set for the opening of bids for the purchase of materials for the
for the installation of a sprinkling system at the Woodlawn Cemetery and bids being in the hands
of the Clerk same were ordered opened and no motion of commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commission-
er Corradetti it was moved and carried that the bid of the McQuay Supply Co be accepted. Bid for
pipe and sprinkler head being $227.24. This being the lowest and best bid.

Vote Commissioner Ronnow and Corradetti and Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of three tires for the Street Dept. to be used on the motor grader
were opened and on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved
and carried that the bid of the Tower Service Station for three tires at a total cost of $206.52
and three tubes at a total of $31.20 be accepted. This being the lowest and best bid received.

Vote Commissioners onnow and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of an automobile for use by the Police Department were opened and after
due consideration on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was
moved and carried that the bid of the MacDonald-Goodwin Motors Co. for the purchase of one
Chrysler Winsor Model black sedan be accepted. Cost of Car $1,350 00

Turn in allowance 400 00

	Total cost	950.00

Vote Commissioners Ronnow and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

A request for a "Rehearing" of the case of former Mayor Russell was read to the Board. City
Attorney Austin informed the Board that in his opinion at this time there was no provision made
in the Charter of the City of Las Vegas for the "rehearing" of any charges filed against any of
the elected officers of the City.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
the the request of former Mayor Russell for a rehearing of the charges filed against him by Com-
missioner Ronnow be denied.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Ron-
now seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until
Monday the 26th day of May, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M. on said day.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Monday the 26th day of May, 1941 at the hour of
seven thirty P.M.