7.	The City will distribute each such annual payment in lieu of taxes to the taxing
bodies in such proportion that each taxing body will receive from the total payment by the
Administrator hereunder the same proportion as said taxing body's ad valorem tax rate bears

to the total ad valorem tax rate which would be levied against the Development if it were oper-
ated by private enterprise and subject to normal taxation; provided, however, that the City may
distribute each such annual payment in lieu of taxes to the taxing bodies in such lesser
amounts as may be mutually agreed upon between the City and the respective taxing bodies.

For purposes of this Agreement, the term "taxing bodies" shall mean the State of Nevada and
every political subdivision or taxing until thereof (including the City, but excluding
Las Vegas Union School District on behalf of the Las Vegas Grammar School District No. 12 and
Clark County Educational District No. 2) which shall have authority to levy taxes, or
to certify taxes to a taxing body or public officer, to be provided for its use and benefit,
and in which the Development is situated.

8. This Agreement shall continue in full force and effect with respect to the Devel-
opment so long as title thereto is held by the Government and so long as the emergency declared

by the President on September 8, 1939, to exist, continues; provided, however, that so long
as title to the Development is held by the Government after said emergency has terminated
this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect until sixty days after either party has
given to the other written notice that the Agreement shall terminate at the end of said
sixty days.

9. Upon the sale by the Government of any part or parts of the Development, the part
or parts so sold shall, from the date of sale, no longer be considered part of the Develop-
ment. Upon the termination of this Agreement as to the whole of the Development, the
Government will pay such portion of the annual payment called for by Paragraph 1 hereof

as the elapsed portion of the twelve-month period bears to twelve months.

10.	No member of or delegate to the Congress of the United States of America shall
participate in the funds made available under this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the City of Las Vegas and the Government have respectively caused
this Agreement to be duly executed as of this ____________day of________________,194____.

Attest; Helen Scott	City of Las Vegas

City Clerk	By Howell C. Garrison, Mayor

United States of America
Federal Works Administrator

Section 3. That the Mayor and the City Clerk of the City are hereby authorized to
execute a contract substantially in the form set forth in Section 2 hereof on behalf of the
City.

Section 4. This resolution shall take effect immediately.

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing resolution be adopted as introduced and
read, which motion was seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and upon roll call the "Ayes" and
"Nays" were as follows: Ayes: Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and Mayor Garrison.

Nays: none. The Mayor thereupon declared said motion carried and said resolution
adopted.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the city clerk be instructed to write a
letter to Mr. Bracken requesting a definite answer regarding the 10 acres adjoining the
cemetery relative to purchasing same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.