

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city clerk publish notice of hearing not less than three weeks
from date of proposed vacating of streets and petitioners to furnish the city with new plat for subdivision
by the 16th of August, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Clark's Greater Shows be permitted to show in the city
park from July 30th to August 9th inclusive. Further that license fee of $100 per day be
paid daily. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. R. S. Norton, building inspector, appeared before the Board and requested one weeks
vacation beginning August 1st. Commissioner Tinch moved that the request be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Tinch submitted the following names as police officers hired for the Westside.

E. C. Hodge. A. A. Boano, A. J. Norton, F. Fauria, Fred Moran J. L. Coon and J. D. Smith.

Commissioner Tinch made a partial report on the fire equipment of the city and stated that
they were making a general survey, also that the La France truck was on the job.

Commissioner Smith made a report on the progress made on the trailer camps.

Commissioner Smith moved that the electrical department be authorized to install two
more trunk lines on the PBX Board in the city clerk's office. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

\

Mayor Garrison commended Commissioner Smith for the splendid work already accomplished
on the trailer camps.



Commissioner Rubidoux stated that the motor in the oil sprinkler truck needed reconditioned.
Commissioner Smith moved that said truck motor be reconditioned. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that new gears be installed in the DeSota car belonging to the
police department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners, Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that 12 signs reading "City Limits, entering Las Vegas, 25 mile
speed limit" be purchased. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux requested permission to make the shops a little larger suggesting
that the building inspector be requested to assist in the matter.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that he be permitted to purchase a car load of black top,
from Wallace & Wallace. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids for anti-freeze from the following companies were opened at this time;

General Auto Parts -	60 below — $1.59 a gallon

Motor Supply	- Zerax —	1.77	"

Said bids were referred to the purchasing agent for investigation to report at next meeting.

Mayor Garrison stated that the city had gathered 4,720# of scrap rubber. Commissioner
Smith moved that the money received, namely $47.20 for scrap rubber be given to the USO.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that vouchers 706 to 709 inclusive be allowed and the Mayor and city
clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The report of the city attorney was read at this time.

The Clerk was instructed to write a letter to Mrs. Heavin stating the ruling of the city
attorney regarding the accident involving her car and a city vehicle.

A Petition signed by property owners at 9th & Stewrt Streets protesting the parking of
large trucks as a nuisance at that corner, was presented. The matter was referred to
the city attorney.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to amend section 7 of Ordinance No. 264 of the City
of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance of the Commission of the city of Las Vegas, establishing
a residence district, industrial and commercial districts, within the said city of Las Vegas;

defining such districts; declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain or operate
certain factories, works or establishments within said residence districts and said com-
mercial districts" was read for the first time.

A committee representing the colored people of Westside appeared before the Board protesting
the passage of said ordinance. Thereafter, the Mayor recommended that the committee appearing
at this meeting get together with the planning engineer and make recommendation to the Board
for a proposed business site on West Side by the next regular meeting.

The city attorney stated that in regard to the claim of O. J. Scherer for $813 necessitated
by delay caused by priorities, that it would bankrupt the city if it attempted to pay claims
of this sort. He stated that he would submit a written opinion.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming applications be renewed: