A letter signed by O. A. Kimball, agent for the Maryland Casualty Company, calling the
attention of the Board to the installation of an 85,000 gallon gasolene tank which is against
the provisions as set up by ordinance. Said matter was referred to the fire marshall and
city attorney.

A statement signed by several property owners stating that they did not object to T.

M. Murray having cabins on his property was read and filed.

A letter from the Hildred Green Equipment Company stating that they had a second hand
Adam's grader to sell for $2700.00. Said letter was referred to Commissioner Rubidoux.

Commissioner Tinch, A. Blackman and Harold Case were appointed on a committee to
make an investigation for the purpose of supplying certain information for the War Production
Board regarding an airraid siren for the city of Las Vegas.

A communication from the City Engineer, Harlan Brown, recommending the revamping of
the present Planning Commission in accordance with Chapter 110 of the Statutes of Nevada,

1941, and, also the hiring of a Planning Engineer for a two year period, was read.

A communication signed by W. L. Thurmond requesting the refund of $22.00 paid for
a building permit that was not used. The Clerk was instructed to write a letter to Mr.

Thurmond stating that fees were not returnable as provided for by Ordinance.

A communication Signed by Mr. Work regarding compensation for a right of way across
their land for a water line from the Rains well to McCarran Field was read and referred to
the city attorney.



The Claim of Luce and Goodfellow Electrical Constructor for the refund of their cash bond posted under the old
Electrical Ordinance was by the following vote Ordered refunded. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,
Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The claim of Bennett-Forsberg for the return of cash bond in the sum of $100 and an
over payment of $50 on their license was presented.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the $100 cash bond be refunded and the matter of the
$50 overpayment on license be referred to the city attorney. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the claim of the Pioneer Title Insurance & Trust Company
for $25.00 for report of title to U. S. O. property be paid. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the claim of the Vegas Credit Bureau for $1.50 for the
report on Leslie W. Davis be paid. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

 The report of the city Attorney was read.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that proceedings in district Court be started against
T. M. Murrey at once. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids on construction of the west wing of the War Memorial Building from the following
contractors were opened at this time:

S. C. Rasmussen - no bid	White & Alter	$21,681.46

C. W. Jorgenson	$19,847.96	Hampton Bros.	23,930.00

Bids on the Airport Administration Building from the following contractors were
opened at this time:

O. J. Scherer	$33,850.00	H. B. Nicholson	$41,760.00

 Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bids on the Administration building be held over

until the 11th of February. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following