No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Monday the 29th day of November, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF

LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

November 29th, 1937.



Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 29th day of November, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Pro Tem Marble, Commissioners Krause and
Ronnow, City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent Mayor Arnett, and Commissioner Perry.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the letter received from C.D. Baker, City Engineer regarding the cost of "shutes"
at the race track be placed on file, also the copy of the letter to the Las Vegas Horsemen's 

Association from C.D.Baker, which accompanied the letter from C.D. Baker also be
placed on file fro future reference.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and car-
ried that three slot machine licenses be granted to Ray Murphy to be operated at the Apache
Hotel.

Voting aye, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble. Noes, none.

Lloyd S. Payne, Commander of the Local V.F.W. appeared before the Board in regard to
that organization using the race track at the city park for auto races on Sunday Decem-
ber 26th.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that the race track not be used for auto racing as same had been put in condition
for horse racing only. There fore permission to use the same for auto racing was denied
the V.F.W.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes none.

A.W.Blackman, Bernard Berger and Robt. Woodruff of the Recreational Department of the
City appeared before the Board and Mr. Blackman give a detailed report of the activities
of the department from June 1st to Sept 1st, Also reels of pictures were shown the members
of the Commission covering the recreational programme.

M.Rose and Geo. Markisch appeared before the Board in regard to the amended liquor
ordinance which would be effective the latter part of this month. Mr. Marble ask that these
gentlemen put in writing the suggestions they had in regard to the licensing of this bus-
iness.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

DECEMBER 4th, 1937

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of December, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present H.P. Marble Mayor Pro Tem, Commissioners Krause
and Ronnow City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent Mayor Arnett, and Commissioner Perry.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the Clerk.

Report of City Clerk approved by Mr. Marble.

Mr. Blackman read to the Board a report of the horse races given on November 26-27-28, '37.
reporting that the sum of approximately $1,100.00 had been cleared at the races and a check
would soon be handed to the Board of Commissioners to be used in paying on the cost of the
improvements at the race track and barns, made at that time.