OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 25th, 1939

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 25th day of May, 1939 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and Clerk, also
Present were the newly elected Mayor, John L. Russell and Commissioner C.V.T.Gilbert.

Commissioner Luce arriving late and Commissioner Ronnow absent.

Minutes of meeting of May 16th read and approved as read.

Bert O'Donnell appeared before the Board as a representative of the Las Vegas Junior
Chamber of Commerce and protested the maintaining of a wrecking or mercantile lot on South 5th
and Main Streets as same was being installed by Wm. Mendelssohn.

Mayor Marble ask that the Junior Chamber of Commerce present in writing its complaint and
any suggestions that it might have toward remedying same.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that the Clerk write Mr. Mendelssohn and inform him that the fence being erected around
the ground housing his wrecking yard must be completed in ten days and must be intact at all
times.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that E.P. Bihlmaier be granted seven slot machine licenses for the present quarter.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter from the Las Vegas soft ball association asking permission to use the City Park
for night games was read to the Board and on motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commis-
sioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the Softball Association be granted permission
to use the City Park for games during the summer months but must pay for the electricity con-
sumed for lighting said park. That the matter of concession would be considered at a future
meeting.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On recommendation and motion of Commissioner Krause it was moved that A.J. Drews be
allowed the some of $100.00 as salary for the months of January and February 1939 as caretaker
at the Las Vegas Municipal Golf Course. Said motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

A copy of the bill of sale of the Swigart Electric Company to the Connelly Electric
Company was presented to the Board wherein and whereby as a part of the transaction was the
transferring of the Swiart Electric Co. Cash bond had with the said City to the Connelly Electric Co.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that the cash bond in the sum of $100.00 held by the City for the Swigart Electric Co.
be transferred to the credit of the Connelly Electric Company.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mayor Marble informed the Board that he had of the five curtsey Police Captain Badges
of the five alloted to him and ask that Commissioner Corradetti, present Police and Fire Commis-
sioner take charge of same. Mayor Marble also informed the Board that the three (3) badges he
had presented were to the following persons: The Mayor of El Monte, California, the Prince of
Denmark upon his visit to the City of Las Vegas and one to Rex Bell.

On motion	of	Commissioner	Krause	seconded	by Commissioner	Corradetti	it	was moved and

carried that the	official badges	of the	Mayor, Commissioners and	City Clerk	be	retained by these

officers after the expiration of their respective term of office

Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion	of	Commissioner	Krause	seconded	by Commissioner	Luce it was	moved and carried

that the Purchasing	Clerk advertise for	bids for	the purchase of	a car load	of	road oil No.

SC2.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
the the City purchase the 1939 Supplement of the McQuillin Municipal Corporation Law.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Mr. Boyer, Mr. Cashman and Mr. Adcock of the B.P.O.E. Lodge appeared before	the	Board

and ask that the City give from its publicity fund the sum of $400.00 to be used toward	the

fund for the erection of a permanent Helldorado Village. The BP.O.E. Lodge had given the City
a sum of money namely $419.00 for licenses to operate a tavern and slot machines and devices,
at the Helldorado held the week of May 11th, 1939.

Mayor Marble informed the Committee that the City would give to its fund as soon as it
had determined the amount of money the City would receive from Clark County was its part of the
licenses collected by the Sheriff of Clark County.

Commissioner Corradetti reported on his trip to the Nevada Peace Officers Convention
held at Winnemucca Nevada the 20th of May. Mr. Corradetti was much infavor of these	intercity

meetings and reported a excellent time had by those attending from Las Vegas.

Mayor Marble expressed his appreciation of the attendance of Mr. Russell and Mr. Gilbert
at this meeting and assured them of his cooperation after the expiration of his term of office
as Mayor.

Both Mr. Russell and Mr. Gilbert expressed their thanks for being invited at attend
a meeting prior to them assuming their places on the Board of Commissioners on June 5th, 1939.