Las Vegas Liquor Store, Sam's Cafe, Exchange Bar, Kiva Bar, Apache Bar, Apache Cafe, Mae's
Market, Orange Julius Co., Sewell's United Stores, Overland Hotel, Silver Club, Golden Camel
Bar, Silver Cafe, Vegas Hotel, Inc., C. C. Underhill, Bowling Alley, Mike's Liquor Store,

Fremont Tavern, Inc., A. T. Spatz, Las Vegas Club, Las Vegas Club, Las Vegas Tavern,

Wimpy's, Sills, Foreign Club, Pioneer Club, Rancho Grande, Overland Tavern, Frank Lancaster,
Snider Store, Al's Bar, Food Center, Inc., Recreation Bar, Sal Sagev Tavern, Texaco Station,
Mandalay Bar, Peggy's Cafe, Eight Ball Bar, The Market Spot, Silver Club, New Overland Cafe,
Ethel's Family Liquor Stores, Verna Williams, and Sal Sagev Hotel.

Motion was seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of P. O. Silvagni for a gaming license at
the New Western Apache Casino be denied, Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

It was agreed by the Board of City Commissioners that the Western Air Express may move into
office space only in the new Airport Administration Building. at once.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to amend ordinance No. 244 by adding section 7A and &B
to said Ordinance No. 244 entitled 'An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Licensing, for
purposes of regulation and revenue every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified,
transacted or carried on within the corporate limits of the city of Las Vegas, State of
Nevada; fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of
said license tax, and punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business without
a license, and repealing Ordinances numbered 1,2,4,13,14,35,48,13,74,75,81,95,102,105,108,
112,117,145,184,192 and 243, was presented to the Board for consideration. Commissioner
Tinch moved that said proposed Ordinance be adopted and approved as an emergency Ordinance
to be known as Emergency Ordinance No. 277. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none. Thereafter said ordinance was read for a second time and adopted
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to repeal Section 14 Part 4 and to amend Section 14
Part 5, and Section 17 and Section 36 and to add Section 26a to Ordinance 170 entitled,

"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating travel and traffic upon the public streets;
establishing a central traffic district and providing a penalty for the breach of any of the
rules or regulations regarding traffic in this Ordinance provided; and repealing Ordinances
Number 66, 68,69, 86,90,94,120,124,127,141, and 143 of the City of Las Vegas, and all Ordinances
and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith", was read to the Board for a second time and
upon motion by Commissioner Tinch seconded by Commissioner Smith said Ordinance was
passed and adopted by the following vote. Voting aye: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,
Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that there being insufficient evidence to sustain the charges against
Dave Stearns that no action be taken. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of $2.55 for service of summons on Mr. Zaugg be
granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The claim of the Clark County Health Center for $1250 for the fourth quarter was referred
to Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until July 16, 1942 at the hour of
7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
JULY 16, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of July, 1942.

Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison, at the hour of 7:30 P.M., with
the following members present: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, and Tinch. A. W. Blackman,
City Auditor. Paul Ralli, city attorney. LeRoy Whipple, purchasing agent. Helen Scott Reed,
City Clerk.

Minutes of July 6th & 7th respectively were read.

Mayor Garrison ordered the minutes of July 6th amended to show the cost of a secondhand motor-
cycle for the police department as $670.00. Thereafter the Minutes were approved as amended.

There was presented an application of certain property owners to vacate Blocks 16, 17 and 18
and same was referred back to the applicants.