On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that all gambling and slot machine application presented to the Board at this time by the
Clerk be granted for the second quarter year, 1937.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that Lena Dixon be granted a retail beverage license for the year 1937.

Vote was Commissioners Down Krause, Marble and Berry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be directed to write to Gilbert Ross, Acting State Director for WPA and ask that
the City be forwarded detailed reports of all projects sponsored by the City under the WPA
Administration. Detailed reports being desired an to labor, material, use of city equipment etc.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes none.

An Ordinance entitled: An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas Clark County, Nevada, to borrow Sixteen Thousand Five Hundred and Ninety-seven
and 95/100 ($16,597.95) Dollars to cover certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied add con-
firmed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of paying for
the work of making improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading for and the construction
of oil bound gravel pavements and curb and gutters on certain streets and portions of streets
in the City of Las Vegas and particularly described in what is called "Las Vegas 1937 Impro-
vement District No. 3", and to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefore,
said bonds to be known as "Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3 Bonds", and providing
for the collections of the said unpaid assessments by dividing the same into ten (10) annual
installments and placing the same in the same manner as state and county taxes are collected
by law, and other matters relating thereto," was read to the Board for a first time and
voting Aye on the adoption of the ordinance was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and His
Honor the Mayor. Commissioner Perry being excused before the ordinance was read. Noes, none.

There upon the Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Aye.

A weekly newspaper of general circulation published in the City of Las Vegas.

The Clerk was directed at this time to cause to be published in the Las Vegas Age, once
a weak for four consecutive weeks a notice "To Bond Bidders" Said bids to be opened at a
recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners to be held on the 6th day of May, 1937.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Thursday the 8th day of April, 1937.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 8th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 8th day of April, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause and
Marble City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and car-
ried that the Clerk write to the Board of County Commissioners and inform them that it was
necessary that the City be allowed a tax rate of $1.35, and if the County Commissioners did
 not see fit to grant t is amount to the City of Las Vegas it would be necessary for the City
to float an emergency loan.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and that
the following telegrams be spread on the minutes of this meeting:

Reno, Nevada, April 7 1937
Mayor L.L. Arnett

Insurance covering contractors automobiles not yet received in this office stop grant is pro-
mised on compliance by owner with terms and conditions of offer stop insurance matters should
be cleared at once stop have received one certificate of subcontractors insurance by policy it-
self countersigned by Nevada resident agent and two more certificates are required please
expedite.

Wright L. Felt acting State Director PWA Nevada for
the Administrator.