OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 15th, 1937.

Minutes of a Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the 15th day of
May, 1937 at the hour of five o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble, City Attorney
and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause the following Resolution was introduced
and passed:

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas that Resolution No. 2, passed on the
6th day of May, 1937, authorizing L.L. Arnett, Mayor to execute and file with the Federal Emergency Adminis-
tration of Public Works an application for grant to aid in the financing the construction of Las Vegas Street
Improvements, was intended as an amendment to the existing application — Nevada Docket No. 1021—D.

AND it is hereby requested that the State Director of Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works,
consider said application as an amendatory Application, to increase the scope of said project now under con-
struction to include extensions thereof to embrace the streets as enumerated in the application filed accomp-
anying the said Resolution No. 2, dated May 6, 1937.

The above Resolution was adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent Commissioner Perry.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 20th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the
 20th day of May, 1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Pro Tem Down, Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry, City
Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett.

Mr. Hazard, Commander of the Local Post of the V.F.W. appeared before the Board in regard to the City of
Las Vegas donating a sum to the V.F.W. Post to be used in general Publicity Purposes and included in said pro-
gramme was the entertainment of the National Commander.

No motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved that the City from its Pub-
licity Fund give the sum of $600.00.	

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Perry voting aye. Commissioner Marble and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting No.

Motion not carring.

Mr. Stortroen, Manager of the local Nevada State Employment Service appeared before the Board asking that
the Board of City Commissioners join with the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County in aiding in the fin-
ancing of the office of the Nevada State Employment Service.

No action was taken on this request but Mr. Stortroen was ask to file with the City Clerk a list of the
men placed by the office since the first of the year.

No motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that a retail
beverage license for the year 1937 be granted D.G. Lorenzi to be used at the refreshment stand at Lorenzi Lake
Resort.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry, and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye. Noes, none. Absent
Mayor Arnett.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that Mrs.

Ethel Potthoff be granted permission to operate a flower shop at her residence at at 528 South 3rd Street,
as she had presented to the Board a petition signed by more than 51% of the property owners living within a
radius of 500 feet of said 528 South 3rd Street giving their consent to the operation of the flower shop in a
residential district.

Vote was Commissioner Krause, Marble and Perry and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye. Noes, none. Absent
Mayor Arnett.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved that Mayor Arnett upon his
return to the City of Las Vegas execute an agreement with A.J. Mackie, who is purchasing from the City of Las
Vegas, Block 5 in South Addition. Said agreement amending original agreement so that Mr. Mackie might pay the
balance due in monthly payments extending over a period of twenty-one months.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye. Noes, none. Absent
Mayor Arnett.