original amount of $115.10 be approved and that the merchant show cause why the additional
sum of $78.02 is claimed.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the recommendation of Commissioner Smith be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting eye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers 620 to 623 inclusive be approved and the Mayor and
city clerk be authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the report of the Municipal Judge for the month of December,

1941 be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Tinch meet with the purchasing agent and invest-
igate the type of refrigerator McQuay Supply Company named in their bid and if it happens
to be a standard type that their bid be accepted, if not, that the next lowest bid be
accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith, and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The application of George G. Parry for a license for five slot machines at 1st & Carson
Streets was upon motion of Commissioner Rubidoux, seconded by Commissioner Tinch laid
over for further investigation. And said motion was carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The application of Malcolm C. Welch for a retail beverage license at 122 S. 1st was
presented at this time.

Commissioner Tinch moved that said license be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Thos. W. Fraser for a retail beverage
license at 1039 South Main Street be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

An Ordinance entitled "An ordinance of the commission of the city of Las Vegas, establishing

a residence district, industrial and commercial districts, within the said city of Las Vegas;
defining such districts; declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain or operate
certain factories, works or establishments within said residence districts and said commercial
districts; regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and rebuilding of
certain works or establishments in said districts; providing penalties for the violation of
said ordinance, and repealing ordinances in conflict herewith," was read to the Board for the
second time and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

An Ordinance entitled "An ordinance to amend section 7 of Ordinance No. 210 of the city of
Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance to fix, impose, and provide for the collection of a
license tax on motor propelled vehicles operated for hire, and to regulate the operation
and running of the same, within the city of Las Vegas; fixing a penalty for the violation
of any of the provisions of this ordinance; and repealing ordinance No. 100 and all the
Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith", was read to the Board for a second
tine and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that action on proposed Ordinance 265 be delayed. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark,
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.