Bonneville Street from Seventh to into Street;

Clark Street from Eighth Street to a point 140 feet east of Ninth Street;

Bridger Street from Eighth Street to Ninth Street;

Carson Street from Eighth Street to a point 140 feet east of Ninth Street;

Linden Avenue from Fifth to eighth Street;

State Street from Oak Street southerly to intersection with Eighth Street;

Eighth Street from State Street to Mesquite Avenue;

Stewart Street from Main to Fifth Street;

and which said estimates plats and diagrams were ordered filed with the City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas for public examination, and it appearing that the said order has been complied with, and
the City Engineer having filed the said plats, plans and estimates with the City Clerk as heretofore
ordered,

IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED that the following Notice be published and posted as provided by

law:

__NOTICE OF PROPOSED STREET IMPROVEMENTS

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN; That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas proposes
to cause to be made certain street improvements comprising oil bound gravel pavement and concrete
curbs and gutters upon the streets hereinafter described, except such portion thereof as may have
thereon pavement and curbs and gutters; that the expenses of such improvements will be defrayed
as follows: Forty-five percent (45%) will be granted by the Federal Government and the remaining
Fifty-five (55%) will be defrayed by special assessment upon the property hereinafter described
according to benefits and improvements made thereon.

That it is proposed to made said improvements upon the following described property,

to-wit:

South First Street from Garces to Coolidge Street;

South Second Street from Garces to Collidge Street;

South Third Street from Garces to Coolidge Street;

South Fourth Street from Garces to Coolidge Street;

South Fifth Street from Garces to Charleston Blvd;

South Seventh Street from Garces to Charleston Blvd;

South Eighth Street from Glark to Garces Street;

South Ninth Street from Fremont to a point 150 feet south of Garces Street;

Gass Street from Main to Seventh Street;

Hoover Street from Main to Sixth Street;

Coolidge Street from Main to Fifth Street;

Charleston Blvd; from Seventh to Eighth Street;

Garces Street from Seventh to Ninth Street;

Bonneville Street from Seventh to Ninth Street;

Clark Street from Eighth Street to a point 140 feet east of Ninth Street
Bridger Street from Eighth to Ninth Street;

Carson Street from Eighth Street to a point 140 feet east of Ninth Street;

Linden Avenue from Fifth to Eighth Streets;

State Street from Oak Street southerly to intersection with Eighth Street;

Eighth Street from State Street to Mesquite Avenue;

Stewart Street from Main to Fifth Street.

Estimates of expenses, plats and diagrams of the said work and the locality to be improved
are on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for public examin-
ation.

Notice is given that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las V gas will meet
on the 23rd day of June, 1937, at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M. on the said day at the City Hall in
the City of Las Vegas to consider any suggestions or objections that may be made by parties in
interest to the proposed improvements and assessments.

BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS
BY VIOLA BURNS,

CITY CLERK

Vote on the adoption of the foregoing Order was Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry
and Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time Harold Case appeared before the Board and ask if the City of Las Vegas
would pay for the lights for the ball park while same is being used by the soft ball league.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and car-
ried that the City of Las Vegas would pay for the light used at the ball park for the first half
 of the seasons games commencing June 7th and ending July 28th, 1937. Said ball park to be used
three nights each week during this time.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Minutes of all regular, recessed regular and special meetings 3/27/37 to 5/20/37 raad
and. approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 15th day of June, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.