OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
JULY 30th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 30th day of July, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.



Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble and
Ronnow, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

On motion of Commissioners Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that Lenora Costillc be ranted a retail beverage license for the year 1937, and that
she be warned that if any trouble arose at her place of business the license would be revoked.

Vote being Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Atlas Supply Company, be granted a wholesale beverage license for the year 1937.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that E.P. Bihlmaier be granted licenses for eleven slot machines for the third quarter year of
1937.

Voting aye, Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor. Noes, none.



Minutes of all meetings from June 30th 1937 to date read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 4th, 1937.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of August, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble and
Perry, City Attorney and City Clerk

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

All claims allowed as per "Claims & Warrant Register" on file in the office of the Clerk.

Report of City Clerk for the month of July 1937 approved by the Mayor.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and car-
ried that one slot machine license be granted to Ethel Rapoport, and to James Fulcher.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. None,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that Sylvia Meyers and Nellie Dunn, and Venis Lancaster be granted retail beverage licenses for
 the year 1937.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Minutes of the meeting of July 30th, 1937 read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

BE IT RESOLVED, By the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, that the following breakdown of costs for the Las Vegas Street Improvement Project de-
signated as Nevada 1021-D, be and the same is hereby adopted, and that the Administrator and
State Director of Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works be and hereby is required to
approve the same in order that such breakdown of costs may read as follows:

1.	Preliminary	$91.00

2.	Land and right-of-way	XX

3.	Construction	70,433.49

4.	Engineering	4,578.21

5.	Legal and administrative	1,346.80

6.	Interest	XX

7.	Miscellaneous	 XX____

Total	$76,449.50

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the sum of $85.50 be and the same hereby is appropriated
from the general fund of said City of Las Vegas to cover the difference and excess of the said
total cost of said project over and above the original estimated cost thereof and that the same
be paid into Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3, Fund.

Vote on the foregoing Resolution was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry, and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent Commissioner Ronnow.