LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 16, 1941

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
this 16th day of September, 1941.

Meeting called to order by His Honor, Howell Garrison, Mayor, with the following members
present: Commissioners Smith, Clark, Rubidoux, City Attorney Paul Ralli, Helen Scott,

City Clerk and LeRoy Whipple deputy clerk. Absent: Commissioner Tinch.

Due to the absence of Commissioner Tinch, His Honor appointed Commissioner Rubidoux to
sign the city warrants on behalf of Mr. Tinch.





Reading of the Minutes of the previous meeting were waived until September 18, 1941.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that warrants 570 to 574 inclusive be allowed. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,
Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Clark made a motion that he be permitted to purchase as emergency steel boxes for truck
for the sum of $115.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the meeting recess until September 18, 1941 at the hour of
7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 18, 1941

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held this 18th day of September, 1941.

Meeting called to order by His Honor, Howell C. Garrison with the following members
present. Commissioners Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and Paul Ralli, City Attorney, Helen
Scott, City Clerk and LeRoy Whipple, Deputy Clerk.

Minutes of the meetings of September 4th, 5th and 16th were read and approved as read.

A letter was read from H. S. Deadrich, Chairman of the Cemetery Board, regarding the
change of price of lots in said cemetery and same was ordered filed for future reference.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the lease for the City Stockade be renewed
for the period covering October 1, 1941 to and including September 30, 1942 for a
yearly rental of $25.00. Motion seconded and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes none.

A statement for expenses for Harold Case, Fire Chief, incurred while attending
a convention of Fire Chiefs at Reno, Nevada. Same was referred to the Finance Commissioner.

A letter was read from the Airport Advisory Board regarding recommendations for a proposed
depot at the airport. Same was tabled for future consideration.

A letter was read from E. A. Clark requesting the city to establish corners on 15th street
at Fremont, Carson, Bridger, Lewis and Clark Streets and the matter was referred to the
City Attorney.

A letter was read from the Western Air Lines requesting a lease of ten acres of the
NW¼ of the N E¼ of Section 18, Township 20 S., Range 62 E; M. D. B. & M for a period of
ten years with an option for an additional period to be used as a transmitter site. Said
matter was referred to the Airport Advisory Board for recommendation.

A letter was read from F. A. Snyder offering to deed the fallowing described property to
the city for certain property hereinafter described. "beginning at an iron pipe at the
Southeast corner of Lot 6 in Block 3 of Grandview Addition to the city of Las Vegas,

Nevada, thence West along said south line of said Lot 6 a distance of 37.3 feet; thence
89.1 feet north 25°54" East to a point; thence south along the east line of said Lots
5 and 6 a distance of 81.2 feet to the place of beginning" Said property to be deeded in
exchange for the following described property. "Beginning at the SW corner of Lot 6 in
Block 3 of Grandview Addition and continuing on a direct line with the south line of said
Lot 6 a distance of 967 feet; thence S 26°52" to a point of intersection with the extended
north line of said Lot 5 in Block 3 of Grandview Addition; thence east with the north line
of said Lot 5 to the NW corner of said Lot 5, thence south along the west line of Lots 5
and 6 to the place of beginning". The matter was ordered referred to the city attorney.

The application of the Vegas Hotel, Inc., for a retail tavern liquor license was presented
at this time and referred to the Chief of Police for recommendation.

The application of Malcolm C. Webb for a license for three slot machines, 1 penny ante
poker table, 1 Roulette and 1 crap table was tabled until next regular meeting.