Report of Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor. Fines in the amount of $127.00 for the
month of April being received.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that this meeting recess and adjourn until Monday the 29th day of May, 1939 at the hour of ten
o'clock A.M.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

There upon the meeting recessed until Monday the 29th day of May, 1939 at the hour of ten
o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 29th, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County Nevada held on the 29th day of May, 1939 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Luce.

Mayor Marble ask that the Clerk read a letter from City Attorney Austin giving his ruling in
regard to the "Civil Service" act as same was introduced at the last session of the State Legis-
lature. Said act regulating the hiring of police officers. After the reading of said letter
same was ordered filed for future reference.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that David Mackey, former Chief of Police and Assistant Chief Miller be re-employed on the Las
Vegas Police Department as "patrolmen".

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Commissioner Ronnow and His Honor
the Mayor voting no. Absent Commissioner Luce.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City from its Publicity Fund donate the sum of $25.00 to the Las Vegas Fireman's Club.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

At this time the Clerk opened three bids for the printing of "bid forms".

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Mr. Ronnow Finance Commissioner check these bids and award the order to what in his estimation
was the best bid.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that retail beverage licenses for the year 1939 be granted to Ted Konduris and D.G. Lorenzi.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that
Nelson Bishop be employed by the Street Department for the next ten days at the rate of $5.00 per
day.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

Commissioner Krause brought to the attention of the Board the fact that the had an offer
to lease the small house at the City Gravel Pit. After some discussion on the matter on motion of
Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the City
Attorney prepare a form of lease and present sane to the Board for approval before the same might
be signed by the interested parties.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Ronnow
seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved that this meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Thereupon said meeting adjourned.