Commissioner Smith read an inner-office communication from A. W. Blackman regarding
taking confidential documents from the city clerk's office, and thereafter, read a statement
prepared by himself.



Commissioner Clark moved that the application of A. L. Riddle for an extra taxi at 2nd
and Fremont on the west side of the Shell Service Station be granted. Also that the
application of Tanner Motor Tours of Nevada, Ltd., for a taxi stand on the west side
of South 1st Street, 25' south of Fremont Street, and an extra car at the U. P. Depot be
granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Com-
missioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Blaine Johnson for a retail
beverage license at 624 S. 5th Street be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark,
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Herbert W. Ward for a retail
tavern liquor license at 131 S. 1st Street be held over and referred to the police
commissioner for recommendation. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Paralee Adams for a retail
beverage license at 224 N. 1st Street be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application of J. O. McIntosh for a slot machine
license and 1 crap table at No. 10 Fremont be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner Smith.

A communication from the State Council of Defense of Nevada, signed by Hugh
Shamburger, recommending that Harold Case, Fire Chief, attend the War Department De
Civilian Defense School at Stanford University. Commissioner Smith moved that Harold
Case be sent to said school and that he furnish an itemized statement of money spent
for actual expenses as required by Section 4, Ordinance 240 and Resolution on our minutes
July 5th, 1941. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Report of the city attorney was read at this time.

The following Resolution was presented for consideration:

RESOLUTION

Referring to a resolution adopted on the 4th day of May, 1934, prohibiting music
in taverns in Las Vegas, Nevada, between 12 o'clock midnight to 9 o'clock A. M. on
weekdays and 1 o'clock A.M., to 9 o'clock A.M., Saturdays and Sundays and paydays;
such restrictions are hereby repealed and it is hereby

RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners that no music shall be played in such
taverns between the hours of 3 A.M. and 9 A.M.

Commissioner Tinch moved the adoption of said Resolution. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark,
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner Smith.

The report of Louis Wiener, Jr., was read.

A letter signed by Jack J. McNutt, forest ranger, requesting permission to open
certain streets, for the purpose of constructing a water line to serve the Las Vegas
Ranger Station now being constructed at the corner of Bridger Street and 13th Avenue
was read.