upon adopted by the following vote:

Voting aye, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor; Noting No, None;
Absent Commissioner Perry.

Viola Burns, City Clerk

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that
the clerk forward to W.R. Smith, City Milk Inspector the copy of a proposed milk ordinance ac-
companied by a letter of recommendation from the Las Vegas Milk Producers Association with the
instructions that the said ordinance would be acted upon at such time as the same met the re-
quests of all milk producers and distributors.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes, none.

An ordinance entitled, " An Ordinance providing for the cleaning of lots within the limits
of the C of Las Vegas, and providing penalties for the violation thereof, and repealing
all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith, and particularly repealing
Ordinance No. 91 of the City of Las Vegas, approved March 15, 1922.," was read to the Board
for a second time and sopted by the following vote: Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
that Clerk notify all City employees on regular payroll that their application for leave of
absence (annual) should be filed in writing with the Clerk in the very near future.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Monday the 16th day of May, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 16th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 16th day of May, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow, City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

The Library Board composed of Mrs. Bracken, Mrs. Squires and Mr. Ham appeared before the
Board in regard to securing improvements for the Library, namely, roof repairing, cleaning walls
and floor and installation of a desert cooler.

This Board was informed that the Board of Commissioners would do all in their power to
provide theses improvements and would secure bids for same at an early date.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the bids received for tires be handed to Commissioner Krause for recommendation and purchase.
Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted to Bert Smith, Third & Stewart Sts.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that one slot machine license be granted to Ether Rapoport, for operation at 3rd & Fremont Sts.
Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the following letters be spread on the minutes of this meeting:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

May 13, 1938.

TO THE HONORABLE MAYOR AND

MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, LAS VEGAS NEVADA.

Gentlemen;

Enclosed herewith please find a copy of my	letter under date May 11,	1938 written

to W.B.	Mundy, Esq., County Treasurer and Ex-officio	Tax Receiver, in which I ask Mr. Mundy

to make	answer to the five questions embodied in the	resolution passed by your	honorable body

on May 10, 1938 concerning the City's tax rate for the year 1938.

You will also Hind herewith enclosed a copy of Mr. Mundy's letter to me, dated May 12, 1938
in which he answers said five questions.

Yours very truly,

Harry H. Austin

City Attorney.

HHA:EM