Petition signed by certain property owners requesting the zoning of property on Clark

Avenue on West Side was read at this time.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the matter be referred to the Planning Commission to be
returned next regular meeting on December 4th, 1941. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to secure the general health of the city and



to prevent the introduction of contagious, infectious or malignant diseases into the city
by establishing regulations concerning automobile trailers, portable buildings, trucks and
wagons providing living or sleeping quarters for one or more persons, or occupied for business
purposes, and camps for the accommodation thereof; imposing a license tax on trailer camps;
declaring certain things to constitute a nuisance; and providing a penalty for the violation
thereof", was read to the Board for the first time. Commissioner Tinch moved the adoption
of said Ordinance. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Upon recommendation of the Planning Commission, Commissioner Smith moved the adoption
of the following Resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, Nevada Compiled Laws, 1929, Sections 1347 and 1354 provide for method
of partial vacation of plats; and

WHEREAS, RAY H. SMITH, has complied with all statutory requirements for the
partial vacation of a plat;

BE IT RESOLVED by the City Commissioners that all of said plat, described
as Buol's Addition, recorded on the 2nd day of April, 1905, in Book 1 of
Plats, Page 29, Clark County Nevada records, be vacated, except that portion
thereof designated as Buol Avenue; and that portion thereof designated as
El Dorado Avenue.

Commissioner Clark seconded the motion and same was carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

An Ordinance entitled " An Ordinance to Regulate Construction of Sidewalks and Curbs
in the City of Las Vegas; Providing for Method of Securing Building Permit for Same, and the
Fees for Such Permits; Providing for Materials to be Used in such Construction", was read
to the Board for the first time. Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of said Ordinance.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance of the city of Las Vega s concerning the numbering
of buildings, numbering of streets, and renaming of streets; repealing ordinance No. 44," was
read to the Board for the first time. Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of said
Ordinance. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the last reading of the proposed electrical ordinance
be deferred until December 16th, 1941. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commission rs Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye
Noes, none.

Upon recommendation by the Planning Commission and by Motion by Commissioner Clark
seconded by Commissioner Tinch, the City attorney was directed to draw up an ordinance

on zoning for the Woodland Addition. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Upon recommendation by the City Planning Board, Commissioner Clark moved that the city

attorney be directed to draw up an ordinance for zoning the 14th Street Addition. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.