CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 29th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 29th day of June, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow, and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry and City Attorney Austin.

Mr. Alvin Stortroen, of the Nevada State Employment Service, Las Vegas Office, appeared
before the Board and stated that the funds donated to the Service by the City of Las Vegas to be
used for rent were no longer necessary. There upon on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by
Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that a motion introduced and passed at a recessed
regular meeting of the Board held on the 10th day of January, 1938 be rescinded. Said motion
providing that the City give the sum of $12.50 each month toward the rent of office used by the
State Employment Service until the further order of the Board.

Vote on the rescinding of the motion was Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the Mayor H.P. Marble and City Clerk Viola Burns sign an agreement with Robert Woodruff for
lease of what is known as "Mermaid Pool". Said lease having been prepared by City Attorney Austin.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the following persons be granted slot machine licenses: Bert Smith 1, Modern Food Shop 1,

Ruby Riley 1, State Cafe 3, Conchia Chevez 1, Market Spot 1.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a license for one poker table be granted to J.H. Morgan for 108 No 1st St.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Herbert Ward be granted a retail beverage license to be used at the dance pavilion at
Lorenzi Lake Resort.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Ted Konduras, be granted a retail tavern license for 126 South 1st St. Said application
having been approved by the Chief of Police.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting ave. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the following city employees be granted annual leave with pay;

Glen Jones July 1st to 15th; W.J. Rhodes July 5th to August 5th with pay for half of time
off duty; Harry Jameson July 5th to 20th, and J.H Nicoladies July 5th to 20th.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting ave. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 5th, 1938.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 5th day of July, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Krause, and Perry, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Luce and Ronnow.

 All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the Clerk
Commissioner Perry approving claims of the W.S. & L. Commissioner.

Report of Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Friday the 8th day of July, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.