

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA
DECEMBER 12th, 1939

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 12th day of December, 1939 at the hour of 7:30 P.M

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and City Attorney
and Clerk.

Minutes of regular meeting of December 4th read and approved as read.

Mr. Bracken representing the Union Pacific R.R. Co. appeared before the Board in regard to placing
 telegraph poles on City owned land on the Westside of Main Street in the City of Las Vegas.

After examining the plans and figuring on the proper width of the street and sidewalk space on
motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that per-
mission be granted to the UNION PACIFIC R.R. Co; to place telegraph poles on City property as the
placing of same would not inconvenience the general public and would not create a hazard.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Mr. E.W. Allen representing the Community White Christmas Tree Committee appeared before the
Board and ask that the City donate the sum of $100.00 to the fund to be used by the White Christ-
mas tree Committee.

Ur. Alen was informed that an answer to his request would be given at the meeting to be held
Saturday the 16th day of December, 1939.

Mr. H Lysne, Radio technician from the Police D pt. appeared before the Board and explained
the real need for new radio equipment.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City purchase a radio for police service from the Western Auto Supply Co. costing $131.41

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved that all bids
for the installation of a heating unit at the Police Station, Jail and Fire Hall be rejected.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the City purchase for the use of the Police Department one siren and light to be used on
a police car. Cost $34.95

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting vote.
Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of 8 tires and tubes were opened at this time and on motion of Commission-
er Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that these bids after open-
ing be handed to the purchasing clerk for checking and tabulation.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of a power mower were opened and same handed to the Purchasing Clerk
for checking and tabulation.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that Vernon Young be hired as Pound Master at a salary of $30.00 per month.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none

Commissioner Gilbert ask permission to hire C.D. Baker Civil Engineer to establish grades
for repairing street work on South Main Street.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
Mr. Baker be employed to do the necessary surveying.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Gilbert, Ronnow and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

A letter from L.V. King protesting some of the provisions of the License Ord. now being pub-
lished was read to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that the letter be placed on file
and Nr. King advised of the fact that the changing of any of the sections at this time would en-
tails considerable expense as to publication and also delay the enforcement of said ordinance.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

At this time an ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance regulating the sale of milk, cream, and other
dairy products in the City of Las Vegas; defining standards for milk and cream; providing for the
issuance of permits for the sale of milk and cream, and the revocation of such permits; providing
for the creation of a milk ordinance committee; providing for the appointment of a dairy and milk
inspector; authorizing the City Commissioners to promulgate rules and regulations for the enforce-
ment of this ordinance, providing a penalty for the violation of this ordinance; repealing Ordinance
Number 200 of the City of Las Vegas entitled; "An ordinance regulating the sale of milk, cream
and other dairy products in the City of Las Vegas; defining standards for milk and cream: providing
for the issuance of permits authorizing the City Commissioner to promulgate rules and regulations
for the enforcement of this ordinance; providing a penalty for the violation thereof; and repealing
all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," and repealing all ordinances and
parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance, was read to the Board a first time and

adopted by the following vote, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published in he Las Vegas Age, a weekly news-
paper published in the City of Las Vegas once each week for two consecutive weeks and said Ordin-
ance to be know as Ordinance No. 249 of the City of Las Vegas.