Voting aye: Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor John L.
Russell. Voting no none. Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Corradetti
 seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until
Wednesday the 16th day of October, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

None.

There upon said meeting recessed until Wednesday the 16th day of October, 1940 at the hour of
seven thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 16th, 1940.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the City of Las Vegas, held on the 16th cay of Oct-
ober 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and Clerk.

Minutes of Special meeting of October 1st and regular meeting of October 4th read and approved
as read.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Warrants Nos. 411 to 415 be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the report of the Municipal Judge A.G.Blad be accepted. Fines for the month of September
$153.50.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the claim of George Walters in the sum of $72.00 be allowed.

Vote commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Gilbert
seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until Thursday the
17th day of October at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Thursday the 17th day of October, 1940 at 7:30 P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
OCTOBER 17th, 1940.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las V gas
held on the 17th day of October, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

E.W.Cragin appeared before the Board in regard to the City securing additional insurance on
cars operated by the City. No action was taken on this matter same being tabled until a meeting
to be held in the near future.

The application of James Healy for space at the S W corner of 2nd and Fremont Sts to be used
as a taxi stand was presented to the Board at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and car-
ried that the application of James Healy for a taxi stand at 2nd & Freemont Streets be denied.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.