of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

L.L. Arnett	Herbert Krause	Jas. H. Down

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

H.P. Marble	H.L. Perry

Commissioner	Commissioner

Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 24th day of April,
1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause and
Marble, City Attorney and Clerk. Mr. Older of the PWA and C.D. Baker Engineer were present also.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the following Change Order be adopted:

It appearing to the Board that heretofore the United States Government, through the Federal
Emergency Administration of Public Works, has approved a contract between the City of Las Vegas
and Bebek and Brkich under Public Works Administration Docket No. 1021 Nevada, for Las Vegas
Street improvements, and that there is a saving by reason of the total quantities bid not
being used under the portion of funds contributed by the City of Las Vegas, and it further
appearing to be for the best interests of the City that the scope of the project be changed
without increasing the bid items and with no additional contract cost, as follows:

Construction concrete curb and gutter and the fine grading incident thereto, on the north
side of Stewart Street from Second Street to Fifth Street, excluding the frontage of the Federal
Postoffice site, same being a distance of 705 linear feet, which at the unit bid is included
in the contract heretofore awarded Bebek and Brkich, at 59¢ per linear foot, a total cost of
$415.95.

it is therefore, ORDERED that this change involving the quantities above stated be made,
subject to the approval of Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works, through its State
Director for Nevada, and the State Engineer for Nevada.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Perry,

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

May 4th, 1937.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the 4th
day of May, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble, City Attorney and City

Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett, and Commissioner Perry.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that Frank
Lane be granted two slot machine licenses for 116 South 1st Street, Big Four Club.

Vote was commissioners Down, Krause and Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business ap earing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned until
Thursday the 6th day of May, 1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 6th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the
6th day of May, 1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M. on said day.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause Marble and Perry, City
Attorney and Clerk.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the Clerk.