OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 3rd, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 3rd day
of April, 1937 at the hour of nine o'clock A.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble
City attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the following be submitted to the voters as Proposition No. 1, at the general city election
to be held on Tuesday the 4th day of May, 1937:

Shall the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
repeal Ordinance No. 181, the same being an ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance pro-
hibiting the loitering, picketing or displaying banners, signs, or transparencies
or speaking in the public streets in a loud or unusual tone, for certain purposes."
Approved the 21st day of October, 1931, the same being generally known as and called
the "Anti Picketing Ordinance".

For the Repeal	YES

Against the Repeal	No

Vote on the placing of the said proposition No. 1. on the ballot was Commissioners
Down, Krause and Marble, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the following question be submitted to the voters at the General City Election to be
held on the 4th day of May, 1937:

Shall the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas borrow the sum of Sixteen
Thousand and Five Hundred Ninety-seven and 95/100 ($16,597.95) Dollars to cover
certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of paying for the work of making improvements
in the City of Las Vegas by granding for and the construction of oil bound gravel pave-
ments on certain streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas and particularly

described in what is called "Las Vegas 1937 improvements District No. 3, and to issue
and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said bonds to be known as the "Las
Vegas 1937 improvement District No. 3 Bonds," which said bonds shall bear interest at
not to exceeding seven (7%) per cent per annum?

FOR STREET IMPROVEMENT BONDS	YES

AGAINST STREET IMPROVEMENT BOND	NO

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that all gambling and slot machine applications presented to the Board at this time be granted.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that Corey Brothers and Ralph Purdy be granted retail beverage licenses for the year 1937.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

None.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 5th, 1937.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 5th day of April, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble, Perry
City Attorney and Clerk.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the
City Clerk

R. Ritter appeared before the Board in regard to the securing of financial aid for the
advertising of the Rodeo to be sponsored by the Las Vegas Horseman's Association the middle of
May, 1937. Mr. Ritter was informed that the Board would cooperate with the Las Vegas Junior
Chamber of Commerce in the advertising of the Rodeo as same was sponsored by the Las Vegas
Horseman's Association.