Commissioner Tinch made a motion that the application of the Tanner Motor Company for taxi
stands at the following locations be granted, provided they have the consent of the property
owners. West side of N. 1st street, 40' north of Fremont tin front of Las Vegas Pharmacy)
and at 19-21 Fremont Street (in front of the Las Vegas Tavern). Motion seconded by Commiss-
ioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioner Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor coting aye. Noes, one.

A petition signed by certain property owners protesting against a certainskating rink at
5th and Linden Streets. C. D. Breeze, Esquire appeared before the Board at this time on be-
half of the owners thereof. Thereafter the patter was referred to the City Building Inspector
and the Fire Chief for investigation.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the application of the Vegas Hotel for a license for
a cocktail lounge be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, Clark and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch made a motion that the following slot machine licenses be allowed.

Eight Ball Bar	3	Ethel Rappaport	2

Vegas Hotel	3	Vegas Sweet Shop	23

Professional Drug	2	Rancho Grande Creamery	1

Tip's Cafe	1	Town Barbecue	4

Silver State Service	1	Boulder Drug	3

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

An application for a retail liquor tavern license at 120 South 2nd was presented at this time
and referred to the police department.

Bids from the following companies for fire hose were opened at this time.



Mack Auto Parts; Eureka Fire Hose Company, Pioneer Rubber Mills, & American Rubber Company.

The Bid of the Standard Wholesale Company for fire hydrants, unit price $74.21 was opened.
Two other bids were sent out to the following companies but were nor returned. Roy G.

Davis and McQuay Supply Co.

Commissioner Clark made amotion that the bid of the Standard Wholesale Company for ten fire
hydrants be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the bid of the Eureka Fire Hose Company in the sum
of $2600.00 be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids from the Home Lumber Company and the Standard Wholesale Company for 120 light poles

were opened at this time.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the bid of the Standard Wholesale Company be accepted
said bid being in the amount of $1248.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that Mrs. Crossan be hired to act as secretary at the
Golf Course at a salary of $75.00 per month, to commence October 16th, 1941. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark,
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A copy of the Minutes of the me ting of the City Planning Board, held October 16th, 1941
were read at this time. Same were ordered filed.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the applications of Messrs. Webb, Goldman and Stearns
for gaming licenses be held for 30 days for investigation. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Tinch. Vote: Commissioners Tinch and Clark Voting aye. Passed, Commissioners Smith, Rubidoux
and His Honor.

Thereafter, His Honor ORDERED said applications tabled until the next regular meeting of the
Board.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance for safeguarding life and property by regularing, and
providing for the inspection of, electric wiring, devices, appliances and equipment; creating
the office of Electrical Inspector and prescribing his authority and duties; requiring that
no electric wiring, devices, appliances of equipment shall be installed without first securing
a permit therefor; creating a Board of Electrical Examiners; providing for the licensing of
persons, firms and corporations engaging in the business of electrical contracting or employ—

to do certain electrical work, making it unlawful to engage in the business of
electrical contracting or to undertake the execution of electrical work without a license,
except as otherwise provided; making it unlawful to sell at retail certain electrical products
such products have been approved by the Electrical Inspector, and National Board of
Underwriters, providing penalties for the violation of this ordinance and repealing all ordinance
in conflict with the provisions of this ordinance," was read to the Board for a first time and
adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
Aye. Noes, none. Absent none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the applications of Messrs. Webb, Goldman and Stearns
or gaming licenses be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioners
Tinch and Clark.