The Report of the City Attorney regarding matters heretofore referred to him was read and ordered
filed.

Commissioner Smith moved the Report be accepted and the city clerk instructed to furnish



the committee on municipal water a copy of that portion of said report pertaining to the water situation
existing between the City of Las Vegas and the Las Vegas Land & Water Company. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark,
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Communication from the city attorney regarding the proposed amendment to Ordinance
194 was read.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Health Unit be billed $65.00 month as rental for
their location in

the War Memorial Building. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the residence at the Woodlawn Cemetery be remodeled
and put in condition for living purposes in an amount not to exceed $500.00. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark,
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

At the hour of 11:55 P.M. Commissioner Tinch moved that we recess until 12:01 A.M.
November 18th, 1941. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

NOVEMBER 18, 1941

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held November 18, 1941 at the
hour of 12:01 A. M.

Meeting called to order by His Honor, Howell C. Garrison with the following members present:
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux. Paul Ralli, City Attorney, Helen Scott, Clerk.

Commissioner Tinch moved the appointment of Claude Sargent as fire marshall. Motion
Seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,
Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Tinch be authorized to put in necessary
T's for fire plugs in H.F,M & M Addition. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Tinch be authorized to place the basement

of the War Memorial Building in condition to be used as a jail. Said work to be done as an

emergency. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

	Commissioner Clark moved that warrants and complaints be filed from the city attorney's

office. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved Dave Mackey be hired Chief of Police. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark,

Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

	Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Tinch and the city attorney hire a man

at a salary of $150 per month.

subject to the approval of the Board to work out of the office of the city attorney. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,
Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.