City Commissioners.

While the Minutes do not show the foregoing suggestion was taken as a motion
and voted on as I remember; since that time, we have however, been furnished with an order
of business at our regular meetings at least, by the city clerk and I believe we have
consistently followed Robert's Rules in our conduct and I doubt the wisdom of ignoring them
at this time.

Section 41, Page 130 of said rules provides as follows: "The Clerk should, previous to each
meeting, for use of the Chairman, make out an order of business, showing in their exact order what
is necessary to come before the assembly."

The city clerk has exceeded this requirement as an accommodation by furnishing each member
of the Board a copy of such order of business to her credit in my way of thinking.

Section 38, Page 111, provides: "A member has the right to change his vote (when not made
by ballot) before the decision of the question has been finally and conclusively pronounced by
the chair, but not afterwards."

"Until the negative is put, it is in order for any member, in the same manner as if the
voting had not been commenced, to rise and speak, make motions for amendment or otherwise,
and thus renew the debate; and this, whether the member was in the assembly room or not when
the question was put and the vote partly taken. After the chairman has announced the vote,
if it is found that a member has risen and addressed the chair before the negative had been
put, he is entitled to be heard on the question, the same as though the vote had not been
taken. In such cases the question is in the same condition as if it had never been put."

RECONSIDER

SECTION 27, Page 73. "It is in order at any time, even when another member has the floor,
or while the assembly is voting on the motion to adjourn, during the day on which a motion
has been acted upon, or the next succeeding day, * Note. If the vote is not reconsidered
on the day it was taken, and no meeting is held the next day, then it cannot be reconsidered at
the next meeting. The proper course then is to renew the motion if it failed or rescind it
if it had been adopted (This motion was adopted by an improper vote in my opinion).

RESCIND

SECTION 25. Page 71. "When an assembly wishes to annul some action it has previously
taken and it is too late to reconsider the vote, the proper course to pursue is to rescind
the objectionable resolution, order or other proceeding. The motion has no privilege but
stands on a footing with a new resolution. Any action of the body can be rescinded regardless
of the time that has elapsed.

NOTE: "When it is desired not only to rescind the action but to express very strong disapproval,
legislative bodies have on rare occasions voted to rescind the objectionable resolution and
expunge it from the record, which is done by crossing out the words, or drawing a line around
them and writing across them the words "Expunged by order of the assembly, etc", giving the
date of the order."

Signed: Arthur F. Smith, Sr.

The following request was made by the city attorney, Paul Ralli:

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners
Las Vegas, Nevada

As you know I am a candidate for the office of Lt. Governor. Due to the necessity for
touring the State concerning the next election on September , I would like to request your
Honorable Board to allow me to deputize the firm of Morse & Graves, at no extra expense
to the city, so that city business will be taken care of during my absences, until the next
election. My check will be turned over to said firm as their remuneration.

Signed: Paul Ralli.

Commissioner Smith moved that the request of the city attorney be granted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,
Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The report of the city attorney was read at this time.

Bids for radio equipment from the following firms were opened at this time.

Radio Specialty Company $120.55. Radio Television Supply Company $110.25.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the bid of the Radio Specialty Company of $120.55 be accepted
because of the inability to obtain high enough priority to accept the other one. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, S
Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that a second hand typewriter be purchased from Peggy Wardin for
$75, if in the opinion of Commissioner Smith it was in first class condition. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the claim of F. D. DeWald for services rendered in the amount
of $99.00 be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of the Lembke Construction Company for the return of
their $100 bond as plumbing contractors be granted as their business has been completed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the warrant covering petty cash in the sum of $19.06 be

allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.