OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS. CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

APRIL 22nd, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Clark County, Nevada held on the 22nd day of April, 193S at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Marble Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett and Commissioner Ferry.

Dr. Smith, Lloyds S. Payne, and A.E.Cahlan appeared before the Board in regard to the purchasing 

of street decorations for the City. This committee was informed that at such time as sampled
were received from decorating houses and bids that the purchase of decorations would be considered.

At this time an ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to amend, revise and re-enact Section 3 of
Ordinance No. 166 of the City of Las Vegas, as amended by Ordinance No. 188 of the City of Las Vegas
and to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith," was read for a first time
and adopted by the following vote, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem marble voting
aye. Noes, none. Absent Mayor Arnett and Commissioner Perry.

There upon the Clerk was instructed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Evening 

Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, once each week for two
consecutive weeks. This ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 236.

Report of Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor Pro tem.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the Clerk be instructed to write a letter to the Municipal Judge, R.J. Lewis and request that his
reports and moneys collected be filed in the office of the Clerk not later than the 5th of the
month covering report and collections of the previous months.

Vote Commissioner Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

A committee from the Elk's Lodge appeared before the Board at this time and presented to the
Board application for a cabaret to be operated in connection with the 4th annual Helldorado to
held April 28-29-30-- May 1st, 1938. Said application being accompanied by $300.00 covering cost

to said license.	

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that

the Elks Lodge be granted a license for the operation of a cabaret.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
that the Petition filed with the Clerk signed by a number of property owners of Westside asking for
an adequate water system , be handed to C.D. Baker for checking and report to the Board at a meeting
to be held on the 25th of the month.

vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the description of the property to be purchased by the City from Warren Woodward be
checked by the City Engineer before the agreement should be signed by the Mayor and Clerk.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be instructed to write the Chairman of the Recreation Board and inform that body
to the effect that a joint meeting would be held on Monday the 25th day of April at the hour of
seven o'clock P.M. the Board of Commissioners and recreational board.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

It was brought to the attention of the Board that an Ordinance previously enacted was not
being published in a form satisfactory to the parties interested and there upon said Ordinance was
corrected and the Clerk was directed to have said corrected ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to
amend section 1 of Ordinance Number 168 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance of the
Commission of the City of Las Vegas, establishing a residence district, industrial and commer-
cial districts within the said City of Las Vegas; defining such districts; declaring it unlawful to
erect, establish, maintain, or operate certain factories, works or establishments with said resi-
dence districts and said commercial districts; regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance
operation and rebuilding of certain works or establishments in said districts; providing penalties

for the violation of said ordinance, and repealing ordinances in conflict herewith;" published in
the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in Las Vegas, for once a week for
two consecutive weeks. This Ordinance being Ordinance No. 235 of the city of Las Vegas.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned

until Monday the 25th day of April, 1938, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.