OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA
December 28th, 1939

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County Nevada held on the 28th day of December 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti City Attorney
and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of December 21st read and approved as read.

Luella Thornton appeared before the Board in regard to securing a license for the op ration
of a beauty shoppe in the residential district on No 7th. License to operate this beauty parlor
had been denied at a previous meeting. After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commis-
sioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved that Mrs Thornton be granted a lic-
ense to operate a beauty shoppe on No. 7th Street in the residential district due to the fact
a license had been granted her for the 2nd quarter year 1939.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioners
Ronnow and Corradetti voting no.

The application of the Frontier Club Inc. signed by Fred Kreiger for the operation of one
"Hopper Keno" license was considered, and on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commis-
sioner Krause it was moved and carried that this license be granted and that the fee for the same
be in the amount licensing "Keno" in the ordinance governing the issuance of gambling licenses.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner Corradetti
voting no. Commissioner Ronnow passing his vote.

Mr. O'Donnel appeared before the Board in regard to the erecting of three rooms in close
proximity to the home occupied by his soon. This home being in the restricted residential dis-
trict where only one one family residence is allowed on fifty feet, but after explaining t at this
building would only be in the nature of sleeping quarters the Board informed Mr. O Donnel that
he could proceed with his plans. Commissioner Gilbert was appointed by the Mayor to work in con-
junction with Mr. O'Donnel.

Ethel Rapoport appeared before the Board in regard to selling short pints of liquor in the
family liquor store operated by her at 407 Fremont Street. Mrs. Rapoport was informed that this
would not be	under the present ordinance but the Board anticipated the amending of

the liquor license ordinance before the second quarter year to include the sale of less than half
pint bottles.

A letter from Dr. W.S. Park asking that the City purchase a lawn renovator and that the
purchase of same be allowed for in the 1940 budget, was read to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
this letter be placed on file also the folder describing said renovator and that the same would be
placed in the 1940 Budget.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the Clerk issue all slot machine licenses applied for at this time.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.	



On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that all liquor licenses applied for at this time be granted and that the Mayor and Clerk sign
said applications, and the Clerk issue licenses.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
a letter presented to the Board at this time from Rex Jarrett as agent for the Commercial Cas-
ualty Company be filed for reference at such time as the Board would consider the renewal of the
fleet insurance policy of the City.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the City allow the claim of J.T. McWilliams in the sum of $82.00 covering cost of survey
work at the site of the proposed municipal air port.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City purchase eight tires costing $21.80 each and eight tubes costing $2.98 each from the
Texas Co. Ralph Purdy Agent. That delivery be made on these tires at once.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

A number of Petitions signed by about 250 persons asking that the City take steps to remedy
the radio reception in the City of Las Vegas was presented to the Board and on motion of Commis-
sioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that these petitions be
filed with the Clerk and to be used for reference at such time the Board would under take that pro-
gramme.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting eye.
Noes, none.