	LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

MAY 25, 1942
7:30 P.M.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioner held this 25th day of May,

1942. Meeting called to order by Mayor Howell C. Garrison with the following members present:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, City Attorney, Paul Ralli, City Clerk, Helen
Scott Reed.

Commissioner Smith read a report entitled "Survey of commercialized prostitution in Las	

Vegas, Clark County, Nevada" and a letter attached thereto signed by Martinus Stenseth, Colonel
of the Air Corps.

Many individuals representing the hotels, taxi drivers, gaming and liquor houses and auto
courts asserted their willingness to cooperate with the city in repression of prostitution
within the city of Las Vegas.

A letter from the Federal Security Agency regarding application blanks for the purpose of
enlarging and maintaining the Las Vegas Police Department. The Clerk was directed to answer
the letter and make application for proper forms.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of E. F. Noon for a retail beverage license

at 217 N. 2nd be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following

vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Mary Keenan for a slot machine license at

206 Wilson, Westside be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the applications of the Builtmore Hotel, Inc., for a retail

tavern liquor license and a gaming license covering 1 roulette, 1 crap table and 1 21 table
be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application of the Sportland Arcade for 34 slot machines
be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter was read from Frank McNamee, Jr., addressed to the Vegas Transit Co., concerning
bus franchises, and referred to the city attorney.

Paul Ralli, city attorney, stated that he had revoked the appointment of the firm of Morse
& Graves as acting city attorneys, during his absence. Commissioner Clark demanded a written
opinion from the city attorney regarding said dismissal.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the motion heretofore made granting a supplemental lease to
the U. S. Government of the following described land "To include that portion of E½ Section 4
and that portion of the NW¼ Sec. 3 T. 20 S. R. 62 E., M.D.B. & M., lying south of U. S. Highway
91; said supplemental agreement to include such land as not already under lease in E½,
excluding therefrom any portion of said land already occupied by the Flexible Gunnery

School" be rescinded for the reason that it appears that said lease contains the land now
occupied by the Airport Administration Building. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the committee heretofore appointed to look into the matter of
a city owned trailer camp to authorized to proceed with work of installing a 50 unit camp
at a cost not to exceed $4,000.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,

None.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until June 4th, 1942 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by unanimous vote.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby
called to be held in the Mayor's Chamber at the War Memorial Building, Tuesday, May 26, 1942,
at the hour of 7:30 P.M., on said day to consider the following:

1. An investigation into charges against Dave Stearns, Proprietor of the
Northern Club.

Howell C. Garrison_____________

Mayor

To: Howell C. Garrison, Mayor, and to Pat Clark, M. C. Tinch, A.F. Smith, Sr., and A. P.
Rubidoux, Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice: That pursuant to a call this day issued by
the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's Chamber at the War Memorial Building
on the 26th day of May, 1942 at 7:30 P.M., of said day to consider the following:

1. An investigation into charges against Dave Stearns, Proprietor of the
Northern Club.