A letter was	read from the	Western	Air Lines, Inc. in regard	to certain changes	they re-
quested due to the	City building	the new	Administration Building back from their present operating 

facilities. Said letter was turned over to City Attorney Paul Ralli for check and report
to the Board.

A claim of $25.00 covering services for secretarial duties for the City Attorney signed by
Rowena Stringer and approved by City Attorney Paul Ralli was presented to the Board. Upon advice
of City Attorney Paul Ralli that	Section	4 of Ordinance Number 240	does not in nowise	apply for

monthly payment of	stenographic services	for the City Attorney and	relating to motion	which was

previously passed by the Board of City Commissioners. Motion was made by Commissioner Smith and
seconded by Commissioner Clark to allow a claim of $25.00 presented by Rowena Stringer for services
rendered the City Attorney. Vote was as follows: Commissioner Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux
and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Clark and seconded by Commissioner Smith to allow claims
of Cragin and Pike in the amount of $15.00 covering insurance on bonds. Vote: Commissioner Smith,
Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Clark and seconded by Commissioner Smith to allow claim of
the Southern Nevada Telephone Company in the amount of $75.10 for telephone calls and service for
the City Clerk's office for the month of March. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and
Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Clark to authorize the
Mayor and City Clerk to sign deed for the County of Clark relative to the property on which the
health unit will be located. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor
the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.

Commissioner Smith made motion and was seconded by Commissioner Tinch that the annual contract
with the Burroughs Adding Machine Company in the amount of $20.10 be renewed and the same be paid.
Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Clark and seconded by Commissioner Tinch that the bid of Ed
Von Tobel Lumber Company being the only one submitted on lumber and material in the amount of
$91.26 be accepted. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor
voting Aye; Noes, None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Tinch and seconded by Commissioner Smith that the bill from
the McQuay Supply Company for fluorescent lamps and lamp adaptors for the City Hall in the amount of
$42.60 be allowed. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor
voting Aye; Noes, None.

A deed from Earl Honrath covering certain property was presented to the Board and ordered
turned over to the Planning Engineer and the City Engineer for study and report to the Board at
their next regular meeting.

	A bill covering damages done to Fireman Bill Trelease's car was presented to the Board for

consideration and was ordered turned over to the City Attorney for investigation.

Purchasing Agent Leroy Whipple presented to the Board an inventory of supplies and furnishings
at the Golf house as was turned over to former Golf Pro Jimmie Crosson. Upon motion by Commissioner
Rubidoux and seconded by Commissioner Tinch the Board voted to accept such list as was presented.

Vote : Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes,

None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Clark and seconded by Commissioner Tinch to authorize and
designate Commissioner Smith to supervise the unloading and installation of the new furniture for
the new City Hall. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor
voting Aye; Noes, None.

A letter from the Nevada Tax Commission relative to a meeting being held in Carson City
May 8th was read to the Board and ordered filed for future study.

A letter received from Edward J. Miller was read to the Board. Upon motion of Commissioner
Smith and seconded by Commissioner Tinch said letter was ordered turned over to the City Engineer
for study and report back to the Board at the next regular meeting. Vote: Commissioners Smith,
Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.

Application from the Veterans of Foreign Wars to use the City Park to hold a carnival during
period  of 2 weeks, starting 4/5/42 was presented to the Board for consideration and upon motion

by Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Tinch such request was granted. Vote: Com-
missioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.

A letter from the United States Engineer's Office was read and turned over to Mr. Petrie.

Motion was made by Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux to acknowledge
receipt of a letter received from A. J. Gilbert and to advise Mr. Gilbert by letter that the
City already has an engineer employed. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux
and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.

A plan presented by A. W. Blackman regarding Board meetings and establishing an order
therefor as follows was presented:

"May I suggest in planning your order of business at Board Meetings that business
affecting the City employees be put first so that they can be excused, - and
other matters not concerning them be placed later. Then City employees can
secure proper rest and be fresh for the next day's use."

Upon motion by Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Clark motion was made as follows
to adopt the foregoing plan, vote being as follows: Voting Aye: Commissioners Smith and Clark
and his Honor the Mayor; Voting No: Commissioners Tinch and Rubidoux.

A letter from W. E. Ferron relative to the efficient manner in which the Fire Department
handled the fire in his store building was read. Same was turned over to the Fire Department and
acknowledgment thereof was authorized

Motion was made by Commissioner Rubidoux and seconded by Commissioner Smith that the City
Purchasing Agent be authorized to call for bids on a power mower and a half ton used pick-up
truck for the Cemetery; said bids to be returned at the earliest possible date. Vote: Com-
missioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.