Present: Mayor John L. Russell, Commissioners, C.V.T. Gilbert, Herb Krause, A. Corradetti,
City Attorney Harry H. Austin and Deputy City Clerk, Le Roy Whipple.

Absent: Commissioner Joe S. Ronnow, and City Clerk Mrs. Viola Burns.

An application for a sealed package liquor license was presented to the Board by Nate Mack to
operate a sealed package liquor business at 423 Fremont Street, for the 4th, quarter of 1940
It having been brought to the attention of the Board that Peter Pansey had been denied a
similar license for the 3rd, quarter of 1940 at such location sod that a suit was now pending
in the district court wherein an injunction had been filed restraining the City from prohibiting
Mr. Pansey to operate such a business until a decision had been reached by the District Court,

It was moved by Commissioner Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Krause to grant such license
to Mr. Mack on condition that all license fees now owing to the City by Peter Pansey be paid,
and that the District Court Suit of Peter Pansey, Plaintiff, VS. City of Las Vegas and others
Defendants, in which an injunction was issued, be dismissed and that said injunction be dissolved.
Vote being, Commissioners, Gilbert, and Krause, and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes None.
Commissioner Corradetti Passing his vote.

Bids on a motorcycle for the Police Department were then next ordered opened, after checking
such bids as were received, upon motion by Commissioner Krause and Seconded by Commissioner
Gilbert it was moved and carried that the bid of Earl West for a Harley Davidson Motorcycle with
such attachments and items listed in his bid together with a trade in allowance on the old
Harley Davidson Motor Cycle now used by the police depart for $150.00 leaving a net total of
a purchase price on the new motor cycle of $426.15 f.o.b. Las Vegas, Nevada, be accepted.

Vote being Commissioners, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye,

Noes None.

At this time the matter of supplying the various departments of the City from the Non Appropriated
Non Tax Revenue of the City was discussed at length.

Commissioner Gilbert Made motion that this Board appropriate this non appropriated non tax revenue
to the various departments where needed at this time, no second being made to the motion, and no
vote being taken, therefore the motion did not carry*

Minutes of all Meetings from November 4th, to November 16th, Inclusive and Minutes of Special
Meeting on November 19th, were read and approved as read.

Mayor Russell at this time proceeds to read a report he has concerning the Fire Department
answering fire calls in North Las Vegas, and at this point Commissioner Gilbert Moves for the
meeting to adjourn, his motion is seconded by Commissioner Krause, The mayor not calling for
a vote, commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti left the meeting, with Mayor Russell still
reading his report* There upon the meeting adjourned*

CALL OF A SPECIAL MEETING*

TO, VIOLA BURNS -CITY CLERK
By. LE ROY WHIPPLE, DEPUTY

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is hereby
called to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office, in the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, Thursday November 21, 1940 at the hour of six o'clock P.M. to consider
and act upon the following business:

To consider and act upon the framing of a request to The State Board of Finance, regarding
The City Budget for the year 1940

John L. Russell - Mayor of the City of Las Vegas
NOTICE OF A SPECIAL MEETING:

TO: JOHN L. RUSSELL, MAYOR AND TO C.V. T. GILBERT, HERB KRAUSE, A. CORRADETTI AND JOE S. RONNOW,
COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS.

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office
Thursday the 21st, day of November 1940 at the hour of six o'clock P.M. to consider and act
upon the following business:

To consider and act upon the framing of a request to the State Board of Finance, regarding the
City Budget for the year 1940

VIOLA BURNS - City Clerk
By. Le Roy Whipple. Deputy.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE.

We, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, hereby admit due service
of the fore going notice of a Special Meeting.

John L. Russell - Mayor, C.V.T. Gilbert, - Commissioner, Herb Krause - Commissioner, Joe S.

Ronnow, Commissioner and A. Corradetti - Commissioner.