Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Municipal Judges report for the month of November
be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the tavern liquor license heretofore issued to the
Frontier Club at 113 Fremont be transferred to 115 Fremont. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioner Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Gunn Electrical Company for an Electrical Contractor's License
and Master's Certificate be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

The application of John Ferguson for a position as night watchman at the city barns
was read and ordered filed for future reference.

Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Rubidoux be allowed to hire a night watchman
for the city barns at a salary of $140. 00 per month. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A communication from the Western Air Lines, Inc., requesting permission to construct
a certain billboard and erect same on city property was read and referred to the street
commissioner.

Communication from the Southern Nevada Aero Club soliciting financial aid for their
air show was read and Commissioner Clark was appointed to meet with the Chamber of Comm-
erce and the County Commissioners in regard to said matter.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the city go on record approving any amount that the
County Commissioners and the Chamber of Commerce saw fit to donate to the Southern Nevada
Aero Club. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A note of thanks was read from Station KENO for the flowers sent for their opening.

A communication from A. C. Delkin was read relating to his trailer Camp at 12th
and Fremont.

Communications addressed to Texico Distributor, Standard Oil Co., Western Air Lines
and Mr. Talman, Vice President of TWA and signed by Commissioner Smith were read. Said
Communications relating to liability insurance at the Las Vegas Airport. Another communi-
cation addressed to Commissioner Smith from the Western Air Express relating to the same
matter was read.

Communication from Lt.Col. Martinus Stenseth was read and referred to Commissioner
Rubidoux.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Gunnery School be allowed the use of the War
Memorial Building for basket ball and badminton. Motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Gunnery School be permitted to use the War Memorial
Building for badminton, and that they take care of any damages or repairs that may occur.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner Tinch.

Commissioner Clark moved that the claim of J. A. Fleming in the sum of $709.48,
being 4% of the final claim fur architectural services in connection with the addition to
the War Memorial Building, be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.