OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

APRIL 27th, 1937,

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 27th day of April, 1937 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble
and Perry, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the following berthe form of ballot submitted to the voters at the General City Election
to be held on May the 4th, 1937, covering a power bond issue:

POWER BOND
OFFICIAL BALLOT

GENERAL ELECTION OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ON TUESDAY,

MAY 4, 1937:

Instructions to Voters: If in favor of the bond, the
voter will place a "X" in the square opposite the word
"Yes". If opposed to the bond, he will place a "X" in
the square opposite the word "No".

Shall the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, issue Two Hundred Fifty
Thousand ($250,000.00) Dollars in power bonds bearing
four (4%) per cent interest, agreeably with the provi-
sions of Ordinance No. 215 of the City of Las Vegas,
being entitled "An ordinance authorizing the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, to borrow the sum of two hundred fifty thou-
sand dollars (250,000) with which to establish, create
or acquire by purchase, or construction, a municipally
owned electrical power plant and distribution system,
and incidental facilities and to issue and sell the gener-
al obligation bonds of the city of Las Vegas to secure the
same, and other matters relating thereto." Finally
approved the 4th day of December, 1935.

FOR POWER BOND	YES

AGAINST POWER BOND	NO

Vote on the above was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none, Absent None.

Attorney Harry Austin appeared before the Board at this time and presented to the Board
a number of petitions, forty-seven in number, bearing the following title:

To the Honorable Mayor and Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada.

We, the undersigned qualified voters of the City of Las Vegas, respectfully petition and
represent to your Honorable Body, as follows:

That we, the undersigned, are qualified voters within the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, 
Nevada.

That we request and petition that Section 4 of Chapter 1, and Section 2,3,5,6, 10, 14, 18
and 31 of Chapter 11 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, being an act of the legislature
entitled "An Act to incorporate the Town of Las Vegas in Clark County and defining the boundaries
thereof and to authorized the establishing of a city government therefor and other matters
relating thereto", approved March 16, 1911, as amended, be forthwith amended by substituting
the following numbered sections of the respective chapters as herein indicated for the now ex-
isting sections.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
the the reading of the entire petition be omitted as each member of the Commission had read
and understood the petition paryed for.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the following Resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there has been filed a verified petition bearing the signatures of more than sixty
cent of the qualified voters of the City of Las Vegas, said percentage being based upon the
total votes cast for justice of the supreme court at the general election last preceding the
filing of the said petition, praying for the adoption of certain amendments to the City Charter
of the City of Las Vegas, to wit: Amendments to Section 4 of Chapter I of said Charter, and
Sections 2,3,5,6,10,14,18 and 31 of Chapter II of said Charter, which amendments are fully set
forth in such petition, and the verification of the petition shows to our satisfaction that such