Upon request by the City Clerk, Mr. Smith made a motion that bids be let for a
legal size file cabinet. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote: Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and hi
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Rubidoux made a motion that the Clerk be allowed to hire an extra deputy for
the City Clerk's office during her absence. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith. Vote: Commissioners,
Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Smith made a motion that no contractor secure a license here unless he has
a State License or has applied for one. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch. Voter Commissioners,

Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Ralli requested the cooperation of the Board whenever he laid proof of violation
of any ordinance before them and asked that he have someone assigned to work out of his
office from the Police Department.

Mr. Rubidoux made a motion that bids be let for a 1½ ton truck for the sewer
department. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

The Mayor stated that nominations were now in order for members of the Airport
Advisory Committee. Mr. Smith nominated John L. Russell and Bob Kaltenborn. Mr. Rubidoux
nominated Walter Bates and Walter Bond. Mr. Tinch nominated John Cahlan and the Mayor
offered the names of Jack Evans and Calvin Liles.

Mr. Smith made a motion that John L. Russell be appointed a member of the said Board.

The Motion died for want of a second.

Mr. Smith made a motion that Bob Kaltenborn be appointed a member of said Airport
Board. The motion died for want of a second.

Mr. Tinch made a motion that John Cahlan be appointed a member of said Airport
Board. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch,

Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Nones, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Rubidoux made a motion that Walter Bates be appointed a member of said
Airport Board. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch. Vote: Commissioners, Tinch, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Mr. Smith passed his vote.

Mr. Rubidoux made a motion that Walter Bond be appointed a member of said Airport
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Tinch made a motion that Jack Evans be appointed a member of said Airport
Board. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Smith made a motion that Calvin Liles be appointed a member of the Airport
Board. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Tinch made a motion that a special officer be partly assigned to the city
attorney's office. Seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.



There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, therefore
at the hour of 11:50 P.M. Mr. Tinch made a motion that the meeting adjourn until the
next regular meeting August 4, 1941 at the hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith.

Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: HELEN SCOTT, CITY CLERK

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is hereby
called to be held in the Board of Commissioners room in the City Clerk's Office, Monday the
21st, day of July 1941 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M. on said day to consider and
act upon the following:

1. To act upon the granting of an easement over city property to the Pioche
Power Company power line.

C.R. "Pat" Clark
Mayor Pro Tem.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING.

To, Howell C. Garrison, Mayor, add to Pat Clark, M.C. Tinch, Arthur F. Smith, Sr., and A.P.
Rubidoux Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: THAT PURSUANT TO A CALL THIS DAY ISSUED BY THE
Mayor Pro tem. of the City of Las Vegas, A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's
Office Monday the 21st, day of July 1941 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M. on said day
to consider and act upon the following:

1. To act upon the granting of an easement over city property to the Pioche Power
Company power line.