A certain petition signed by a number of property owners requesting permission to open a
restaurant at 4th & Van Buren was presented. Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the petition
be granted, provided, it meets all legal requirements. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the
Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that Commissioner Rubidoux be authorized to purchase 10,000 tons
S. C. road oil as by previous action of the Board provided. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor
pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.



A certain petition signed by several property owners was presented by Willie Harris for permission to open a cafe in a residential
district in Westside. Commissioner Tinch moved that said petition be granted provided that
it meet all legal requirements. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting aye.

Noes, none.

A letter was read from the Gilmore Furniture Company requesting permission to have an out-
door location. The matter was referred to the city attorney.

A letter was read from J. M. Murphy, Division Engineer, of the State Highway Department,
regarding the claim of C. F. Gartside. Commissioner Smith moved that the city building
inspector, R. S. Norton take care of the first four requests of Mr. Gartside as outlined
in his letter to the Board, dated April 28th, 1942, and now on file with the city clerk.
Request No. 5 is denied. Further, that the Board will rely upon the judgment of Mr. Norton.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and The Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter was read from Harlan T. Brown, city engineer, regarding the location of Murry
cabins. Said matter was referred to the city attorney and Mr. Brown.

A petition was read signed by several property owners asking permission for Mr. Earl P. Scott
to have a license for photography in his home. Said matter was referred to the city attorney.

The opinion of the city attorney regarding the petition heretofore presented by Mrs. Riller
was read and filed.

A letter was read from Mr. M. W. Healy asking permission to transfer his taxi license to
Vegas Transit Co., a corporation. The city attorney stated that it was not necessary
to transfer said license but that next quarter said license be obtained in the proper name.

A letter was read from the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce regarding a certain Resolution
adopted by them at their meeting of May, 5th, 1942, relating to bus transportation in the
city limits. Same was ordered filed for future reference.

A letter from the Las Vegas Land & Water company regarding the sale of 300 acres of land
to the city for additional cemetery space was read. The clerk was instructed to write
to said company stating that the city accepted said offer and asking for 90 days to pay for
same.

Commissioner Rubidoux stated that he thought the city of Las Vegas should have a float in
the Helldorado Parade. Commissioner Smith moved that the City of Las Vegas enter a float
in the parade at a cost not to exceed $5.00 that the Board of City Commissioners, city
attorney, and city clerk ride on same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor Pro Tem voting
aye. Noes, none.

The city auditor was directed to check on the possibility of making a canvass for the
collection of delinquent poll tax.

His Honor C. R. Clark, Mayor Pro Tem called a meeting for Monday, May 25, 1942, instructing
the clerk to notify the police department to request all tavern keepers, hotel operators,
gambling houses, taxi drivers, auto courts and rooming house operators to be present at that
time to discuss the problem of avoiding the invocation of the May Act.

Mayor Pro Tem Clark also called a meeting for Tuesday, May 26, 1942, at 7:30 P.M., for the
purpose of investigating the Northern Club. The Clerk was instructed to notify all parties
involved to appear.

Commissioner Smith moved that 500 #11 intense purple carbon sheets and 500 ditto master
sheets be purchased not to exceed $50. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting
aye. Noes, none.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to Amend Section 1, of Ordinance No. 265 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance regulating the sale of milk, cream and other dairy products
in the city of Las Vegas; defining standards for milk and cream; providing for the issuance
of permits for the same of milk and cream, and revocation of such permits; providing for the
creation of a milk ordinance committee; providing for the appointment of a dairy and milk
inspector; authorizing the city commissioners to promulgate rules and regulations for the
enforcement of this ordinance; providing a penalty for the violation of this ordinance;
repealing ordinance No. 200 of the city of Las Vegas, 'entitled an ordinance regulating
the same of milk, cream and other dairy products in the city of Las Vegas; defining standards
for milk and cream; providing for the issuance of permits for the sale of milk and cream
and the revocation of such permits; authorizing the city commissioners to promulgate rules
and regulations for the enforcement of this ordinance; providing a penalty for the violation
thereof; and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith', and
repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance." was read
to the Board for the 1st time. Commissioner Smith moved the adoption of said ordinance.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, None. Absent: Mayor Garrison and
Commissioner Rubidoux. Commissioner Rubidoux having stepped out of the room.

Commissioner Smith moved that this meeting recess until Monday, May 25, 1942 at the hour
of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by unanimous vote.

ATTEST:

CITY CLERK