Commissioner Krause brought to the attention of the Board the fact that the City was in
need of an extra tire to be used on trucks. Thereupon on motion of Commissioner Corradetti
seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved that the Purchasing Clerk LeRoy Whipple purchase
without bid one tire at this time.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the Board discussed the hearing had in regard to the sale of liquor to minors
in which Pete Pansey was accused of selling same. After some discussion on the matter on motion
of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the complaint
against Pete Pansey be dismissed owing to lack of evidence.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner
Corradetti voting no.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Saturday the 31st day of December, 1938 at the hour of 1:30 P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

DECEMBER 31st, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held December 31st, 1938 at the hour of 1:30 P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and
City Clerk.

Commissioner Corradetti presented the Board with bids for the repair of the motorcycle
belonging to the Police Department.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the bid of Miller-Frehner in the sup of $75.00 be accepted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read application for gaming, slot machine, nad liquor licenses to
the Board. All applications being in proper order and money on file with the Clerk covering the
same.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses be granted for the 1st quarter year 1939:

Mission Tavern 5, Apache Cafe, 2, Apache Bar 5, Fremont Bar 6, Las Vegas Tavern 3, Las
Vegas Club 13, Sal Sagev Tavern 4, Al's Bar 6 and Apache Casino 3 and Apache Casino 5 gambling
devices.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the following sealed package liquor licenses be granted for the year 1939:

Geo. Markisch and C.V.T.Gilbert $75.00 per quarter, Ethel Rapoport and Rose Liquor Store
$125.00 per quarter.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the following retail beverage licenses for the year 1939 be granted. Rate $25.00 per
quarter year: Geo Markisch, James Stahl, Rose Distributing Co. Ethel Rapoport, C.V.T. Gilbert
Las Vegas Club

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and Car-
rie that the following tavern licenses be issued for the year 1939. Rate $250.00 per quarter
year: Ted Konduris, Pilar Santa Cruz, Boulder Bar, Sal Sagev Tavern, Sam Stearns, W.S. Goodwin,

Al Salton, Fremont Tavern, Ethel Rapoport, Peter Pansey, Las Vegas Tavern, Apache Bar and Mis-
sion Bar.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that Harry Anderson be granted a tavern license for 15 Fremont Street, and J. Buren Evans be
granted same at Overland Hotel 4 Fremont Street. Rate $250.00 per quarter.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the following wholesale licenses be granted: Las Vegas Distributing Co; (Wholesale beverage)
Nevada Beverage Co and J T. Watters wholesale liquor licenses.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.