After some discussion on the matter it was decided that the electrician, plumbers and con-
tractors should appear before the Board and state their cases at a time when the City Attorney
would be present.

Dr. Smith, veterinarian appeared before the Board in regard to the class of license re should
pay and it was the unanimous opinion of the Board that Dr. Smith should sign an affidavit and
have his business placed the Section 6 of Ordinance No. 243.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that E.P. Bihlmaier be granted 12 slot machine licenses and Peter Pansey 2.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.



On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried that a watchman be
hired for about ten night as as a watchman over city equipment while the Race meet was in
operation. Rate $5.00 per night.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Krause
voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Friday the 25th day of November, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
NOVEMBER 25th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas Clark County Nevada held on the 25th day of November 1938 at the hour of seven
o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow and Luce, and City Clerk

Absent Commissioners Corradetti and Krause and City Attorney Austin.

The business of collecting the out standing licenses for the 4th quarter year, due under
Ordinance No. 243 was discussed at this time and upon motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by
Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that the Clerk be directed to forward through
the mail to delinquent licenses payers notice that said licenses were now due and must be paid.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow and Luce and Mayor Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Tuesday the 29th day of November, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 29th, 1938.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 29th day
of November 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti, City Clerk and
City attorney.

Minutes of all previous meetings not read were read at this time and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that Ethel Rapoport be granted seven slot machine licences and Bert Smith one.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. noes, none.

The adoption of a new license ordinance was next considered by the members of the Board
and the following entitled ordinance was read to the Board for a first time:

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas licensing, for purposes of regulation and revenue
every kind of business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the corporate
limits of the City of as Vegas, state of Nevada; fixing the rates of license tax upon the
same and providing for the collection of said license tax and a punishment for carrying on or
conducting any such business without a license, and repealing ordinances numbered 1,2,4, 13,

14, 35, 48, 62, 74, 75, 81, 95, 102, 105, 108, 112, 117,145, 184, 192, ad 243. "Vote upon the
adoption of the Ordinance being Commissioners Luce, Krause, and Corradetti and His Honor the
Mayor H.P. Marble voting aye. Absent None. Commissioner Ronnow voting NO.

The Clerk was directed to have said Ordinance known as Ordinance No. 244 published in
the Las Vegas Review, a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas once each week for
two consecutive weeks.