Application to the Federal government for this project's approval was made in August, 1935,
and from the date of application to the present time additional duties involving large amounts of
work, study and time have been assigned to the present city engineer without compensation in
addition to his regular salary on the contingent pasis that is the project be started, the usual
percentage fees should apply. This is further evidenced by the fact that from the inception of the
application, a percentage was set up by the City in conformity with its past actions in such
matters.

The City has advanced funds for assistants to the City engineer, and expects to continue to
do so, and for this reason and since payment for such services are ordinarily figured in the en-
gineering percentage, the estimated amount therefore has been deducted in establishing the amounts
of 2% as a reasonable additional compensation, above regular salary, for the city engineer, as
being the amount which the city would have to pay for similar work had an outside engineer been
employed.

The amount set up is believed to be reasonable, it less than amounts previously paid for
similar work, and no salary limit is placed by the charter other than that placed by the Board
which in this case has been guided by standard charges for similar work as a minimum. The City
engineer is not prohibited from doing wort outside of his regular duties and receiving compen-
sation therefor.

Should the City have engaged another engineer to carry on this project from the beginning
to end it would have been of great inconvenience and grater cost, and necessity demanded that
the City act on the basis which it has and which it deems justified.

Very Truly yours,

L.L. Arnett
Mayor.

February 17, 1937.

State Birector,

Public Works Administration
Gazette Building,

Reno, Nevada.

RE: CITY OF LAS VEGAS NON-ELIGIBILITY FOR
GRANT OF APPLICANTS REGULAR EXPENSES

Dear Sir;

We have come to the conclusion that it is doubtful whether the City Attorney, being em-
ployed upon a regular salary, is entitled to compensation for services performed in connection
with this project.

This will, therefore, advise that no extra compensation for the City Attorney for regular
services performed in connection with this project will be requested.

Very respectfully

L.L. Arnett, Mayor.

Vote on the foregoing motion was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the following Resolution be introduced and passed

WHEREAS, The City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on February 8, 1937, opened bids on Las Vegas Street
Improvement Project designated PWA Docket No. 1021-D Nevada, and has awarded a contract for the
construction of said project, and

WHEREAS, it is necessary to establish a breakdown of the available funds for use during the
construction of the project,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED: That the following breakdown be adopted as the breakdown of
funds for this project:

1.	Preliminary expenses	$200.00

2.	Land, right of way	and easements	NONE

3.	Construction	70,564.00

4.	Engineering, etc.	4,000.00

5.	Legal, adm. stc.	1,600.00

6.	Interest	NONE

7.	Miscellaneous	 NONE

TOTAL	$76,364.00

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.