Attorney A.W. Ham appeared before the Board on behalf of Peter Pansey and ask that the
Board reconsider the matter of the	liquor license held by	Mr. Pansey. Mr.	Pansey, of	his own

violation informed the Board at a Special Meeting on April	23rd if he would	be allowed	the 

privilege of operating his Boulder Liquor Store and the Exchange Tavern until the expiration of
the present quarter, June 30th, 1940, that he would sell out his business. This meeting of April
33rd, 1940 being the outcome of a charge filed by the Juvenile Officer against the employee of
Mr. Pansey charged with the sale of liquor to a minor. With this idea in mind the Board had
allowed the business of Mr. Pansey to operate.

After some discussion on the matter Mr. Ronnow informed Mr. Ham that he had promised the
Grand Jury of Clark County, now in	session, that he would	not vote for the	renewal of	a liquor

license of Mr. Pansey, Mr. Gilbert	and Mr. Corradetti informed Mr. Ham and	Mr. Pansey	that they

too had made such a promise to the Grand Jury.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that Mr. Pansey's application for licenses for the third quarter year be denied.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti voting Aye. His Honor the Mayor and Commis-
sioner Krause voting no.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Recreational Department of the City hire additional help during the summer season.
Namely from June 1st to Sept 1st 1940. Said additional employees being provided for in the Budget.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the report of the Elks' Rodeo Committee presented to the Board at this time be held over for
further investigation before same might be accepted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The matter of appealing to the State Board of Finance in regard to application made and
denied for an emergency loan was considered and on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by
Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the City Attorney draft a letter to the Governor
and ascertain when State Board of Finance would be in session and if the Governor would call
a special meeting of said Board, if said body would not be meeting for sometime.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that Commissioner Ronnow attend said meeting of the State Board of Finance in regard to the
application of the City for permission to float an emergency loan as Commissioner Ronnow was
familiar with all phases of the matter involved, and any expense incurred in making said trip
that the cost of same would be financed by the City.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Com-
missioner Ronnow voting no.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Finance Commissioner Corradetti accompany Commissioner Ronnow to Carson City in the event
a trip to consult with the State Board of Finance became necessary and that his expenses on said
trip be financed by the City.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioners
Ronnow and Corradetti voting No.

Purchasing Clerk LeRoy Whipple was directed to issue bids for the purchase of a street
sweeper. Said bids to be opened Friday the 5th day of July, 1940.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner
Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until
Wednesday the 26th day of June at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon said meeting recessed until Wednesday the 26th day of June at the hour of
seven thirty

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

JUNE 26th, 1940.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 26th day of June, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor us ell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and City Clerk

Minutes of recessed regular meeting of the Board held on the 17th day of June, 1940 read,
and approved as read.	

Mr. W.R. Bracken a member of the State Board of Education appeared before the Board
and ask if the City of Las Vegas would provide housing for the Deputy Supt. of Schools for this
district due to the fact that said department was ask by the Board of Clark County Commissioners
to vacate the office in the Clark County Court House which said Department of Education had used