OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 23rd, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 23rd day of May, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow, City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

Minutes of meetings of May 2nd, 4th and 6th, 1938 read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City Attorney be instructed to prepare a form of lease had between the City of Las
Vegas and Robert Woodruff for lease of the Mermaid Pool covering the time said pool had been
leased to the City of Las Vegas by Samuel Shaw Jr. This lease being had at the recommendation of
the Recreation Board.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time a number of Sub-Contractors appeared before the Board in regard to the recent
proposed amendment to the "Electrical Ordinance." Mr. Williams of the Nevada Electric Company, Jas.
Farndale, T.D.Bettss and T.L. Roberts representing sub-contractors protested the passage
of this amendment. Mr. Sam Gelber also spoke against the amendment. Mayor Marble ask that the partis
interested file their objections in writing and the same would be considered before the adoption
and final passage of the amendment.

Mr. A.H. Harrington appeared before the Board and presented a petition signed by a number
of persons protesting the adoption of an ordinance licencing bicycles in the City. Mr. Harrington
was informed that the protests would be considered before the adoption of said ordinance.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that D.G. Lorenzi be granted a retail beverage license for the year 1938. Same to be used at what
is known as Lorenzi Lake Resort.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that	he following	regular employees of the City	be give	annual	leave of	absence	with	pay:

S.C.Scott	June 6th, to 13th,	inc. ( part of	leave)

Mark Condo	June 1st to 15th "

Ike Pullum	May 24th, to 31st inc.

Ralph Simpson	June 1st to 15th,

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that	the three (3)	bids received for road oil be	referred	to the	purchasing	Clerk	for	checking and

that	he report his	findings to the members of the Board.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time bids for the redecorating of the Library were opened and considered and upon
motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
before excepting any of the bids opened at this time that the City Engineer, Building and Electri-
cal inspector make a thorough examination of the building and report their findings to the Board.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Brimicomb, of the Service Printers appeared before the Board and ask that the City con-
sider the purchase of city directories as same had been prepared by the Service Printers. Said
directories to be placed in various City Offices.

Mr. Marble ask that the Finance Commissioner, Mr. Ronnow look into this matter and report
back to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that report of the Recreation Board also plans of the Board for the summer season be approved
and filed with the Clerk.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

he matter of lights for the ball park was next considered and upon motion of commissioner
Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that all organizations using lights
at the ball park in the future would be required to pay for same.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Friday the 27th day of May, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.