Continued:.

Minutes of a Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of The City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held the 21st, day of November 1940 at the hour of six o'clock P.M.

Present: Mayor John L. Russell, and Commissioners, C.V.T. Gilbert and A. Corradetti. City
Attorney Harry H. Austin, and Deputy City Clerk, Le Roy Whipple.

Absent: Commissioners, Joe S. Ronnow and Herb Krause, City Clerk Viola Burns.

Upon motion by commissioner A. Corradetti, and duly Seconded by Commissioner C.V.T. Gilbert,
it was moved that the City of Las Vegas, Nevada petition the Nevada State Tax Commission, as
requested by letter, a copy which is on file with the City Clerk, to request the expenditures
as set forth in such letter, to the various departments of the City as therein mentioned. On
being put to vote, the vote was as follows: Vote Commissioners, Gilbert and Corradetti Voting
Aye, and His Honor the Mayor Voting No.

At this time Commissioner Gilbert moved, that a certified copy of the minutes of this meeting
accompany such letter to the Nevada Tax Commission, his motion was seconded by Commissioner
Corradetti, and the Vote was, Voting Aye, Commissioners, Gilbert and Corradetti and His Honor
the Mayor; Voting No None*

There being no further business before the meeting at this time upon motion by Commissioner
Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, it was moved and carried that this meeting
adjourn. Vote Commissioners, Gilbert and Corradetti, and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye,

Noes None.

There upon the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
DECEMBER 4th, 1940

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada held on Wednesday the 4th day of December, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Russell, Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Cor-
radetti, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

Mayor Russell stated that as far as possible "Robert's Rules of Order" would be followed
in the conducting of the meetings of the Board of Commissioners.

Minutes of previous meetings read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that warrants Nos. 431 to 438 be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

At petition signed by several property owners asking that the City move the "Borax
Wagons" from Main and Fremont Streets, was read to the Board at this time. Mayor Russell ask
that Commissioner Corradetti look into this matter and report to the Board inregard to secur-
ing another site fDD said wagons.

Mayor Russell ask Commissioner Gilbert if he had a report ready for the Board in regard
to the City taking over the entire War Memorial Bldg from the American Legion Post #8. Com-
missioner Gilbert Reported that a report was not ready and at this time F.E.St John, Post
Adjutant handed the Clerk a written decision from the Post declining the offer of the City
of Las Vegas to purchase the interests of the American Legion Post in said War Memorial Bldg/
This being the answer to the City from the American Legion Commission Gilbert's Committee was
discharged.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that the report of A.G. Blad, Municipal Judge, for the month of November be approved.
Pines collected $187.00.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The report of Fire Chief Case covering the installation of a Butane gas service storage
plat on North Main Street was read to the Board. Fire Chief Case recommended that the appli-
cation of Meyers and Thornton for the license to operate a Butane service station on No.

Main Street be granted provided that they adhere strictly to the letter of the rules of the
National Board of Fire Underwriters.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and car-
ried that Meyers and Thornton be granted a license to operate a Butane gas service station
on North Main Street after accepting the report of H. Case Fire Chief, and that the Board
accent the report of the Fire Chief.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause, and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell voting no.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and
carried that the slot machine application of R.R. Russell for three slot machines and the
application of Balls Second Street Grocery for the operation of one slot machines be granted.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.