1. To grant warrants Nos. 439 to 445.

2.	To award the gasoline contract for 1941

3.	To grant slot machines licenses to E.P. Bihlmaier and MacDonal Hotel.

4.	To consider raise in salaries for the City employees ana the hiring of one or more
paid firemen.

5.	To consider all correspondence.

6. To open all bids on file with the City Clerk at this time.

7. To consider report of Dr. Park on the Municipal Golf Course.

8.	To consider matters pertaining to Municipal Air Port.

City Clerk Viola Burns
By LeRoy Whipple Deputy.

We, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service of
the foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

John L Russell	Joe S Ronnow	Herb Krause	A Corradetti

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner	Commissioner.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 20th, 1940.

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held on the 20th
day of December, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M. on said day.

Present Mayor Russell Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that Warrants Nos. 339 to 445 inclusive be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayorvoting aye. Noes, none.

The Board next took up the correspondence on file with the Clerk. A letter from Earl Davison
and Frank DeVinney asking that ground deeded to the City for use as a golf course be returned to them as
the terms of the deed had not been adhered to was read and on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by
Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that City Attorney Austin take the necessary steps to
return to the original property owners land deed to the City for a golf course as the ground was no longer
being so used. This motion to include all land formerly deeded to the City for golf course purposes re-
gardless of the request coming before the Board at this time.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Letters of resignation of Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti were read to
Board at this time. Said resignations to take effect immediately. However no action was taken at this
time this being a Special Galled meeting and only such matters as were stated in the Call of
Special Meeting being considered said resignations were tabled.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that five slot machine licenses be granted E.P. Bihlmaier and two to the MacDonald Hotel

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti was moved and carried
that all bids on file with the Clerk be rejected unopened.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The awarding of the gasoline contract for 1941 was mentioned at this time and on motion of Com-
missioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that due to the fact
that the written resignations of the Commissioners, namely Mr. Ronnow, Krause, Gilbert and Corradetti
were in the hands of the Clerk and not wishing to enter into any contract that might not be satis-
factory to a future Board that all other matters mentioned in said Call of Special Meeting be deferred
 and that the meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
There upon said meeting adjourned.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

To: Viola Burns, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada.

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada is hereby called
to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office, Thursday the 26th day of
December, 1940 at the hour of three thirty P.M. to consider and act upon the following:

To act upon the Resolution considering the Municipal Air Port as set forth by the C.A.A.

Form AP-4 dated 12-16-40.

Dated this 26th day of December, 1940.

John L. Russell
Mayor.