day of July, 1937 at the hour of four o'clock P.M. on said day to consider and act upon the
following:

1.	To make final application to the PWA for final grant on Las Vegas 1937 Street Improvement
District No. 3, PWA Docket 1021-D.

2.	To sign agreement with J.C. Crain and Sam Shaw Jr. for lease of Mermaid Pool to be used
as a municipal swimming pool, and other matters relating thereto.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the under signed Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due ser-
vice of the foregoing notice of special meeting, and represent that H.L. Perry, Commissioner
is absent from the City of Las Vegas and State of Nevada on this date and his whereabouts
are not easily ascertainable.

L.L. Arnett	Herb Krause	H.P. Marble

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

Joe S. Ronnow
Commissioner

Minutes of a Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 26th day of July, 1937 at the hour of four o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, and Marble Deputy City Attorney Taylor
and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Perry and Ronnow, and City Attorney Austin.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

The Board being satisfied that Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3, the same
being PWA Docket Nevada 1021-D, has been completed agreeably with the contract
entered into on the eighteenth day of February, 1937, between the City and Bebek
and Brkich, for the construction of the said improvement,

IT IS ORDERED: That the said improvement be and the same hereby is accepted. Provided
however, this acceptance shall not be construed as a waiver of any latent defect
in the said improvement, nor does it effect or waive any condition in the maintenance
bond heretofore given, but is for the sole and exclusive purpose of procuring the
final grant of money allotted by the United States for the construction of such im-
provement.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the Board accept the check of $700.00 presented at this time by Paul Madsen,
Director of the Recreational programme. Said Check covered a sum collected by popular
subscription, and the same to be used toward the purchase of the Mermaid Pool, and the lease
on the ground. Said pool to be used as a municipal pool.

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause Seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and car-
ried that the Mayor and Clerk sign the necessary escrow papers for the purchase of the pool
and the lease of the grounds, and that the sum of $1500.00 be given the escrow holder,

Pioneer Title Insurance & Trust Co; to be delivered to J.C. Crain upon the title being
checked and found satisfactory.

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned.