OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK



CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY
NEVADA

MARCH 4th, 1941

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held on the 4th day of March 1941, at the hour of seven thirty P.M..

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

Also present Messrs. Gore, Clark, Kaltenborn and Smith.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City held
on the 28th day of February read.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and
carried that that section of the minutes of the above meeting wherein Messrs. Gore, Kal-
tenborn and Smith participated be stricken from the minutes.

Mayor Russell did not call for vote on the above and foregoing.

Mr. Russell informed those present that he did not refuse to act as Mayor of the City
of Las Vegas but did not recognize Messrs. Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti as Com-
missioners of the City.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved
and carried that Mr. Krause, Mayor Pro Tem of the City be placed in the chair as Mayor
and to conduct this meeting.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell passing
his vote.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved
and carried that the portion of the minutes of the last recessed regular meeting of the
Board, namely those as of date February 28th, 1941 where in Messrs. Gore, Kaltenborn and S
Smith transacted City business be stricken from the records.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved
and carried that Warrants Nos. # 474 to 481 be allowed and that the Mayor Pro Tem and Clerk
sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, it was moved
and carried that three slot machine licenses be granted to E. B. Bihlmiaer for 123 Fremont.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Corradetti and Mayor Fro Tem Krause voting aye, Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of an aerial ladder for the Electrical Department were opened.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved
and carried bid be tabled that new invitations be issued for bids due to the fact that
only one bid was in the hands of the Clerk at this time.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye, Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved
and carried that the report of Municipal Judge A, G. Blad be accepted and approved.

Fines for the month of February $158.00.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye, Noes, none

Bids for the purchase of fire hose were opened at this time and same were handed
Purchasing Clerk LeRoy Whipple for checking and tabulation and also recommendation from
Fire Chief Case. The bids to be considered in the near future.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow and seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was
moved and carried that the claim of the United States Post Office in the sum of $79.12 be
allowed also the claim of R, B. Griffith in the sum of $50.00 be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye, Noes, none.

Messrs. Fleming and Worswick, local architects were present and presented plans to
the Board for the proposed Administration Bldg. at the Municipal Air Port. No action was
taken at this time the same to be considered in the very near future,

A letter from the United States Department of Interior, Fish and Wildlife Service
was read to the Board. This letter was in regard to the fishery located on City owned
property.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow Seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved
and carried that this letter be tabled and that the Board give serious consideration to
same before any action would be taken in this regard.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner
Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that this meeting re-
cess until Thursday the 6th day of March, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M..

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Thursday the 6th day of March at the hour of
seven thirty P.M..

Approved:

Mayor

Attest:

City Clerk