The clerk was directed to write to Mr. Massie stating that garbage at the Kelso-Tumer 
Terrace must be set on the curb of the street or it would not be picked up.

Commissioner Smith moved that Commissioner Rubidoux be allowed to purchase 500# of hickory,

500# palmyra and 500# broom wire. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the purchase order for a bench grinder be picked up from
the General Auto Parts. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that if the purchasing agent was successful in picking up the
purchase order for bench grinder from General Auto Parts that the street department be
authorized to purchase same from Sears Roebuck for approximately $100. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,
Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Smith moved that Commissioner Rubidoux be authorized to purchase 100 tons of
black top for patching the streets for $1.90 per ton as per previous agreement. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the City of Las Vegas present the Chamber of Commerce
with an up to date map of the city. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by 
the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city purchase a grader from Bell & Tiffany for

$5,700. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch, Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that 50 fire plugs, provided they are satisfactory to the fire chief
be purchased from S. W. Darling Company if prices are comparable to the Meuller plug. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,
Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch and Mr. Blackman were appointed as a committee to meet with Mr. Case and
make an investigation as to the needs of the city for adequate fire protection and report
at the next regular meeting.

Commissioner Tinch moved that a desk be purchased from Walter Bates for $25 for the police
department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that warrants 702 to 705 inclusive be allowed and the Mayor and city
clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Commissioner Tinch was out of the room.

A letter from the Civil Aeronautics Administration regarding the insertion of certain provisions
in all existing leases and future leases between the city of Las Vegas and the CAA, was read 
and referred to the city attorney.

A letter from the Chamber of Commerce regarding a central source for housing information was
read and ordered filed.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Mr. Mastrionni in the sum of $18.85 be allowed
and that the claim of Mr. Neilsen be reduced by $28.20 leaving a balance of $60.35.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The recommendation of the Joint Planning Board regarding the zoning of Stewart Addition
as requested by petition was read.

A delegation of property owners from West Side representing the West Side Improvement Group
appeared before the Board requesting the enforcement of Ordinance 264.

Mr. Norton was appointed to work on the zoning problem in West Side.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that six additional policemen be hired for service on the West Side.
Motion seconded By Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the police commissioner be authorized to purchase a secondhand
motorcycle from Jimmy Nevins for the police departments use on West Side. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Francis Aguire for $3 be allowed as witness fee in. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Commissioners Rubidoux and Tinch were out of the room.

Letters from Hampton Brothers, Harrison Stocks and Jas. A Fleming indorsing the adoption of the
1940 Building code were read.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city approve the recommendations of the committee regarding
the 1940 Building Code and instruct the city attorney to draw up an ordinance to amend the
present building ordinance and have same ready for first reading at the next regular meeting of
the Board. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Several letters were read regarding the sanitary conditions of the Oppedyke Dairy.

A report from the Clark County Health Center stating that in their opinion the Dairy was not a