OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 5th, 1939

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 5th day of September, 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Gilbert, City Attorney and Clerk

Absent Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Krause appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills of the Police and Fire Depts.
owing to the absence of the Commission of that department Mr. Corradetti.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that warrants Nos. 213 to 222 be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board held on the 29th day of August read and
approved as read.

Commissioner Gilbert presented to the Board plans of the driveways or approaches to the
proposed new Union Pacific Depot. After some discussion on the plans as presented to the Board
it was decided that the City Planning Commission be consulted and that this Board make recom-
mendation to the Board as to what in its opinion appeared to be the best entrance to the site.

T he Clerk was directed to inform the members of the Planning Commission of the decision
of the Board of Commissioners and to ask them to met with the Commissioners of Streets Mr. Gilbert
Monday the 11th day of September, at the hour of three o'clock in the Clerk's office.

The Clerk read to the Board two (2) letters from the State Engineer addressed to C.D. Baker
informing him that the City hadnot filed proper papers in regard to completion of work and certi-
ficate of use of water, as same is required by law, ingerad to city owned wells.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved that the Clerk
write the State Engineers office that Mr. Baker was not longer employed as City Engineer and that
in the future all communications should be addressed to the City Clerk's Office. That the State
Engineers Office, if possible, furnish the City a brief of the wells owned by the City.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Bernard Burger, of the Recreational Department be granted vacation from Sept. 6th to 18th,

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

the business of furnishing materials to be used in a base supporting the "Utah Pioneers"
place on No. 5th was considered and on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner
Krause it was moved and carried that the City furnish such material as might be needed in the
placing of the "Utah Pioneers" plaque.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The matter of the City sending a representative to San Francisco at the time of the unveiling
of the Boulder Dam Model Saturday September 9th was considered.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved that the
City send a representative to San Francisco to participate in the unveiling of the Boulder Dam
model Saturday the 9th day of September and that the sum of $100.00 be allowed toward the expenses
of the trip.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Commissioner Ronnow represent the City of Las Vegas in San Francisco Sept. 9th, 1939.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

Mayor Russell brought to the attention of the Commissioners the condition of the power line
and poles of the Southern Nevada Power Company in the City of Las Vegas. Mayor Russell informed
the members that some of the poles were being over loaded with power lines, and some of the poles
were in poor repair.

Mr. Russell ask that the Commissioners of Water Sewer and Lights, Mr. Krause to make a
report of the conditions of the power lines as he found them and report back to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that claims in the sum of $250.00 to Harold Case and $75.00 to A.L. Drew be drawn on the 

unappropriated surplus.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Gil-
bert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until
Saturday the 16th day of September. 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon said meeting recessed until Saturday the 16th day of September, 1939 at 7:30 P.M.