Office of the City Clerk City of
Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada.

April 4th, 1939

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County Nevada held on the 4th day of April, 1939 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause, City Attorney end Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Corradetti.

he application of Mike Silvagni for the operation of three gambling devices at 131
Fremont Street came before the Board for consideration, and upon motion of Commissioner Ronnow
seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the license for the operation of
three gaming devices for Mike Silvagni be granted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow,	and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the renewal of all slot machine and gambling licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that all retail beverage licenses applied for under Ordinance No. 246 be granted. Same being granted
to the following persons: (Rate $37.50 Per quarter year)

W.R.Van Eaton,	Modern Food Shop

E D Ciliax	R.D.Gard

Edward Tip Rowe	Gabe Lopez

James Stahl	Grace Bates

J.K. Houssels	James Sill

Frank Kernan	Safeway Stores Inc

Vote on the granting of said licenses being as follows: Commissioners Ronnow, Luce
and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the following sealed package liquor licenses be granted. Rate $162.50 per quarter year.

C.V.T.Gilbert	$162.50	Jake Ensley	

J.W. Mc Michael	Morris Rose

Geo Markisch	Ethel Rapoport

A.T.Spatz

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that Thos. Doobrovo be granted a whole beverage license rate $37.50 per quarter year.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Ronnow and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and car-
ried that James L Elliott be granted a retail beverage license. Rate $37.50 per quarter. (This
is a new application and approved by D Mackey Chief of Police)

Vote Commissioners Krause Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the bid of Roberts and Cravens for the repair to roofs of the Scout Cabins be accepted
Bid price $147.45.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the bid of the Woitishek Lumber Co. in the sum of $36.48 be accepted. Said paint to be used
on the City Barns.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
Le Roy Whipple Purchasing Clerk itemize bids on tires and list same and hand to Commissioner
Corradetti for approval for purchase of tires for Police Dept cars.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Wm Gore appeared before the Board and reported that the carpenter shop of W.C. Jorgensen
at 401 No 7th Street was being operated in violation of the City Ordinances and causing noises
that were objectional to the residents of that area. Mr Gore was informed that Mr Jorgensen
might operate this carpenter shop of the use of himself but not allowed to take in work for other

persons.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and car-
ried that Jerry Masek be granted permission to move a house from the Artesian Hights district to
the Russel track on Westside.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

0 motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Mayor H.P. Marble sign the application for "water filing" and that the Clerk forward
same to the State Engineer with the necessary fee.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that warrants Nos 126 to 132 inclusive being for material and salary for the month of April be
allowed, that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until the 10th day of April, 1939 at the hour of 7 o'clock P.M.