You will govern your selves accordingly.

Helen Scott - City Clerk
By. Le Roy Whipple. Deputy.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE.

We, the undersigned Mayor Pro tem, and commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, hereby admit due
service of the foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

C.R. "Pat" Clark	M.C. Tinch	A.P. Rubidoux.

Mayor Pro Tem.	Commissioner	Commissioner.

Minutes of a Special Meeting	of the Board of Commissioners of the	City of	Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada held	on the 21st,	day of July 1941 at the hour of 7:30	o'clock	P.M.

Present: Mayor Protem, C.R. "PAT" Clark, Commissioners, M.C. Tinch, and A.P. Rubidoux.

Paul Ralli, City Attorney and Le Roy Whipple. Dept. City Clerk.

Absent: Mayor Howell C. Garrison, Commissioner Arthur F. Smith, Sr. City Clark Helen

Scott.

The purpose of the meeting being called was to consider the granting by the City to the Pioche
Power Company, an easement	over certain	City property within the vicinity of	the Las	Vegas

Municipal Airport for the	change over	of said power line from its present location	to the	new

location as requested by the government. The present location of said power line to be used
as runways for the government gunnery school air field.

After discussion upon the matter, upon motion of Commissioner Rubidoux, and seconded by Commissioner 

Tinch, the following agreement was adopted.

THIS INDENTURE, made and entered into this 21st, day of July, 1941 by and between the CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, a municipal corporation of the State of Nevada, duly organized and existing under
and by virtue of Chapter 132 of the 1911 Statues of Nevada, as amended, acting by and through
its duly constituted governing body, to-wit;

Its Board of Commissioners, composed of a mayor and four commissioners, Party of the First
Part, hereinafter called the GRANTOR, and LINCOLN COUNTY POWER DISTRICT NO. 1, a municipal

corporation of the State of Nevada, with offices at Pioche, Lincoln County, Nevada, party of the
Second Part, hereinafter called the GRANTEE:

WITNESSETH:

That for and in consideration of the sum of ONE ($1.00) DOLLAR, lawful money of the United
States, this day in hand paid by the Grantee to the Grantor, receipt of which hereby acknowledged,
and other good and valuable consideration, and subject to all the terms and conditions hereof, the
Grantor, does hereby grant to the Grantee, its successors or assigns, a right of way one hundred
twenty (120') feet in width, with the right , privilege and authority, to construct, erect, alter,
improve, repair, operate and maintain, an electric transmission line consisting of steel or wooden
towers and steel or wooden poles, with necessary guys and anchors, together with transmission
wires, insulators and crossarms placed thereon, and all others necessary of convenient appurten-
ances connected therewith, across, over and upon the following described lands and premises,
situated in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, to-wit

Commencing at station 5-87 on relocation survey, from which the south East Corner of Section
33, T.19 S., R. 62 E., bears South 1129.2 feet: thence west along center line of said Survey
571.8 feet to P.1. 11-59; thence s.180 48' W. 6512 to P.O.T. on property line, being
station 67-71, from which the South quarter corner of Section 4, T.20 S., R. 62 E. bears South
310 feet, together with 60 feet on each side of the center line of said relocation survey and
being a portion of SE¼ SE¼ Sec. 33, T.19 S., R. 62 E. and the N.½ the SW¼ NE¼ and the W½
of SE¼ Sec. 4 T. 20, S. R. 62. E. M.D.M. and containing 19.514 Acres, more or less, which
legal description is fully depicted and shown on a certain map which is hereto attached,
incorporated herein, hereby referred to and by such reference made apart hereof.

The Grantee is also hereby granted the right from time to time, to increase of decrease the
size, weight or number, and to change the position of the poles, guys, anchors, wires, insulators,
crossarms and appurtenances which may be constructed or installed in or upon the right of way
granted.

IT IS FURTHER AGREED:

1.	That the Grantee, its successors or assigns, shall at all times have ingress to, and egress
from said land for the purpose of constructing, repairing, renewing, altering, changing, patrolling,
and operating said transmission line.

2.	That the Grantee shall pay to the Grantor, its successors or assigns, such sum of money
as may be equal to any damage the Grantee, its successors or assigns, may at any time cause to

any buildings, fences, crops, animals, or other property of the Grantor, its successors or assigns,
by reason of the construction, maintenance, or repair of said transmission line.

3. That the Grantee, its successors or assigns, will at all times save and hold harmless the
Grantor, its successors or assigns, of and from any and all loss, damage, or liability it may
suffer or sustain by reason of any injury or damage through the person of property of another
caused by negligent construction, maintenance, or operation of said communications and transmission
 lines; Provided, however, that if any suit or action be begun against the Grantor, its
successors or assigns, for the recovery of any such damage, then and in that event the Grantor,

its successors or assigns, shall deliver to the proper officer of agent of the Grantee, the
Service Copy of the Complaint and summons in any such action a reasonable time before the
expiration of the time to plead, and the Grantee, its successors or assigns, shall have the right,
at its own cost and expense to defend any such suit or action.

4.	That the Grantee, its successors or assigns, shall at all times have the right to cut brush
and timber standing or growing upon the said lands of the Grantor, which in the opinion of the
Grantee constitute a menace or danger to said transmission line: and all brush so cut shall be
removed or burned the the Grantee in the manner and at the time required by law, and so as to cause
the lease danger to other property.

5.	That the Grantor, its successors or assigns, shall not discharge any dynamite of other