for the first time and adopted by the following vote, Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.	

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 227, and the Clerk was forth with directed to cause
said Ordinance No. 227 to be published once each week for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas
Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Mayor Arnett at this time presented to the Board a check for $26.07 from the National Com-
mittee of the Presidents Birthday Ball. This sum representing the City's portion of the telegraphed
greetings to the President on this Birthday, January 30th, 1937.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the check be handed the Junior Chamber of Commerce for disposal, as this organization had so
efficiently handled the Presidents Birthday ball.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
Commissioner Marble being excused before the vote was called.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that all gaming and slot machine license applications presented to the Board at this time be
granted.

Vote being Commissioners Krause, and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted to W.J. Lincoln at 217 No. Main Street.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Thursday the loth day of July, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 15th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 15th day of July, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Marble, Deputy
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry sand Harry Austin city Attorney.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City give the sum of $12.50 per month to the Nevada State Employment office for the
maintenance of said office in the City of Las Vegas. The Sum of $12.50 being agreed upon to
conform with the amount given by the County of Clark toward the maintenance of the office, and
that this motion and sum supercede the motion of June 1st, 1937.That the sum of $12.50 be
given the State Employment bureau from July 1st to Dec. 31st, 1937.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

The Clerk at this time read a letter to the Board from W.J. Flowers, Mgr. Vegas Credit Bur-
eau stating that the sum of $5.00 was all in his opinion that a license should be covering his
collection agency, and enclosing a check in that amount.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be instructed to write Mr. Flowers and return his check for $5.00 and inform him
that the Board was not permitted to regulate licenses in the City except by ordinance and to
change the rate of collection agencies would require the cost of printing quite a lengthy ordin-
ance and at this time the Board did not consider this advisable, but would bear in mind such
change when other changes were made in the license ordinance.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that all slot machine license applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Krause Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage and a retail sealed package license license for the year 1937 be granted
to A.T. Spatz for 101 Carson Street.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Worswick, again appeared before the Board and ask if the revising of the electrical,
and plumbing ordinances in the City were being considered as several buildings were being considered
if modifications were made in the above mentioned ordinances. Mr. Worswick was informed that as
soon as Mr. Austin, City Attorney returned to Las Vegas the matter would be given consideration.

Mr. Paps, who is considering the building of an auto court in the South Addition of the
City of Las Vegas also urged the Board to take steps toward the amending of the electrical and
plumbing ordinances.

D.G. Lorenzi, owner of Lorenzi Resort in the City of Las Vegas appeared before the Board
with an inventory of his property and offered same to the city at price of $70,000.00.