The business of appointing a new police officer came before the Board at this time and
the name of Al Kahre was submitted by Commissioner Corradetti.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that Al Kahre be appointed as a regular police officer of the City of Las Vegas and the wages
be placed at $150.00 per month.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner luce at this time moved that that the salaries of men employed on sewer
work be established as follows: B.W.Snider $140.00 per month, Henry Wilson $130.00 per month and
Fred Tisdial $130.00 per month.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the salary of A.L. Drew be $150.00 per month and that the payment of same be divided 50%
as electrical inspector and City Electrician, 50 %

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that Cliff Whitmore be employed for 60 days, rate of wage $5.00 per day and that the time
be divided between the street department and the Pound.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was roved and carried
that Bernard Burger be employed as Recreational Director until the further order of the Board.
Salary $125.00 per month.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that C.H. Jameson be employed as care taker for the fire truck at the rate of $50.00

per month.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

The matter of providing vacations for City employees was next considered and after some
discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it
was moved and carried that all employees of the City of Las Vegas on regular payroll for six
months be allowed one weeks vacation with pay and all employees on the regular payroll for twelve
months be allowed two weeks vacation with pay.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that six days constitute a week for all City employees.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
JANUARY 4th 1939.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 4th day of January, 1939 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti, City Clerk and
City Attorney.

The matter of adjusting the salary of Jas Williams, night patrolman was considered by the
Board at this time and upon motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it
was moved and carried that Mr. Williams receive the sum of $75.00 per month from the City to
apply toward salary of Mr. Williams, as the City's protion.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

None.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that H.H. Austin, City Attorney receive the some of $250.00 per month as salary where as same
had been $200.00 per month.

Vote Commissioners Krause Ronnow, Luce and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that claims and warrants Nos. 68 to 78 inclusive be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.