1.	Shortage in payment is eliminated that might occur when counting large sums of money in many
small parcels and in odd amounts.

2. It is dangerous to keep a large sum of money available in the temporary quarters that circum-
stances require the contractor to keep, and where no vault is available for safe keeping.

3.	Should it become necessary to dismiss a worker, it would be very awkward and inconvenient to
have cash on the job site to cover such contingencies.

4.	The contractor has established a checking account in the First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Ample funds will be kept there at all times to cover payrolls.

Respectfully submitted
Bebek and Brkich

By T.G. Hawley.	

Vote on the foregoing motion was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor	

the Mayor voting aye.	Noes, none.	

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be directed to write the School Board of the City of Las Vegas and ask that they
present detailed plans for the vacating of Eighth and Lewis Streets and plans of the proposed
parking area to be constructed near the High School Gymnasium. That the same be presented to the
Board for consideration in the very near future.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.	

Noes, none.	

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
this Board go on record as approving the bill introduced by Messrs. Cline and Farndale, in the
State Assembly, at the State Legislature now is session in Carson City, Nevada. Said Bill known
as Assembly Bill No. 204, and is an act amending the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioners Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the following letter be spread upon the minutes of this meeting.

Carson City, Nevada,

February 23, 1937.

Viola Burns, City Clerk,

City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Madam:

I have your letter of February 15, 1937, written by order of the Board of Commissioners
 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, requesting that Colorado River Commission of Nevada to set an
early date for the resumption of the hearing upon the application of the City of Las Vegas for an
allotment of power from Boulder Dam.

The Clerk of the Supreme Court has informed me that the respondents in this action have
advised that they will petition for a rehearing before the Supreme Court and that the court will	

hear the petition for rehearing and dispose of it on or about March 10, 1937.

No action toward a resumption of the postponed hearings on the application of Las
Vegas will be taken by the Colorado River Commission prior to final disposal of the suit by the
Supreme Court.

Very Truly yours,

Alfred Merritt Smith,

Secretary Colorado River Commission of Nevada.

Vote on the motion was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Monday the 1st day of March, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 1st, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City Las Vegas,
held on the 1st day of March 1937, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble
and Perry, City Attorney and Clerk, also A.W.Blackman, Auditor.

This being the time set for the adoption of the budget of the City of Las Vegas for the
year 1937, and Mr. Blackman having prepared the form of budget as same is prescribed by law and
the Nevada State Tax Commission the Board at once entered into a discussion on the matter.

After due consideration on the matter on motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner
Down it was moved and carried that the budget for the year 1937 be adopted in he following form: