ers Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

This ordinance in known as ordinance No. 251 and in full force and effect after this reading.

Mayor Russell ask that A.W. Blackman, City Auditor at this time explain the budget figures as
set forth in the budget adopted by the Board of City Commissioners February 5th, 1940 and to
also explain certain figures in the annual report.

Mr. Blackman explained in detail the figures and how same were arrived at in the compilation
of the Budget and report. In looking over the annual report Mr. Blackman admitted an error in
the placing of certain figures and informed the Board that a corrected page would be placed in the
annual report.

The adoption of an amended budget was considered and Mayor Russell ask for additional time
to look over the prepared amended budget before signing same and it was the opinion of the members
of the Board that no action be taken on this matter until the meeting of April 4th, 1940.

The following petition was read to the Board:

To The Honorable Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada.	

We the undersigned Real Property owners and Taxpayers within the boundary designed by section
2, of ordinance No. 252, as amended, or proposed to be amended reading as follows, to Wit: That is
to say, that is to say, that portion of said proposed amendment taking in,"all lots fronting on
Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth, From Stewart Street to Carson
Street; all lots fronting on the south side of Stewart Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street
all lots fronting on the north side of Carson Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street; all lots
fronting on Ogden Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street; That part of the aforementioned
territory, coming within the boundary of Eighth Street to Tenth Street and from Fremont Street to
Carson Streets has been covered by Petition which is on file with City Clerk, Viola Burns: under
date March 19th, 1940. NOW, further petition you, by covering the additional territory.

We hereby protest the passage of the above ordinance and the zoning of the above-described prop-
erty as a business district, was read to the Board. Said Petition was signed by approximately
sixty property owners.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that this petition be file until such time as the proposed Zoning Ordinance was considered for a
second reading.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that L.M. Speer be granted a tavern license for operation at the Golden Camel, 110 No 1st Street,
and that the Fremont Tavern Inc. be granted a tavern license for 105 so 1st Street at the Cinnabar
Club.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that all gaming licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted with the exception of the lic-
ense of V.K. Jones.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that V.K. Jones be granted a license to operate a sit machine at the Lido Bar 107 No 1st Street.

This to be for the 2nd quarter year.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner
Corradetti voting No.

Commissioner Corradetti stated that his reason for voting no was that he did not look with
favor upon persons owning slot machines placing same in places of business before securing a lic-
ense to operate the same.

Mr. Tinch of the American Legion appeared before the	Board in regard to securing permission

to	erect a fight arena at the rear of the Nevada Bar. Said	arena to be operated by the American

Legion. This to be an open air arena.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that permission be granted the American Legion to erect this arena provided the side walls or
fence would be 20ft in height.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Mayor Russell appointed Commissioners Ronnow and Corradetti as a committee to met with the
Elk's Lodge and discuss with that organization plans for the holding of the annual Rodeo sponsored
by	the Elks' Lodge, and to present to that organization a	plan whereby the City would	share in	the

profits from the rodeo. Same being held on the race track	at the City park.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that City purchase stamped envelops from the U.S. Post Office in the cum of $122.00.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the City purchase 300 trees from the Nevada Nursery in the sum of $30.00. Said trees to be
used at the golf course.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk was instructed to write Mrs. Loretta Goodfellow that the plans presented to the
Board by her for the erection of a drinking fountain at 9th & Fremont met with the approval of
the Board.

No further business appearing before the Board on Motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded
by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none. There upon said meeting adjourned.

Attest:	Clerk	Approved:	 Mayor