Mayor Russell transferred Commissioner Ronnow to the office of Street Commissioner from the office
of Finance Commissioner and placed Commissioner Corradetti as Finance Commissioner removing him
from the office of Police and Fire Commissioner Commissioner Gilbert was placed in charge of the
Police and Fire Commission being removed from Street Commissioner. Commissioner Krause was left
in charge of the Water, Sewer and Light Department.

Commissioner Ronnow ask Mayor Russell to be left in his position as Finance Commissioner but
Mayor Russell informed Mr. Ronnow that he was desirous of having him take charge of the Street
Department.

Oh motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that
Blackman, City Auditor, be paid an additional $50.00 as he had spent considerable time on
preparing the City Budget for the year 1940.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Ronnow informed the Board that he, with Commissioner Corradetti and Commissioner
Gilbert had met with a committee from the American Legion in regard to the City taking over the
War Memorial Building and that the necessary Resolution would be prepared and presented to the
Board at the next meeting asking that the City place the sum of $10,000.00 in escrow at the
First National Bank to be used toward the purchase of the building.



Commissioner Ronnow informed the Board that Senator Pittman would be in Las Vegas in the near
future and suggested to the Board that it get in touch with the Senator and see if the Bureau
of Fisheries would construct a proper wall at said fish hatchery located on City owned ground
southwest of the City of Las Vegas so that the overflow of water would be curbed. Commissioner
Gilbert suggested that the City look into the matter of having the hatchery abandoned.

Mayor Russell ask that Commissioner Ronnow meet with Senator Pittman and take these matters
up with him upon his arrival in Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
this meeting recess until Friday the 16th day of February, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Friday the 16th day of February 1940 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 16th, 1940

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 16th day of February, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow, seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the minutes of a recessed regular meeting held on the 9th day of February, 1940 be corrected
to read as follows:

The purchase of four (4) fire hydrants by the City was considered at this time and the tab-
ulation of bids opened at a previous meeting was presented to the Board. Fire Commissioner Cor-
radetti ask that the Clerk read a letter from Fire Chief Case recommending to the Board the
purchase of Meuller Columbian Fire Hydrants as it appeared to the Volunteer fire Dept of the City
of Las Vegas that this make of hydrant was the best for this department.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and car-
ried that the City purchase four fire hydrants of the Meuller Columbian type from the Standard
Wholesale Supply Company. Bid price $284.00

Commissioner Gilbert called for question and upon being put to vote the vote was Commis-
sioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting for the purchase of the fire hydrants and
his Honor the Mayor voting no.

Mayor Russell ask that the minutes show he voted no because he was opposed to the pur-
chase of said hydrants for the reason in his opinion another brand namely Pacific States, was of
the same quality and the price bid was $208.00

Mayor Russell informed Commissioner Corradetti that he was going to transfer him to some
other department of the City and appoint some other of the Commissioners to the Commission
of Police and Fire Commissioner.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and car-
ried that the warrants Nos. 303 to 308 be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting

aye.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation in the County of Clark State of
Nevada, did, on or about the 12th day of September, A.D. 1935, enter into a lease with the Las
Vegas Post Number 8, The American Legion, Department of Nevada, a corporation, which lease
was on the 3rd day of June, A.D. 1936, recorded in he office of the County Recorder of Clark
County, Nevada, in Book 12 of Miscellaneous at pages 8 and 9 thereof, and by the terms of which
said lease the City did lease and let unto said American Legion Post for the term of fifty years
from and after the 1st day of September, A.D. 1935, at the annual rental of $1.00, the following
described land:	

Commencing at the northeast corner of Block thirty-three- (33) of Clark's Las Vegas

Townsite on file and of record in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nev-
ada, thence East along the prolongation of the easterly ling of said Block 33 N. 28°13'E.