WHEREAS it is necessary that the said sum of ten thousand dollars so placed in said bank to re-
tire said bonds to returned to the said City of Las Vegas and made available to it for the pur-
poses of carrying on its regular governmental functions; and

WHEREAS it became necessary for said City to make the said purchase of said War Memorial Build-
ing during the said month of February, or not at all; and

WHEREAS the Board of Commissioners of said City deemed it advisable to make said purchase in order
to maintain the Auditorium in said Building contained as and for a public auditorium for present
and future use, and also the remodeling of the downstairs front rooms of said building as and for
city offices and city hall purposes; and

WHEREAS the said City of Las Vegas is badly in need of additional room for its City Library and
the room now being used as the City Clerk's office which adjoins the said Library, will furnish
such room and fill such need, if vacated as and office for the said City Clerk; and
WHEREAS the downstairs portion of said War Memorial Building, in front of said large auditor-
ium room, can be converted into office rooms sufficient to meet all of the present needs of said
City; and

WHEREAS the expense thereof, consisting of moving the present stairway, moving certain trans-
formers, altering the entrance, moving certain partitions and remodeling said front portion for
use as City Offices, together with the expense of additional	will amount to the sum

of five thousand ($5,000) dollars; and

WHEREAS the said Board of Commissioners of said City did at the time of consummating such purchase
, intend to apply for and make an emergency loan from said bank in the sum of twenty thous-
and dollars ($20,000.00) to cover the purchase price of said building and its equipment and the
remodeling of the downstairs portion thereof; and

WHEREAS there are at present no funds in the treasury of said City not allocated to other pur-
poses, which can be used for such prupose, and by reason of the foregoing facts an emergency
exists sufficient to warrant said City in making a loan of twenty thousand dollars ($20,000.00)
which can be obtained from the First National Bank of Nevada, Las Vegas, Branch, at a rate of
interest not to exceed five percent per annum:

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, that the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada do borrow from the said First National Bank of Nevada,

Las Vegas Branch, the sum of twenty thousand dollars ($20,000.00) for the tern of two and one-
half years with interest at a rate not to exceed five percent per annum; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor of said City of Las Vegas and the City Clerk be, and they
are authorized and empowered to make, execute and deliver a promissory note, or promissory notes
on behalf of said City, aggregating said sum of twenty thousand ($20,000.00) to be redeemable at
the option of said Board at any time when money is available in the emergency loan fund of said
City, to be levied by said City and include in its budget for the years 1940 and 1940 as pro-
vided by law.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

the second reading of the amended zoning Ordinance coming before the Board for consideration and
a number of persons being present interested in having said ordinance adopted spoke in favor of
said ordinance. Attorney Hinman, Attorney Jones, E.A. Clark, Murray Wollman, A.C. Delkin, Claude
Sargent and Sam Mikulich each spoke in favor of said ordinance. Dr. Balcom and Van Santongue
ask if such a thing was possible that they would like their names stricken from a petition
circulated protesting the enactment of said ordinance as they each felt that they had signed said
petition without fully understanding the full nature of said petition.

Mr. Fitzgerald, spoke against the adoption of the ordinance but ask that a petition be circulated
among the signers of said petition and if 51% of the original signers sighed this new petition
stating that the subject had been misrepresented to them he was willing to with draw his protest.
An ordinance entitled: An Ordinance to amend Section 2 as amended of Ordinance No. 168 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An ordinance of the Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, Establish-
ing a residence district, industrial and commercial districts within the said City of Las Vegas;
defining such districts; declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain, or operate certain
factories, works, or establishments within said residence districts and said commercial districts;
regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and rebuilding of certain works
or establishments in said districts; providing penalties for the violation of said ordinance and
repealing ordinances in conflict herewith," was read to the Board for a second time and adopted
by the following vote: Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the
Mayor voting no. Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

Mayor Russell made the following state after the vote was taken: I want the minutes to show that
my reason for voting No are as Follows:

1.	That the City Commission has never had a petition presented to them that was signed by any
property owners of this district asking that this zoning Ordinance No. 229 be changed from Resid-
ential to Commercial.

2.	That there are on file in the City Clerk's office petitions signed by many property owners
in this district in which they state they do not want this zoning Ordinance changed.

3.	That the proposed Ordinance No. 252 was presented to the Commission by Mr. Harry Austin, the
City Attorney at the request of Mr. Roscoe Thomas.

Attorney Jones informed the Board that persons were interested in the purchase of property at
the N.E. corner of Fourth and Fremont on which to erect a hotel but before entering into any
agreement would like to know the opinion of the members of the Board in regard to issuing a
tavern and casino license for that location.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
this Board of Commission look with favor upon granting a license for a tavern and casino at the
N E Corner of Fourth and Fremont Streets at such time as same may be housed in a suitable build-
ing.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that in the opinion of this Board a suitable building as mentioned in the above motion should
contain four to five storys, sixty rooms and coast not less than $150,000.00.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

A. Mr. Jones appeared before the Board in regard to renewing his mercantile license. On recommend-
ation of the Chief of Police this license had not been renewed by the Clerk at such time as Mr.
Jones ask for license for the 2nd quarter year. Mr. Jones ask the Board to allow him until April
25th to operate as he had made arrangements to use a business location until that time.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that Mr. Jones be denied a license for the reason the Chief of Police recommended that no further
license be issued to said Mr. Jones.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.