OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA

OCTOBER 9th, 1939

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 9th day of October, 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and Clerk.

Minutes of regular meeting held October 4th read and approved as read.

A letter from the Nevada Day Executive Committee was read to the Board asking that the City
take part in the celebration to take place October 29th, 30th and 31st. As the City had already
decided to take part in this event on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause
it was moved and carried that the Clerk write the Executive Committee and inform them that the City
would enter a float in the parade to be held on October 31st, and also that the Board of Commissioners
would be in attendance. Vote was Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

A policy covering fire insurance on the house at the golf course south of the City on Highway 91
from O.A. Kimball for the year oct 23rd 1939 to Oct 23rd, 1940 was presented to the Board for con-
sideration.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that this policy be secured. Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter from Mark Condo, day desk sargeant at the Police Station thanking the Board of Com-
missioners for the opportunity of attending a meeting of the Southern C California Association of
Finger Print Officers was read at this time.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the Officer Condo be given the sum of $20.00 to reinburse
him for the cost of the trip to El Monte, California to attending the meeting of the Southern
California. Association of Finger Print Officers. Commissioner Gilbert seconded the motion.

Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and car-
ried that retail beverage licenses be granted to W.J Lincoln add Verna Williams. Applications be-
ing in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The Clerk presented to the Board the application of the Las Vegas Club for a "race horse
Keno game".

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioners Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the application of the Las Vegas Club for a "Race Horse Keno Game" license be held over
until such time as the application of the Northern Club for a similar game would be settled.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Mrs Rapoport appeared before the Board and ask if it would be permissible under the ordinance
governing the sale of liquor in "sealed package liquor stores" to sell Scotch Whiskey in quantities
less than one pint.

Mrs Rapoport was informed that under the present ordinance sales of whiskey in sealed packages
of less than one pint were not allowed.

Mr. Bert O'Donnell of the Las Vegas Junior Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board
and ask that the following letter be spread on the minutes of this meeting:

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 9, 1939

Honorable John Russell, Mayor,

City Counsel.

Dear Sirs:

The Junior Chamber of Commerce in an effort to beautify the City of Las Vegas has appoint-
ed a committee to act upon the City Beautification.

This Committee has as a result of it's observation, found that the corner of Pth and Fremont
Streets, upon which is operated Mr. Stock's Planing Mill, is very unsightly and that it is viewed
by all tourists upon entering and leaving the City of Las Vegas. The Committee has called upon Mr.
Stocks and found him very congenial and very willing to co-operate and has has stated that later
he will attempt to clean this lot up. However, it has been the experience of the committee,
especially in the case of Mr. Bill Mendelsohn, that although promises were made that the promises
were not carried out.

It has also been called to the attention of the committee that Mr. Stocks is soon to make
application for a building permit so that he may build a new are house and planing mill on this pro-
perty. This will of course, assure us that this type of business will be carried on on one of the
front streets of our city for many years. It seems quite reasonable that if debris and scrap
lumber are found in connection with the planing mill now located on this property that this will be
true in the years to come.