OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

LAY 27th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 27th day of May, 1938, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

PRESENT Mayor Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow, City Attorney and Clerk. Mr. Luce was
also present but unable to enter into the business of the meeting owing to the fact that his bond
had not been approved by Kenneth Earl, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

Mr. Sweeney of the Pioneer Title Insurance Company appeared before the Board in regard to search-
ing titles of the ground occupied by the Clark County Court House, Library and Clerk's Office and lots
occupied by the Fire Hall and Police Depts.

Hr. Sweeney was requested to prepare an estimate of the cost of same and report to the Board
at an early date.

Mr. Claude Lackey of the W.P.A. appeared before the Board with the map of the proposed golf
course to be constructed on ground owned by the City near the fish hatchery.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that
the map of the plans for the golf course be approved by the Commission.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
Mr. Mackey through the W.P.A. make application for 20,000ft of sidewalk, curb and gutter construction.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, None.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board for its consideration a letter received from Judge Orr
representing the Las Vegas Golf Association wherein said Association ask that A.J. Drews Golf Pro
be given employment on the construction of the new course.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the letter be handed to Commissioner Krause for investigation and recommendation to the Board.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Krause presented the Board a letter from the Las Vegas Land & Water Company wherein said
company ask permission to rent City road equipment.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that
said equipment be rented to the Las Vegas Land & Water Company provided there was not a duly licensed
construction company in possession of suitable equipment which could be rented to the Las Vegas Land
and Water Company.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

he matter of employing a suitable person to be used as a "dog catcher" was brought before the
Board for Consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the Chief of Police secure the services of a suitable person to be used as "dog catcher" for a
short period, and that the same be paid from the General Fund of the City.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

C.D. Baker, City Engineer reported to the Board that a number of property owners abutting on
present sewer systems had not availed them selves of this opportunity and in some places creat-
ing very insanitary conditions. Mr. Baker also ask permission to forward a form letter to such pro-
perty owners.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
Mr. Austin, City Attorney draft a suitable letter informing property owners that it was necessary that
immediate steps be taken to connect with sewers were same were available and were not being used.

Said letter to be signed by Mr. Baker, City Engineer.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.	the

bid

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that of
George H. Wood, of Pasadena, California, for audit of the books of the City of Las Vegas be accepted,
that the Clerk be directed to inform Mr. Wood of the decision of the Board and to thank the other
bidders for their interest in this matter.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The business of appointing a member to fill the unexpired term of O.W. Yates, deceased, on
the City Planning Board was next considered, and upon motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Com-
missioner Krause it was moved and carried that M.M. Sweeney be appointed to fill the unexpired term
of O.W. Yates, deceased. Said term to expire May 25th, 1941.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that W.R Smith, City Meat and Milk Inspector be granted vacation leave from June 3rd to 20th, 1938

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be instructed to forward proof of water wells at the disposal plant and park.

Said proof to be accompanied by the sum of $1.00 for each filing.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.