Minutes of a Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 22nd day of August,
1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and
City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

Mr. C.J Mackey of the Local W.P.A. office met with the Board at this time and outlined a
City Beautification Programme as same is provided under the W.P.A. and after some discussion on
the matter Mayor Russell appointed the following Commissioners as a Committee to work with Mr.
Mackey in outlining a definite programme for the City, Commissioners Ronnow and Krause.

The granting of permission to Hilderbrands United Shows for permission to operate in the
City for one week about Sept. 16th was considered by the Board, and on motion of Commissioner
Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that permission be granted
Hilderbrand's Shows to operate in the City of Las Vegas for a period of one week about Sept. 16th
, 1940 provided the site selected met with the approval of the Board of Commissioners. License fee
$100.00 per day for each day said show would operate in said City.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

The business being concluded for which this meeting was called on motion of Commissioner Cor-
radetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that said meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

There upon said meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 4th, 1940.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nev-
ada held on the 4th day of September, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and

Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of August 16th and a Special meeting of August 19th
read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Warrants Nos. 390 to 397 be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Overland Drug Co be granted two slot machine licenses and Sam Poulos be granted two
slot machine licenses for the present quarter year.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

At this time the Clerk opened bids for the purchase of traffic paint and it appearing to the
Board that the bid of the Woitishek Lumber Co. was the lowest and best bid it was on motion of
Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti moved and carried that the City purchase
30 gals of traffic paint at $1.40 per gallon.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Paul Mc Dermott of the Las Vegas Junior Camber of Commerce appeared before the Board with
a petition for the "Conservation of water of the Las Vegas Artesian Basin".

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that Mayor Russell sign said petition on behalf of the City of Las Vegas and its Board of
City Commissioners.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

none.

This petition to be forwarded to the State Engineer's office in Carson City.

An Ordinance entitled: "An Ordinance to amend Section 18 (as amended) of Ordinance No. 203
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance regulating the distribution and control of in-
toxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages; regulating places where and under what conditions
said intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages may be kept sold, given away or other-
wise distributed; providing for permits and licenses; providing penalties for the violation of
t is ordinance; and repealing all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was
read to the Board for a second time and upon being put to vote the vote was as follows: Commis-
sioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting no. His Honor the Mayor voting aye. There upon
said ordinance failed to pass.