OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.
OCTOBER 25th, 1937

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada held on the 25th day of October, 1937

Present Commissioners Krause Marble and Perry and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow, City Attorney Austin and Mayor Arnett.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that two slot machine licenses be granted.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Perry and Mayor Pro Tem Garble voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Tuesday the 26th day of October at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 26th, 1937

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board	of Commissioners	of the City of	Las

Vegas held on the 26th day of October, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock	P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett, Commissioner Perry and City Attorney.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the meeting recess until the hour of seven o'clock	P.M. this date.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro	Tem Marble voting aye,	Noes,	none.

There upon the meeting recessed until the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEV.
OCTOBER 26th, 1937

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 26th day of October 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett Commissioners Krause Marble and Ronnow City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

Mr. Berry Dibble was present at this time and presented to the Board estimates of cost of
the proposed power plant and system for the City of Las Vegas. Mr. Dibble stating that the sum
of $248,000.00 would be adequate for the construction of the same. The cost to be divided as
follows:

Distributing system for the	City	$170,000.00

Sub Station at Boulder City	10,000.00

" Las Vegas	25,000.00

Transmission lines	 43,000.00

Total	248,000.00

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Mr. Austin City Attorney, Mr. Baker City Engineer and Mr. Dibble prepare a form of con-
tract, as same would be in accordance with the requirements of the United States Government
and present same to the Board at a meeting to be held on the 27th day of October, 1937 at the
hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote was Commissioner Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow the following motion was
introduced and passed*

That the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas nevada be directed to write the Acting State
Director P.W.A. for Nevada and inquire if a 45% grant made by the United States government for
the construction of a power plant and system for the City of Las Vegas might be used toward the
purchase of the privately owned power plant and system if the owners of the same would offer to
sell the plant and system. If the 45% grant could not be used for this purpose what percentage
is allowed by the government toward the purchase of already constructed plants.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.