A petition signed by voters residing in the city of Las Vegas regarding the establishing of
a restricted district in Block 16, of Clark's Original Las Vegas Townsite was presented to
the Board at this time . Same was ordered filed.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the city clerk be instructed to write the proper re-
presentatives of the State Health Office advising that we, the Board of City Commissioners,
having gone on record assuring our hearty co-operation in this humanitarian movement to the
extent of pledging contribution of $5000 when, and if, same becomes operative, are now prepared
to make our prorata remittance as soon as financially able, and shall remit not less than
$1,250 sometime between December 1, 1941 and January 1, 1942; and, further: we now in regular
meeting assembled, duly authorize our city treasurer and finance commissioner together with
the city clerk to sign said letter with the understanding that remittance shall be made in full
to proper authorities, as soon as said money may become available. Copy of this motion to be mailed
proper authorities. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch made a motion that the offer of $50 for a certain dump truck be accepted.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk was instructed to write to Mr. 0. A. Kimball regarding a certain insurance policy
issued by Mr. Kimball covering all buildings, except the Memorial Building, on a blanket form
at a premium of $287.31 per annum on a five year basis; Mr. Cragin stated that Mr. Kimball
had not prorated or divided percentage of allowance with other insurance agencies as understood
as per previous agreement.

The Report of the City Attorney regarding matters referred to him at the last meeting was
read and filed.

Mr. Smith made a motion that the Mayor and the City Clerk be authorized to sign a quit claim
deed in favor of F. A. Snyder to the following described property: Beginning at the SW corner
of Lot 6 in Block 3 of Grandview Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and continuing
on a direct line with the south line of said lot 6 a distance of 96.7 feet; thence S 26°52"

E to a point of intersection with the extended north line of said Lot 5 in Block 3 of Grandview
Addition; thence east with the north line of said Lot 5 to the northwest corner of said Lot
5, thence south along the west line of Lots 5 and 6 to the place of beginning." Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that a resolution authorizing the execution of a certain

supplemental agreement for the leasing of additional land at the Gunnery School, between the
City of Las Vegas and the United States Government be adopted, and that the City Attorney,

Mayor, and City Clerk be authorized to sign said Resolution. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the follow ng vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion
that the meeting recess until October 10, 1941 at the hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
OCTOBER 10, 1941

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 10th day of
October, Present: Howell C. Garrison, Mayor, Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux, Clark
City Attorney, Paul Ralli, City Clerk, Helen Scott and Deputy City Clerk LeRoy Whipple.

Meeting called to order by His Honor at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Reading of the Minutes of the previous regular meeting were waived until the next regular
meeting October 16th.

A letter was read from John F. Cahlan, Chairman of the Airport Advisory Board, regarding
plans for the depot to be erected at McCarran Field. Same was ordered filed.

A letter of resignation of John F. Cahlan tendering his resignation from the Airport

Advisory Board was read.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that said resignation be accepted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux
and Clark voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that, as per the request of the County Commissioners, that
they be allowed to purchase 50 lots in the Woodlawn Cemetery at $10 per lot. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the prices of lots in Woodlawn Cemetery as recom-
mended by the Cemetery Board be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.