CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING.

TO; - Le Roy Whipple - Deputy City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby call to be
held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
Tuesday June 21, 1938 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M. on said day to consider and act upon the
following business;

To meet with Mr. C.J. Mackey local W.P.A. Administrator to consider sidewalk, curb, gutter and
sewer Improvements. to the City of Las Vegas, also to consider resolutions for PWA Street and
Sewer Improvements.

Dated this 21st, day of June 1938.

H. P. Marble_________________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas. Nev

TO: H.P. Marble, Mayor and to Herb Krause. Joe S. Ronnow, and Harbey E. Luce -Commissioners
YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, will be held in the Board Room of the Board of Commissioners, in the City Clerk's
office on Tuesday June 21, 1938 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M. on said day to consider and act
upon the following:

To meet with Mr. C.J. Mackey local W.P.A. Administrator to consider sidewalks, Curb, Gutter and
Sewer Improvements to the City of las Vegas, also to consider resolutions for PWA Street and
Sewer improvements

Dated this 21st, day of June 1938
you will govern yourselves accordingly.

__Le Roy Whipple 

Deputy City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE: the undersigned mayor and commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, hereby admit due service
of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

H.P. Marble____________ Harvey E. Luce

Mayor	Commissioner

Herb Krause_________ Joe S. Ronnow

Commissioner	Commissioner

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
JUNE 21, 1938

Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held on the 21st, day of June 1938 at the hour of Ten o'clock A.M. of said day.

Present: Commissioners Krause, Luce, and Ronnow. Mayor H.P. Marble and Deputy City Clerk
Le Roy Whipple.

Absent Commissioner H.L. Perry:

At this time Mr. C.J. Mackey Local W,PA, Administrator appeared before the board and read a
letter from Mr. Gilbert Ross relative to securing the services of a competent architect to lay
out the new golf course. Mr. Ross recommended the services of one. Mr. W.T. Bell who he claimed
had much experience in such endeavour. Mr. E.W. Clark also suggested that it would be money
well spent to have some one of this caliber to lay out and over see the installation of such a
golf course, that in the end it would be money saved, and that a much better course could be
obtained. Thereupon Commissioner Herb Krause moved that the Board secure the services of Mr.

Bell and Pay him $250.00 being half the fee charged, the other/being payed by the government
and that his services be obtained as soon as possible. Such motion was seconded by Commissioner
Harvey Luce and vote was as follows: Commissioners, Krause, Luce and Ronnow, and His Honor The
Mayor Voting Aye, Noes None.

A telegram from Mr. Godwin STATE PWA Administrator was then read, wherein he asked that the city
to submit applications on the Curb, Gutter and Sewer Improvements contemplated being undertaken
by the City. Thereupon the following resolutions were introduced and voted upon as follows.

APPLICATION RESOLUTION # 3.

A resolution authorizing the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to file an application to the United States
of America through the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a grant to aid in fin-
ancing the construction of Las Vegas Street Improvements and designating the City Engineer to
furnish such information as the Government may request.

Be it resolved by the Board of City Commissioners:

SECTION 1. That H.P. Marble, Mayor, be and he is authorized to execute and file an
application on behalf of the City of Las Vegas to the United States of America for a grant to aid
in financing the construction of Las Vegas Street Improvements.

SECTION 2. That C.D. Baker City Engineer, be and he is hereby authorized and directed to
furnish such information as the United States of America through the Federal Emergency Administration
of Public Works may reasonably request in connection with the application which is herein authorized
to be filed.

The above resolution was introduced by Commissioner H. Krause, seconded by Commissioner
Joe S. Ronnow.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Luce, and Ronnow, and His Honor, the Mayor H.P. Marble
voting aye, Noes none. - Absent Commissioner H.L. Perry.