LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
MAY 5, 1942

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 5th day of May,

1942, at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Meeting called to order by Pat Clark, Mayor pro tem, with the following members present:
Commissioners Rubidoux and Smith. Purchasing agent, LeRoy Whipple. City Attorney,

Paul Ralli. A. W. Blackman, city auditor and city Clerk, Helen Scott. Absent: Mayor
Howell C. Garrison and Commissioner Tinch.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and ordered corrected to show that Dr. Morgan
was hired as the city doctor for the Clark County Health Center. Thereafter, the Minutes
were approved as corrected.

Mayor Garrison arrived at this time.	 

Mr. Rubidoux stated that he wished the record to show that he intended his vote to be "No" on the building
of the new theater at 15th and Fremont as appears in paragraph VIII, Page 473 of the Minutes
of May 4th, 1942.

Mr. Rubidoux moved that the report of Mr. Smith on the matter of the U. S. Weather Bureau
being granted quarters in the new administration building at the airport, as presented in
writing and read to the Board be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Weather Bureau be granted a lease for quarters in the
Airport Administration Building at a yearly rental of $74.00. Further, that they assume the 
responsibility of lights, toilet facilities and janitor services. Said rent to be paid at
their convenience. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the lease for the Prophylaxis Station between the city of
Las Vegas and the United States Government be renewed for the period beginning July 1, 1942
and ending with Jane 30, 1943 at a monthly rental of $15.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clerk, Rubidoux, Smith and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Lease No. W 766 qm 5336 existing between the City of Las

Vegas and the United States Government be renewed for the period beginning July 1, 1942
and ending June 30, 1943. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the report of the Building Inspector be accepted and a vote
of thanks extended for submitting said report. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

A letter from A. F. Smith, Sr., regarding the calling of an informal meeting for the purpose
of discussing administrative procedure for the city of Las Vegas and any other matters of
importance. Said meeting to be called by the Clerk, and a stenographer hired to make a
record of the proceedings.	Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of Mr. Smith

be carried out. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter from Governor Carville relative to an Economic Conference to be held in the
auditorium of the State Building at Reno, Nevada on M ay 8th and 9th for the purpose of discussing on two important
questions affecting the State's welfare and an invitation to the council to attend, was
read. Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the invitation of the Governor be accepted and
that anyone wishing to attend may do so at their own expense. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter of recommendation from the Cemetery Board was read. Commissioner Rubidoux moved that
the city of Las Vegas purchase from the Las Vegas Land & Water Company that certain 10 acres
of land lying east of the present cemetery, for additional cemetery purposes, at an agreed

price of $300 per acre. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter from C. F Gartside asking for compensation for 5 feet of ground on Fremont for
the purpose of widening said Street, was read and Ordered referred to the State Highway
right of Way Engineer for recommendation. Also a letter from Mr. Miller, of the Sal
Sagev on the same matter.

A letter was read from Mrs. Whitely regarding junk stored on the lots owned by Mr. Mendelsohn
on South Main Street. Same was referred to the city attorney.

Commissioner Tinch arrived at this time.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the recommendations of Harlan T. Brown as follows be
approved. That F. M. Eaton, office engineer be transferred from Account #5511 to Account #5526 at
$200.00 per month as of April 16, 1942; that Kirby B. Ferguson be hired on account #2426 at
$8.00 per day for a period of not to exceed sixty days for the purpose of bringing sewer
records up to date, and preparing the necessary plan profile sheets. Further that Francis
Culley be transferred to account #5511 from #3311 at the same salary of $125.00 per month
as of May 1, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A claim from the Southern Nevada Power Company for $1.00 for electricity used at the new
airport administration depot was presented and referred to the city attorney.

A letter was read to the Board signed by Harold H. Eymann, Chairman County Advisory Health
Committee, regarding the present milk ordinance.