On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that E.U. Baxter, sexton at Woodlawn Cemetery be granted vacation from Sept 19th to October 19th
and that the first two weeks thereof be with pay as is the usual custom of the City and the other
to be at the expease of Mr. Baxter.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the Clerk write Mayor Miller of St. George Utah and the St. George Lions Club and
express the thanks of the entire Board of Commissioners to Mayor Miller and the Lions Club for
the the courtesies extended to the members of the Board upon their visits to St. George to
attend both the Municipal League Meeting and the Dixie Roundup this month.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

The following letter was read to the Board at this time.

Las Vegas, Nevada, Sept 14, 1939.

City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nev.

Honorable Sirs;

At a meeting held today the City Planning Commission passed the following
recommendations:-

"That the City Commissioners not allow the Union Pacific R.R. Company to make
entrance to their proposed new depot in the middle of the block between Carson and Fremont and
between Fremont and Ogden St.---- Carried unanimously."

"We recommend to the City Commissioners that the entrance to the proposed
new depot be made at Carson St. and Ogden St. and that land in between be made into a park.
Carried."

Respectfully yours,

Robt. B. Griffith,

President.

After the reading of the above on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert
it was Moved and carried that the Clerk forward copies of the above to all the Service Clubs
in the City and to the Union Pacific System both in Las Vegas and Omaha Neb.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of 25 gals. of traffic lac were opened at this time and an motion
of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the
bid be given to the Ed Von Tobel Lumber Company. Price $42.25.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of electrical supplies for the installation of lights on the City
Tennis Courts were opened and upon motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Cor-
radetti it was moved and carried that these bids be given Le Roy Whipple Purchasing Clerk for
checking and tabulation., and report.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Bids for the painting of the International "pickup" truck owned by the Fire Dept. were
opened and on motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved
and carried that the bid of Hogan and Westlake in the sum of $89.50 be accepted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

for

Bids for the purchase of a truck the Street Dept. were opened at this time and on
motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved that these bids be
handed the Purchasing Clerk for tabulation and report.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell

voting no.

Police Commissioner Corradetti informed the Board that it would be necessary to retain
Officer Howard on the police force for sometime. Thereupon Commissioner Corradetti moved that
Officer Howard be retained until further notice. Motion seconded by Commissioner Gilbert.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that this meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

There upon the meeting adjourned.