Marion Earl, Esq., appeared before the Board at this time on behalf of the
owner of the "Sportland".

V. Gray Gubler, Esq., appeared before the Board on behalf of Leslie Davis
who is interested in operating a bus line in Las Vegas. Mr. Gubler presented Mr. Elton
C. Melville and Leslie W. Davis to the Board.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor appoint a committee to draw up an Ord-
inance relative to bus service in Las Vegas. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereafter, the Mayor appointed Commissioner Tinch and Paul Ralli on said
committee.

A communication from Lt. Colonel Martinius Stenseth regarding the building of
Administration

the	building at the airport was read.

Bids from the following firms on business forms were opened at this time:

Charles R. Hadley, Carlisles and Review Journal.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid of Charles R. Hadley be accepted in
the sum of $188.40. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of Harley Davison Co for two motorcycles
in the sum of $915.60 including trade in on old machine be accepted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark,

Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Tire bids from the following firms were opened at this time:

Tower Service

Bids on tires for the police department were ordered tabled.

Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of the Tower service for two tires 8¼x20

relative to the actions of the tire rationing board.
and two tubes be accepted in the sum of $160.68/ Motion seconded by Commissioner

Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bid from Wm. Wittwer on wet garbage was read and ordered held over.

	Bids on forms for the police department from the following firms were read

at this time.

Review Journal

Service Printers

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid of the Review Journal be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the telephone bill for the Clerk's office for
the month of December, 1941 be paid. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the claim of Hampton Bros in the sum of $3,737.00
first payment for services on the War Memorial Building be allowed. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark,

Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

One bid was received on a one half ton station wagon from the Clark County
Wholesale Company in the sum of $1,398.99. Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid
be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

	Commissioner Clark moved that the application for a slot machine license