OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

December 4th, 1939.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County Nevada held on the 4th day of December, 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and Clerk.

Minutes of recessed regularmeeting of November 28th, read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
warrants Nos. 252, 261 to 269 be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

A number of tavern keepers and their employees appeared before the Board in regard to the
amendment to the Liquor Ordinance, governing the collection of licenses. These man ask that the
amendment be explained to them which Mr. Austin City Attorney did.

Robert Ritter, and a delegation from the Jr and Sr. Chamber of Commerces appeared before the
Board in regard to securing financial aid toward the purchasing of a bloat to enter in the Tourna-
ment of Roses Parade in Pasadena January 1st. Mr. Ritter explained to the Board the cost of the
entry would be $1150.00 and ask that the City give the sum of $500.00 toward this fund. Mr. Ritter
was informed that the Board would consider the matter and advise him in a few days of its action.

Mr. Krause, presented the Board with plans for the lighting of Fremont Street during the
Christmas season. After discussing that matter it was found necessary to transfer money from the
unappropriated surplus to the Water, Sewer and Light Department to finance this project.

There upon on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved
and carried that the sum of $633.46 be transferred from the unappropriated surplus to the
General Fund to be divided as follows, $500.00 to the Chamber of Commerce to be used for Publicity
purposes namely for assisting in covering the cost of entry for the Tournament of Roses Parade,
and $133.46 to be used in lighting Fremont Street for the Christmas Season.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Harry Pursel appeared before the Board and ask that the Board take steps to purchase for use
at the golf course a small tractor.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved add carried
that the City purchase a McCormic Deering Tractor costing $509.41 F.O.B. Las Vegas.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Mayor Russell appointed Commissioners Ronnow and Gilbert with Mr. A.W. Blackman, as a com-
mittee to investigate the matter of the City establishing a trailer park near the City Stables
and Race Track, and to report back to the Board their findings.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the report of Municipal Judge, Gus Blad, for the month of November 1939 be approved;

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City purchase a vice and drill from the Cole Tool Co for $27.62.

vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the claim of the Salt Lake Costume Co for $27.00 be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert, seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a Race Horse Keno Game license be granted the Frontier Club.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell voting No.

Mayor Russell ask that Commissioner Krause investigate the purchase of gas heaters for the City.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Gilbert
seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the meeting recess until Tuesday
 the 12th day of December 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

There upon this meeting recessed until Tuesday the 12th day of December, 1939 at 7:30 P.M.