COMMENTS ON DEPARTMENT BUDGETS
- REVENUES -

The non-tax revenues make up two thirds (2/3) of the total City Revenue. The 1940
Budget estimates of non-tax revenue ( without taking the $15,000.00 Emergency Loan into
consideration ) are within $3,000.00 of the actual 1939 non-tax revenue. Certainly this
is a good, conservative estimate. ( refer to schedule A)

The revenue received to July 31, 1940, is very nearly three-quarters of the entire
year's revenue because the greatest part of the third quarter licenses are included. It
is easy to see that, while the amounts are approximately equal to three-fourths (3/4) of
the 1940 estimates, that they will not suffice to replace the Emergency Loan even under
the most favorable conditions.

The items shown below the line " Total Usable Non-Tax " are of no value in replacing
any loss in the items above because they are definitely restricted by statute to certain
special uses and are not available for operating expenses.

The conclusion from an examination of Schedule A is that the Emergency Loan will be
necessary to balance the 1940 budget.

- EXPENDITURES -

In Schedule B the items of expenditures are given in related group totals. This is
done to avoid confusing the reader with detail. Forty six (46) accounts having up to
twenty-two (22) segregations each, are here consolidated into fifteen (15) totals. The
detail is available to anyone interested, in the City books open to inspection, at all
reasonable times.

PROTECTION OF PERSONS AND PROPERTY (POLICE AND FIRE).

This budget item is estimated approximately $8,000.00 more than 1939 due to $4,000.00
salary expense increase in the police department to put the officers on an eight hour day
instead of twelve hours as formerly; $1,000.00 for additional fire hydrants in the Fire
Department; and $3,000.00 budgeted here for Plumbing and Building inspection formerly
budgeted elsewhere. The service in the Inspector's department was increased in 1940 also.

HEALTH AND SANITATION.

The increase in this budget item was $1,500.00 for repair to sewer and disposal
plant.

STREET LIGHTING.

During 1939 no money was available for the repair and extension of street lights.

An additional $3,000.00 was added here in 1940. Three times this amount is needed for pro-
per development.

MEMORIAL BUILDING.

The 1940 Budget calls for an expenditure of $15,000.00 to purchase the War Memorial
Building from the American Legion; and for $5,000.00 in remodeling the building to make
it suitable for City offices, now badly needed.

PARKS AND RECREATION.

The increase of $2,000.00 here is due to budgeting $1,050.00 to develop a park and
playground center on the Westside and $1,350.00 increased maintenance cost on the parks.

Those items below "Cemetery" on Schedule B are matters prepared for in the tax rate
in accordance with statute and are fixed and inflexible.

GENERAL COMMENTS.

The figures set forth in Schedule A and B indicate that the uncertainty of securing per-
mission to make the Emergency Loan has caused every department of the City to hold back and
do nothing but the urgent necessary work thus far in the year. With less than half of the
year before us, there remains much to be done if the year's quota of accomplishments is to
be reached. Streets are in need of repair; lighting is not adequate; the City Clerk's
office is postponing needed repairs from day to day in anticipation of a move; there remains
$5,000.00 to pay to the American Legion Post; summer is nearly gone and the Westside park
has not been touched; the milk inspection is handicapped for much needed equipment. All these
things are held in abeyance pending decision of the State Board of Finance on the request
for permission to make the Emergency Loan.

No salary increases were allowed in making the 1940 budget despite that some increases
are not only justified byt are long overdue by reason of the length of service, qualifications
of the incumbents and the work and responsibility carried. While these persons have been
patient and understanding so far, the City is in danger of losing very valuable employees on
account of inability to pay adequate salaries. This will surely hurt the City in general.

The average citizen does not know that the Budget Law of the State restricts the sec-
tion of the City Commissioners very closely. The Commission makes an annual budget on or
before the first Monday in March, and, when adopted, this budget governs the entire year's
expenditures very closely, With the exception of unforeseen emergencies, the Commission has
no power to make expenditures not prepared in the budget. Money can not be expended for
projects not due to unforeseeable emergencies simply because some unexpected revenue is derived.

The departments are so closely controlled on this point that the Auditor is instructed
to refuse any requisition from any department that would overdraw one twelfth (1/12) of that
department's annual budget for running expenses in any one month.

The purchasing and accounting system of the City is so devised and governed by ordinance
and rule that no bill for either material or services can be incurred by the City without ade-
quate authorization by the Commission before it is incurred. This given the Commission ab-