OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 20th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas, Clark County Nevada held on the 20th day of October, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock
P.M. on said day.

Present Mayor Marble Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti, City Clerk and
City Attorney.

The business of appointing a Fire Marshall in accordance with the ordinance allowing the
same was brought before the Board for consideration, and upon motion of Commissioner Ronnow se-
conded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the action of the Board taken on
August 12th, 1938 whereby W.J. Rhodes was appointed Fire Marshall be rescinded for the reason
that Mr. Rhodes is not a member of the Fire Department and in order to fill said office the Fire
Marshall must be a member of the Las Vegas Fire Department as same is provided by Ordinance.

Mr. Case, Fire Chief was appointed to fill the office of Fire Marshall.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Ronnow presented to the Board for its consideration the application for
WPA aid on the Golf Course now under construction and on motion of Commissioner Krause seconded
by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that Mayor Marble sign the necessary papers

for the making of said application.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner Ronnow reported to the Board that Claude Mackey, WPA Mgr. would be ready
to start a sidewalk project about November 5th with a crew of approximately 25 to 30 men.

That if the City did not want to proceed with a sidewalk programme the installation of additions
to the existing sewer system would be undertaken.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the Mayor forward to the Chamber of Commerce a letter stating the position of the Board
in regard to the passage of Ordinance No. 243, and answering its letter of October 18th, 1938.

A copy of both letters being on file with the Clerk.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City a adopt a seconded Amended Budget as same had been prepared by A.W.Blackman, City
Auditor, based on the Tax rate of $1.17 as said rate had been allowed the City. Copies of said
amended budget being filed in the office of the Clerk.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
Noes, none.

Mr. Geo. Wood of Pasadena California, C.P.A. presented the Board with reports covering
Statement of Fund Receipts, and Expenditures for the first nine months of 1938.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses for the 4th quarter year be granted:

Sewells United Store 2. Sam Stearns 4, Ciliax 2, Jimmie Fulcher 3, A.W.Blackman 20,

and Read City Drug 3.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City spend the sum of $30.00 to install meter at the Police and Fire Station.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Thursday the 27th day of October 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.