by the board of commissioners, said bond to be approved by said board of commissioners. The board of commissioners
may appoint a city attorney with a regular salary of not to exceed thirty-six hundred dollars ($3,600) per annum,
payable in equal monthly installments; also a chief of police with a salary of not to exceed three thousand dollars
($3,000) per annum, payable in equal monthly installments; also a judge of the municipal court at such salary as
such board may deem proper, not exceeding, however, the sum of three hundred dollars ($300) per month. Said board
of commissioners may also from time to time by ordinance or resolution, or by either or both, fix and provide for
the allowance and payment to said city attorney of additional compensation for the prosecution and defense of cases
for conviction in cases, and also by way of commissions on fines and forfeitures imposed and enforced, and said
board may also appoint a deputy city attorney when in their judgment such appointment may be necessary, and said
board shall fix the compensation to be paid such deputy city attorney. The Board of commissioners may appoint such
other officers as such board may, from time to time, ordain and establish, with the right to select the incumbent
thereof, and prescribe the duties of such office. The compensation of the appointive officers shall be fixed,
allowed, and paid by the board of commissioners out of such city funds as the board may designate. Any one or more
of such appointive officers may, in the desertion of the board of commissioners, be combined and the duties there-
of be discharged by one person. All county officers acting as city officers ex-officio, and all other officers of
the city, may act in the same manner and with like effect, by their regularly appointed deputies.

5.	Section 6 of Chapter II of the said Act and Charter is amended to read as follows:-

SECTION 6. Officers, Elective - Qualifications of. The mayor, each of the four commissioners, and the city
clerk, shall not be less than 25 years of age, citizen of the United States, and for at least two years immediately
preceding their election, residents of the city of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, qualified voters,
who are property owners and taxpayers on real estate or personal property, situate in the city of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, as shown on the assessment rolls of said city of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, on file in the office of the county assessor and ex-officio city assessor of the county of Clark
State of Nevada, for at least two years immediately preceding the year in which said election is held. All
officers made elective by the popular vote shall within twenty days after the result of the election is ascertained
qualify as required by this charter and the constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, and enter upon the
duties of their office on the first Monday in June of the year in which said general election is held, and failing
to do so within said time, such office shall be and become vacant.

6. Section 10 of Chapter II of the said Act and Charter is amended to read as follows:-

SECTION 10. Mayor, Commissioners and Clerk - Salary of. The Mayor of the city of Las Vegas shall receive
as remuneration for his services the sum of one hundred eighty dollars ($180) per annum; each of the city
commissioners shall receive the sum of one hundred twenty ($120) per annum; the city clerk shall receive the
sum of twenty-four hundred dollars ($2400) per annum. All salaries named in this section shall be payable in
equal monthly installments.

7.	Section 14 of Chapter II of the said Act and Charter is amended to read as follows:-

SECTION 14. Vacancy in Office - Resignation - Election of Successors. Resignation by the mayor or any
commissioner or the city clerk elected under this act, or any other charter officer created by this act, shall
be made in writing to the board of commissioners for their action thereupon. In case of the removal of the
domiciles of the mayor or any commissioner or the city clerk or any other charter officer from the territorial
limits of said city, such removal shall ipso facto be deemed to create a vacancy in the office of any commis-
sioner, or in the office of the city clerk, the same shall be filled for the unexpired term by a majority vote
of the members, or remaining members, of the board of commissioners, although less than a quorum, who are present
at a regular meeting.

8. Section 18 of Chapter II of the said Act and Charter is amended to read as follows:-

SECTION 18. Claims and Accounts - Warrants, How Issued - Financial Statements, Publication of. The commis-
sioner named as the head of each department shall audit all accounts or claims against it unless he is absent or
fails or refuses to so do, in which event the mayor shall appoint another commissioner to act in his stead during
his absence, or to audit such claims or accounts as said commissioner shall fail or refuse to act upon, but before
payment all accounts shall be approved by the board of commissioners and no money shall be paid for any purpose
except upon warrant executed by the mayor and attested by the city clerk upon order of the board and the commission-
ers shall cause complete and full records of all such claims and transactions to be kept by the city clerk in
books secured for that purpose; said board of commissioners shall require a statement to be published or cause to
be posted as may be designated by them, in January, April, July, and October of each year showing a full and clear
and complete statement of all taxes and other revenue collected and expended during the preceding quarter, indica-
ting the respective sources from which the moneys are derived and also indicating the disposition made thereof and
all outstanding bonds and other obligations.

9.	Section 31 of Chapter II of the said Act and Charter is amended to read as follows:-

SECTION 31. The said board of commissioners shall have the power to make and pass all ordinances, resolutions
and orders, not repugnant to the constitution of the United States or of the State of Nevada, or to the provisions
of this act, necessary for the municipal government and management of the city affairs, for the execution of all
powers vested in the city, and for making effective provisions of this act; and to enforce obedience to such or-
dinances with such fines or penalties as the said board may deem proper; provided, that the punishment of any of-
fense shall be by a fine in any sum less than five hundred dollars ($500) or by imprisonment not to exceed six
months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

2. To control the finances and property of the corporation.

3. To appropriate the same for corporate purposes only, and to provide for the payment of all debts
and expenses of the corporation.

4.	To levy and collect taxes within the city for general and special purposes on real and personal
property as provided by law.

4a. The board of commissioners shall each year levy and cause to be collected a tax not to exceed five
mills on the dollar of all of the taxable property of the city of Las Vegas for publicity purposes, the same to be
placed in a fund known as "Publicity Fund".

5.	To borrow money of the credit of the city for corporation purposes and to issue warrants and bonds
therefor in such amounts and forms and on such conditions as the board of commissioners shall determine; and the
board may secure the payment of any bonds of the city by making them preferred lein against the real or other
property of the city; provided, that said city shall not issue nor have outstanding at any time bonds to an amount

in excess of 20 percent of the total valuation of the taxable property within its limits, as shown by the last