Rubidoux and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Von Tobel Lumber Company of $9



for 500 1x2 survey stakes and the claim of the Deitrich Company of $24 for one #4
Hamilton drafting chair be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor
pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that a letter be written to Hampton Brothers instructing

them to make arrangements for installing the water cooler, in the new city hall and



cutting a slot for mail in the door of city clerk's office and segregating the drawers to take
care of money and placing locks on same. Also preparing recesses in the vault to take
care of the money drawers. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that an auxiliary light and power plant be installed

at the police station at a cost of approximately $200. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and

the mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that we create a district for the purpose of installing

a sewer line extending from 12th to 13th Street and from Clark Avenue to Charleston
Boulevard

and that the money to finance this emergency to be withdrawn from the general fund and

the property deriving benefit from this construction will be assessed on a pro rata

basis and the sewer department be authorized to start work immediately. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that this meeting adjourn until April 4th, 1942 at

the hour of 10:00 A.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following

vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
APRIL 4, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th day of April, 1942.

Meeting called to order by His Honor Mayor Howell C. Garrison at 10:00 A. M., with the

following members present: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, and Clark. City Clerk, Helen

Scott. Absent: Commissioner Rubidoux.

Reading of the Minutes of the previous meeting were waived.

Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Smith be authorized to sign

the payroll in the absence of Commissioner Rubidoux. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, and Rubidoux and
His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that warrants 659 to 663 inclusive be allowed.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids from the following firms for office supplies for the city clerk's office
were opened at this time. Albrights Business Machines $228.96. Office Equipment Company
319.70. Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of Albright's be accepted in the sum of
$228.96. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commis-