Bids for 1 900x20 ten ply first grade truck and bus tire and one 900x20 heavy
duty tube were opened from the following firms.

Tower Service $79.56	Silver State Service	$78.93



Commissioner Smith moved that the bid of Silver State Service in the sum of $78.93 be accepted. Motion
Seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,
Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Two bids were received for a portable transmitter and radio supplies. Same
were referred to the police commissioner for recommendation.

Bids from the following firms for 1000 sets of general receipt forms in
triplicate, 10000 sets demand forms and 10,000 payroll checks, were opened.

Review Journal     219.05

Service Printers   253.50

Custom Printers    229.25

Upon recommendation of the purchasing agent, Commissioner Smith moved that
the bid of the Review Journal in the sum of $219.05 be accepted. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Rubidoux and the Mayor Pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids from Armstrong Nurseries and Stump and Walters for 2 tons of soco fertilizer
, 200 pounds of coos grass seed, 100 pounds white clover, 200 pounds red
200 pounds bermuda grass seed.

Armstrong Nurseries did not submit a bid.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid of Stump and Walters in the sum
of $543.00 be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid of Wallace & Wallace for 500 tons of
oil bound gravel be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye.

Noes, none.

One bid from the National Ice Company was received on the heating and cooling
system for the Airport Administration Building.

Commissioner Smith moved that the bid be rejected and said bid be readvertised
to be returned the 4th of April. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor Pro Tem voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that when the clerk's office vacates the premises
at 217 Carson Street that such portion of said building be turned over to the Clark
County Health Unit as is necessary for their use until their building on Stewart Street
is ready for occupancy, for a rental of $65.00 per month. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the
Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

The report of the planning commission of their meeting of February 18, 1942
was read and referred to Mr. Petrie.



Commissioner Tinch moved that the following slot machine and liquor applications be

granted:

Smiths Root Beer Stand	3 slot machines

La Mar Foremaster	1 slot machine

Bert Smith - beer license for 1st and second quarter 1942.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

The report of Dr. Newman of his investigation of the sanitary condition existing
in Woodland Park Addition was read , Commissioner Smith moved that said report be accepted