OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

JULY 16th, 1940.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County Nevada held on the 16th day of July, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow and Krause, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Corradetti and Gilbert.

Minutes of meetings of July 5th and 9th read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Warrants Nos. 371 to 375 be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At letter to the Board of City Commissioners from E.A. Clark was read and considered at this
time. Mr. Clark in said letter stated to the Board of City Commissioners that he had a purchaser
for the ground east of the City of Las Vegas owned by said City.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that this letter be tabled.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

An Ordinance entitled, "An ordinance to amend Section 1, as amended, of Ordinance No. 168
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas,
establishing a residence district, industrial and commercial districts, within the said City of
Las Vegas; defining such districts; declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain, or oper-
ate certain factories, works or establishments within said residence districts and said commer-
cial districts; regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and rebuilding
of certain works or establishments in said districts; providing penalties for the violation of
said ordinance, and repealing ordinances in conflict herewith," was read to the Board for a first
time and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Ronnow and Krause and His Honor the
Mayor John L. Russell voting aye. Noes none. Absent Commissioners Gilbert and Corradetti.

This ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 254 of the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Ordinance No. 254 be published in the Las Vegas Age a weekly newspaper, once each week for
two consecutive weeks.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the sum of $100.84 be paid the First National Bank. This being the final payment and interest
on an "Emergency Loan", and that Fred Schultz be paid the sum of $994.62 as payment on the Schultz
judgment., this being the sum applicable to said judgement from the collection of taxes.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that all slot machine applied for at this time be granted except the application of Peter Pansey
for slot machines at the Exchange Tavern and the Boulder Liquor Store. That these two licenses be
denied on the grounds that as far as the City was concerned these places of business were not
operating.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow voting aye. Mayor Russell passing his vote.

Mayor Russell ask that the minutes show his reason for passing his vote was that he wished
to vote for the granting of all slot machine licenses applied for at this time.

Commissioner Ronnow objected to the minutes showing the Mayor's reason.

The application of the Nevada Broadcasting Company for permission to erect a 155 foot
tower at the Meadows was considered.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved that this
matter be tabled until all members of the Board would be present.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow and Krause voting aye. His Honor the Mayor voting no.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that W.J. Rhoads be granted his annual vacation from August 5th to August 19th, C.R.Coon from
July 8th to 23rd and A Maufas from July 17th to August 3rd; Mr. Ronnow also moved that the
City purchase ax mowing machine attachment for the International Harvester Tractor owned by the
City. The same to cost $137.00.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Ronnow
seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting ave. Noes, none.

There upon said meeting adjourned.