The Clerk read a letter from Mr. Leo MacNamee asking that the City take some action

toward the payment of judgement to Mr. Schultz. Both the District Court and the State Supreme
Court ruling that the City pay damages to Mr. Schultz for injuries caused in an accident.

Mayor Marble handed the letter to the City Attorney for investigation and report.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the bids of the Mohawk Oil Company and the General Petroleum Co. be accepted. Said bids
covering gasoline requirements for the City of Las Vegas for the year 1939. That the Mayor and
Clerk sign said contracts and that the two companies share and share alike. Price of gasoline
be $.1617.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, and Luce and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner Krause
voting No.

On motion and recommendation of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was
moved and carried that the city employ one man at the rate of $5.00 per day in assist in the
cleaning out of the main sewer line. That time of said project would be ten days.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Luce informed the Board that Dr. Mildren, City Health Officer, W.J. Rhoads
Building Inspector and A.L. Drew Electrical Inspector had made an inspection of the condition
of a number of cabins owned by a Mr. Murray on no 2nd St. and that the said cabins were in
a very unsanitary and hazardous condition.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the Board of Commissioners approve the action of the Health Officer, Building Inspector
and Electrical Inspector and that they continue said investigation until the said cabins were
put in proper condition.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and Hie Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Friday the 16th day of December, 1938 at the hour of one o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 16th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
 Vegas held on the 16th day of December, 1938 at the hour of one o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti City Clerk and
City Attorney.

At this time the Board took under consideration the expenditure of money for special
police work or under cover work.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried 

that the City spend the sum of $160.00 for this work.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that warrants Nos. 60 to 67 be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Jack Wilson and Archie Smoke appeared before the Board at the request of Mayor Marble.
These gentlemen had been making investigations for the City in regard to the sale of liquor
to minors. Mr. Smoke informed the Board that they had secured no evidence against the Rose
Distributing Company.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Board take no action toward the revocation of the license of the Rose Distributing
Company owning to lack of evidence against sand firm. That Mr. Austin, City Attorney inform
said firm of the decision of this Board.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner
Corradetti voting no.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that Bernard Burger be employed as Recreational Director for the month of December, 1938
at the rate of $125.00 per mo.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the Purchasing Clerk be directed to purchase a car of road oil from the Standard Oil Com-
pany at such time as the Street Department would be in need of the same.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce Ronnow and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 21st day of December, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.