Mr. Worswick appeared before the board at this time and stated that the contractors wishing
to bid on the building at the airport had informed him that the call for bids heretofore let
for the 21st of July did not give them sufficient time to prepare their bids and therefore
request that the time be extended until the 4th of August, 1941. Thereafter, Mr. Smith
made a motion that the bids for the airport station be deferred until August 4th, 1941.

Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

The bill of the General Construction Co for the building of the airport control tower
was presented at this time. Mr. Smith made a motion that said bill of $3000 be allowed,

and that the money be taken from the $25,000.00 fund set aside for that purpose. Motion
seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

The Clerk then read a letter from the General Construction Company concerning an addition-
al charge of $400 for changes and alterations from original plans on the airport control tower.
Mr. Worswick, at this time explained the reason for said changes. Mr. Smith made a motion
that said bill be allowed some to be paid at the completion of the job. Motion seconded by Mr.
Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Motion carried.

Mr. Tinch moved that Leo A. McNamee, counsel for the Western Air Express approve the
bill for $3000 and $400 respectively, on behalf of said Western Air Express. Motion seconded
by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none. Motion carried.

A statement was presented for payment of $1,029.46 to Mr. Wood, C.P.A. for auditing the
books of the city. Mr. Tinch make a motion that said bill be paid. Motion seconded by
Mr. Clark. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Motion carried.

Mr. Tinch made a motion that the bill of $27.00 be paid for the entertainment of the
boys who had worked as traffic officers during school period. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux.
Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion
carried.

A bill having been presented for the repair of fire hydrants was presented. Mr. Tinch
made a motion that said bill in the sum of $18.50 be paid. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith.

Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
Motion carried.

Mr. J. M. Murphy and Ray Lundy representing private fliers in this community appeared
before the Board and requested aid in grading the land they have acquired for an airport.

Mr. Tinch. made a motion that the city go ahead and work with the committee as to blading
and leveling of the ground for the purpose of providing an airport as heretofore presented
also that the hangers now at the Western Airport be torn down and moved to the new tract of
land and sold for salvage; further that said new airport be known as and called Las Vegas

City Airport. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch,

Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

A bid from the Standard Wholesale Company on a ladder for the electrical department
for $709.50 was opened at this time. Several Bids having been sent out but this being
the only one received. Mr. Tinch make a motion that the bid be accepted. Motion seconded
by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Julian Thruston appeared before the Board at this time on behalf of the Lincoln
County Power District No. 1, stating that the department of War had requested that they
move their power line from a certain site to a proposed site which would cross over certain
city property. Mr. Thruston requested the city to grant them an easement over said property.

Mr. Smith moved that the matter be referred to the city attorney. Motion seconded by Mr.
Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none. Motion carried.

Mr. Harold Case, Fire Chief, appeared before the Board and suggested that some change
be made in the naming of streets, stating that there were several duplications and that this
condition caused great loss from fire.

Mr. Smith made a motion that the	matter be taken up in writing with	the	Board and	that

a copy of said letter be sent	to the	City	Planning Board. Further that	the	matter be	turned

over to the City Planning Board. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch. Vote: Commissioners, Smith,
Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor	voting	aye.	Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Clark stated that the	water mains	in the city would be replaced by	cast iron

pipes, that the program was in progress at the present time and would be completed within the
next sixty days.



Mr. Byron Snyder appeared before the board regarding the appointment of plumbing inspector. The Mayor
stated that he should present the matter in writing.

The application of Lenora Aguirre for a retail beverage license was presented to the
Board. Upon motion of Mr. Tinch and upon the recommendation of the Police Department
seconded by Mr. Smith that said application be rejected. Vote: Commissioners, Smith,

Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

A letter of protest against the Police Department was read from Mr. McCants, who was
present. Some discussion was had regarding the matter.

Mr. Smith wished to go on record so follows that in view of the fact that complaints have been
made on account of people traversing public streets that immediate steps be taken to assure
all citizens and legal visitors of the United States regardless of color or creed safety
in coming up or down any of our streets without molestation."

Mrs. Bullette appeared before the Board regarding a reduction in license for the wedding
chapels. His Honor informed her that an investigation was in progress and that the matter
would be settled at a later date.