ordinances in conflict herewith," was read for the first time and adopted by the following
vote; Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor voting No.

Mr. Russell stated that he was not in favor of the adoption of such an ordinance when a largo number
of persons had protested the change.

Mr. Fitzgerald, who had been most active in preparing this petition stated to the Board that he
as an officers of the R.R. Clerk's Association and a member of the Labour Council would take this
matter up with these organizations.

A Number of property owners on South Main Street appeared before the Board protesting the
erection and maintenance of a wrecking yard on that street.	to be operated by Wm Mendelsohn.

These persons were informed that it was permissible to erect and maintain such a business at
that location as that was the Industrial District as same was provided by ordinance and the main-
tenance of a wrecking yard was placed in that district.

Ho motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Harvey Luce be granted a master electrician's license as he had passed a satisfactory examin-
ation and deposited with the Clerk the sum of $50.00 covering cost of said examination. Said cert-
ificate to be signed by the Mayor.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Hoes, none.

A letter from Mr. MacPherson asking for a loading zone to be placed at 109 So Main Street
was read to the Board.

Commissioner Ronnow as Commissioner of Street ask that the Clerk write Mr. MacPherson that
no more loading or parking spaces would be allowed as the space utilized as such was too valuable
in zones where a limit was placed on parking.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City employ a man at the Cemetery at the rate of $1.50 per day same to be effective from
MArch 16th to June 16th, 1940.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Persons interested in securing a skating rink license to be used at 6th and Fremont Streets
and said rink to operate in a tent appeared before the Board for permission to operate said bus-
iness. After some discussion on the issuance of such a license to be used in a tent it was on
motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti moved and carried that no lic-
ense be issued because of the number of petitions presented to the Board objecting to the lic-
ensing of businesses that create unsanitary, loud and noisy conditions.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause, and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

none.

The business of holding a joint meeting with the Board of County Commissioners to ascer-
tain from that Board if they would not reconsider its previous action in regard to the cut made
in the City Budget for the year 1940, was discussed and on motion of Commissioner Corradetti
seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the Clerk be directed to write the
Board of County Commissioners and ask that that body set a time when it would meet with the
Board of City Commissioners to discuss the budget for the year 1940.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner
Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until
Friday the 29th day of March, 1940 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Friday March 29th, 1940 at 7:30 P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

MARCH 29th, 1940

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Clark County, Nevada held on the 29th day of March, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and City Clerk.

Minutes of recessed regular meeting of March 19th read and approved as read.

Letter from the Tennis Club of the City of Las Vegas petitioning the Board of Commissioners
to let that body take over the operation of the City Tennis Court was read to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that this matter be tabled until the regular meeting to be held on the 4th of April, 1940.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

An ordinance entitled, "An ordinance to amend Section 2, as amended, and Section 16, as
amended, of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled; "An Ordinance regulating the
Distribution and control of intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages; regulating places
where and under what conditions said intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages may be kept
sold, given away or otherwise distributed; providing for permits and licenses; providing penal-
ties for the violation of this ordinance and repealing all ordinances or parts of ordinances
in conflict therewith", and repealing all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict with this
ordinance," was read to the Board for a second time and adopted by the following vote, Commission-