BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada, that parking of all
automobiles and motor vehicles, or vehicles of any nature whatsoever, on Fremont Street
between Main and Seventh Streets, is hereby prohibited between the hours of 3:30 A.M
and 5 o'clock A.M.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that any violation of this Resolution be and the same is hereby
declared to be a misdemeanor and punishable as such, as per Section 26 of Ordinance 170,
as amended by Ordinance 190 and Ordinance 199.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the foregoing Resolution be adopted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,
Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bill of the Motor Supply Company for a battery



charger in the sum of $87.50 be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Jim Downs for $32.95 for a heater in the
Studebaker car for the police department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and

carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux the Mayor pro tem
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the claim of the Burnside Company of $41.78 for one

dozen saps for the police department be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and
the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the claim of the Western Auto Supply Company for $15.21
for flashlights for the police department be approved and authorizing the auditor to
sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that claims from the Southwest Plumbing Company in the

following sums be allowed $28.98, $4.80 and $24.98. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the
Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the claim for $23.50 for seat covers for one of the
police cars be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bids be let for materials for the golf course as



requested by Mr. Crossan and on file in the Clerk's office Bids to be returned 3/16/42. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor
pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

An application signed by Rev. Henry Rippel requesting permission to use loud speaker
to advertise tnet meetings was read and the Clerk was instructed to write to Rev. Rippel

referring him to the city ordinance pertaining to such matters.

The report of the city engineer was read and approved.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Douglas Williams be hired as a field engineer at
$7.00 per day for a period not to exceed ten days. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor
pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the contract for the purchase of an Adams Patrol from
the Clark County Wholesale Company be cancelled and that the clerk notify them in writing
of such cancellation for the reason that the time of delivery has expired. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.