LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
MAY 4, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th day of May, 1942.

Meeting called to order by His Honor, Howell C. Garrison, with the following members present:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch. City attorney, Paul Ralli, Purchasing agent
Le Roy Whipple, City auditor and Helen Scott, city clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and ordered corrected to show that the bid of the
city of $7000 for the State Barns included the contents of the buildings. Thereafter, the
minutes were approved as corrected.

Commissioner Clark moved that warrants 673 to 680 inclusive be approved and the Mayor and clerk
authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Dr. Morgan be hired as the doctor of the Clark County Health
Center. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the assistant to Mr. Norton be allowed $10 per month for
gasolene expense. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Harry H. Austin, Esq., appeared before the Board on behalf of the owners of the new theater
building at 15th and Fremont.

Madison B. Graves appeared before the board and presented argument on behalf of a group of 4
citizens opposed to the building of said theater.

Thereafter, Commissioner Smith moved that the owner be permitted to proceed with the building
provided it meet the requirements of the code as set forth by the building inspector.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the plat of Vega Verde be accepted and the Mayor and city
clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayfair Tract #2 be accepted provided that a performance
bond be posted for grade, staking of lots and locating monuments. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and His Honor Mayor Garrison voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Builtmore Tract #2 be approved providing that a performance bond
be posted for repairing of monuments and markers and further provided that a 5' set back
as shown on the plat as presented by Mr. Tiffany's letter on file be made and said plat to be
signed by the Mayor and the city clerk. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, Commissioner Tinch.

Commissioner Clark moved that when the original plat of Biltmore Addition Annex #3 is
presented that it be approved and the Mayor and city clerk is hereby authorized to sign
same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch, Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Bids on five fire extinguishers and refill were opened at this time. The purchasing agent stated that
the type of extinguisher asked for in the bid was not manufactured.

Thereafter, he presented the following bids:

Eureka Fire Hose Division	$78.00

So. Nev. Disinfectant Co.	92.50

R. C. Lawrence Co.	115.00

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid of the Southern Nevada Disinfectant Company
be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The purchasing agent stated that bids were sent out on a radio receiver for the police
department but that none were returned.

Bids on oil from the following companys for 10,000 gallons of oil were opened at this time.

Standard Oil Company $569.70; Union Oil Company $494.00; Richfield Oil Co., $494.00; Associated
Oil Company $477.40 providing the freight rate is correct.

Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of Associated Oil be accepted provided the freight

rate is correct and if not that the next lowest bid be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and

His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids on a bench grinder three phase electric motor and attachments were opened at this time.

General Auto Parts $100; Quality Electric Company $103.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid of the General Auto Parts be accepted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids on a lawn mower for the cemetery were opened at this time from the following firms:

Salt Lake Hardware $339; Standard Wholesale Company $386.50. Commissioner Smith moved that the
bid of the Salt Lake Hardware Company be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.