Smith, Tinch, Clark and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the meeting adjourn until March 16, 1942 at the
hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
MARCH 16, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the city of Las
Vegas, held this 16th day of March, 1942. Meeting called to order by the City
Clerk.

Commissioner Smith moved that the Mayor Pro Tem, C. R. Clark preside at this
meeting due to the absence of Mayor Garrison, and be authorized to sign claims. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and Clark.



Meeting called to Order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by Mayor Pro Tem Clark with the following members
present:	Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux. City Clerk, Helen Scott. City Attorney,

Paul Ralli and the Purchasing Agent, LeRoy Whipple.	Absent: Mayor Garrison.

Minutes of the previous meetings of March 4th and 12th were read and approved.

Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers 652 to 658 inclusive be allowed and the
Mayor pro tem and city clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and
the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

A petition signed by Harold J. Stocker and his wife, Geraldine M. Stocker
requesting the closing of a certain alley, 20 feet in width, extending from Twelfth Street
to Thirteenth Street, and bounded on the north by Lots 1,2,3,4,5 & 6 and on the South by
Lots 7 to 12 was presented to the Board for consideration.

A letter from C. L. Horsey, Esquire and recommendations from the Planning
Board in regard to the above matter were read.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the request for closing said alley be granted.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith.

After the question Commissioner Smith withdrew his second to said motion and
same died for want of a second, and the matter was ordered referred to Mr. Petrie, Planning
Engineer.

A petition signed by residents and property owners of certain property in Buck's
Addition requesting rezoning was read and referred to the Planning Engineer.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid of the McQuay Supply Company for 1000
feet of pipe for $156.20 be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem
voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids for 200 sacks of Portland cement were opened from the following firms.
Woitishek Lumber Co. 76½ a sack. Ed Von Tobel Lumber Company - 76½¢ a sack.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the bid of Woitishek Lumber Company be accepted.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.