Commissioner Clark moved that $40.65 for a battery for the motor grader be allowed. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that J. C. Walsh be transferred from the Street Department to the



Electrical Department at $140.00 per month and that H. Jones receive $5.00 per day beginning December 1st, 1941.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch,
Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the claim of I. R. Stanley for curbing in the amount of
$187.00 be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the follow ng vote.
Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the claim of Charley Beckerman in the amount of $353.00
for work done at the War Memorial Building for the police department be allowed. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that a certain desk belonging to Wilma Fanatia be purchased for
$25.00 for the police department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter was read from Jimmy Crossan, golf professional for the city of Las Vegas,
containing certain recommendations for the golf course.

Commissioner Tinch moved that bids on gasolene be held over until the 16th of December, 1941.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch,
Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the bids on the transformer be rejected. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark,

Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that an additional man be hired in the Street Department three
or four days a week at $5.00 per day. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that $125.00 be allowed the city clerk to purchase 1 minute
book and an index. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the purchasing agent be authorized to purchase 5000
2¢ envelopes at $23.04 a thousand. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city clerk be allowed to hire a regular deputy at
$125.00 a month beginning December 1st, 1941. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that all of the employees in the Street Department be
given a raise in salary of 10% starting December 1st, 1941. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bids be let for two four yard dump trucks for the street
department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commi-
ssioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that he be allowed the necessary money to purchase necessary

signs for the city of Las Vegas not to exceed $150.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.