A petition signed by 53 6/10 percent of property owners in Stewart Addition, to the city of
Las Vegas requesting that the property be zoned to cover 25 foot set-back and also that the
cost of dwellings other than business buildings cost not less than $2500.00, was presented and
referred to the Planning Engineer for recommendation.

A petition signed by several property owners requesting permission to operate a grocery store
at 509 Jackson Street, West Side, was read and turned over to Mr. Tinch for investigation.

A letter from the Las Vegas Ministerial Association protesting the leasing of the City Park
for dog races was read and the clerk was directed to answer it informing them of the action
taken by the Board.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of the Nevada Electric in the sum of $203.00 for
heating and coaling at the golf course be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

A letter from Mr. Zaugg was read and referred to the city attorney for answer.

Commissioner Clark moved that the claim of I. R. Stanley in the sum of $22 be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Tinch moved that the bill of the Las Vegas Land & Water Co., for setting T's and fire hydrants in the H.F.M & M
tract in the sum of $33.24 be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bill of the Heating and Airconditioning Supply Company
in the sum of $350 for fixtures for the west wing of the War Memorial Hall be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the girls in the city clerk's office and Miss Culley and
Miss Ewalt be raised from $125 per month to $140 per month beginning as of July 1st, 1942.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Tinch be authorized to have bids issued for the
necessary wiring and equipment for the kitchen in the new city jail. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Ralph Laswell be reased from $90 per month to $120 per month
and Harry Jamison be raised from $175 to $190 per month - said raises to take effect as of
June 15th, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that he he allowed to hire four more men to be selected by himself
on the police force. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Clark moved that the city attorney be authorized to hire a man at once to do nothing but
investigate on prostitution and turn all such evidence over to the police department. Salary
to be $6 per day. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The city attorney was instructed to prepare an ordinance on busses.

Commissioner Clark moved that preparations be made to hire a bond attorney to start a bond
issue and also that the Mayor appoint a committee to look into the matter of hiring said
attorney. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereafter, His Honor appointed the following committee: Commissioners Smith and Clark to
meet with himself.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until June 22nd, 1942 at the hour of 10:00
A. M. Seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
JUNE 22, 1942

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 22nd day of June,
1942. Meeting called to order at the hour of 10:00 A. M., By His Honor, Mayor Howell C.
Garrison with the following members present: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch.
City Attorney, Paul Ralli, Deputy Clerk, Roy Whipple and city clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Minutes of the previous meeting were passed until the next regular meeting.

It was moved by Commissioner Tinch seconded by Commissioner and carried by the following
vote that the following Order of Street Vacation be confirmed:

ORDER OF STREET VACATION.