6/21/38

APPLICATION RESOLUTION # 4.

A resolution authorizing the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to file an application to the United
States of America through the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a grant to
aid in financing the construction of Las Vegas Sewer Improvements and designating the City
Engineer to furnish such information as the Government may request.

Be it resolved by the Board of City Commissioners:

SECTION 1. That H.P. Marble. Mayor, be and he is authorized to execute and file an
application on behalf of the City of Las Vegas to the United States of America for a grant to
aid in the financing the construction of the Las Vegas ewer Improvements.

SECTION 2. That C.D. Baker, City Engineer, be and he is hereby authorized and directed
to furnish such information as the United States of America through the Federal Emergency Admin-
istration of Public Works may reasonable request in connection with the application which is herein
authorized to be filed.

The above resolution was introduced by Commissioner H. Luce, and Seconded by Commissioner J.Ronnow
Vote was Commissioners, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor HUP. Marble voting Aye
Noes None. Absent Commissioner H.L. Perry.

No further business appearing before the Boar at this time the meeting adjourned until Friday the
24th, cay of June 1938 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 24th 1938

Minutes of a recessed special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 24th day of
June, 1938 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow, and City Clerk

Absent Commissioner Perry and Attorney Austin.

At this time the Board took under consideration the improving of certain properties in the
City of Las Vegas with sidewalks, and upon motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner
Krause the following Resolution was introduced and passed:

RESOLUTION NO 5.

A resolution authorizing the City of Las Vegas Nevada to file an application to the United States
of America through the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a grant to aid in
financing the construction of sidewalks and designating City Engineer to furnish such information
as the Government may request.

Be it resolved by the Board of City Commissioners

Section 1. That H.P. Marble, Mayor, be and he is authorized to execute and file an application on
behalf of he City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to the United States of America for a grant to aid in
financing the construction of sidewalks.

Section 2. That C.D. Baker, City Engineer he hereby authorized and directed to furnish such infor-
mation as the United States of America through the Federal Emergency Administration of Public
Works may reasonably request in connection with the application which is herein authorized to be
filed.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting ?ye. Noes, none.

The business of employing an engineer on the proposed improvements for the City was next brought
before the Board for consideration, and upon notion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner
Luce it was moved and carried that the Mayor and Commissioners enter into an agreement with C.D.
Baker for making preliminary plans, estimates of cost and and other items incidental to the
proposed improvement projects of the City. That the sun of $1,000.00 be the total cost of same
pending receipt of notice from the Federal Government of the allotment for said City
Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time meeting recessed and adjourned
until 29th day of June, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M	