That the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, does hereby grant a right-of-way
over certain land owned by it in the vicinity of the United States Flexibile Gunnery School,
more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

A right-of-way one hundred (100) feet wide over and across a portion of the NE¼
of Section 4, T. 20	S., R. 62 E., and the S½ of the SE¼ of the SE¼ of the NW¼ of the SE¼,

the of the NE¼, and the E½ of the NW¼ of Section 33; and the SE¼ of the SW¼ of Section
28, both in T. 19S., R 62 E., M.D.B. & M.; said right-of-way being fifty (50) feet wide
on each side of the surveyed centerline, which centerline is more particularly described
as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the point of intersection of said centerline at Engineer's Station
"B" O/- 76.85 P.O.T., with the left or northerly, seventy-five foot, right-of-way line of
U. S. Route 93; said point of beginning being further described as bearing S. 38° 43'

W. a distance of 788.58 feet from the northeast corner of said Section 4; thence N. 48˚

0' W along said ceterline a distance of 204.95 feet to a point; thence from a tangent
which is the last described course, curving to the right along said centerline with a
radius of 2000 feet, through an angle of 24 20' , a distance of 849.39 feet to a point;
thence N. 24°10'W. along said centerline a distance of 6350.64 feet to Engineer's
Identy "B" 74/ 81.83 P.O.T. equals ")" 74/- 81.83 P.C.; thence from a tangent which is the
last described course, curving to the right along said centerline with a radius of 4000
feet, through an angle of 5°55'50", a distance of 414.03 feet to the point of ending
at the intersection of said centerline at Engineer's Station 78/-95.86 P.O.C., with

the north boundary of the SE¼ of the SW¼ of said Section 28; said point of ending being
further described as bearing N. 39°08'20" W. a distance of 1745.15 feet from the south
quarter corner of said Section 28; containing an area of 17.95 acres, more or less.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote,
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A telegram from Congressman Scrugham stating that Joseph Rice was coming to
Las Vegas to work out plans to relieve housing shortage, was read.

A petition signed by property owners on the west side of North Sixth Street
between Stewart and Mesquite Streets requesting that that certain district be incor-
porated in the business and commercial Zone. Matter was referred to

A petition signed by citizens and property owners of Blocks 15 and 16, Pioneer
Heights Addition requesting lights, water and fire hydrants be installed in said addition
and that the streets be sprinkled. The matter was referred to Commissioners Rubidoux and
Clark.

Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendations of A. W Blackman regarding
a controller for the city be laid over for consideration. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the demand in favor of Le Roy Whipple for $100 back
pay, previously provided for in the budget, be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that beginning January 1st, 1942 the Chief Deputy City
Clerk's salary be increased 10%. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote.. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city auditor, A. W. Blackman, be given an
increase of 10% in salary beginning January 1st, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Hon or voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that a new complaint be filed against E. A. Allen for
violation for Ordinance 166. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that bids be let for a ½ ton pick up truck for the
light department. Said bids to be returned December 29th, 1941. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting a ye. Noes, none.