Garces Street from Seventh to Ninth Streets
Bonneville Street from Seventh to Ninth Streets;

Clark Street from Eighth Street to a point 140 feet east of Ninth Street;

Bridger Street from Eighth to Ninth Streets;

Carson Street from Eighth Street to a point 140 feet east of Ninth Street;

Linden Avenue from Fifth to Eighth Streets;

State Street from Oak Street southerly to intersection with Eighth Street;

Eighth Street from State Street to Mesquite Avenue.

and that the said plats and diagrams and estimates be filed with the City Clerk for public

examination.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Monday the 7th day of June, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
JUNE 16th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 7th day of June, 1937, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble and
Perry Deputy City Attorney Taylor and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Down, and City Attorney Austin.

Thereupon Viola Burns, City Clerk elect, presented her bond in the sum of Five Thous-
and ($5,000.00) Dollars from the United States Fidelity Trust Company, and her oath of office
was administered by Mayor Arnett, and she thereupon entered upon her duties as City Clerk.

The Clerk at this time was directed to file her oath of office and bond in the office
of the County Clerk.

Herbert Krause, Commissioner elect presented his bond in the sum of One Thousand ($1000.00)
Dollars, said bond having been approved by Kenneth Earl, Chairman of the Board of County
Commissioners of Clark County Nevada, as required by law. Mr. Krause was administered the

official oath of office by the City Clerk and at once entered upon his duties as a Commission
 of the City of Las Vegas.

Joe S. Ronnow, Commissioner elect presented his bond in the sum of One Thousand
($1,000.00) Dollars, said bond having been approved by Kennth Earl, Chairman of the Board of
County	Commissioners of	Clark County,	Nevada,	as required	by law.	Mr. Ronnow was	administered

the official	oath 	of office by the 	City Clerk and at once entered upon his duties as a Commissioner 

of the City of Las Vegas.

Mayor Arnett appointed the commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to the following posts:
Herbert Krause,	Police & Fire Commissioner

H.P.	Marble	Water Sewer & Light Commissioner

H.L.	Perry	Street Commissioner

Joe S. Ronnow	Finance Commissioner.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that H.P. Marble be appointed to act as Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Perry, and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none. Commissioner Marble not voting.

The Clerk reported at this time that the plans, estimates and specifications of the pro-
posed amendment to the Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3, had been filed in the office
of the Clerk as per order issued by the Board on the 4th day of June, 1937.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the plans, estimates of cost and plants of the proposed amendment to the Las Vegas 1937
Street Improvement District No. 3, as prepared by the City Engineer C.D. Baker, be accepted.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Perry the following Order was
adopted:

The Board having heretofore directed the City Engineer to prepare estimates, plats and
diagrams of certain street improvement work upon the following described streets, to-wit:

South First Street from Garces to Coolidge Street;

South Second Street from Garces to Coolidge Street;

South Third Street from Garces to Coolidge Street;

South Fourth Street from Garces to Coolidge Street;

South Fifth Street from Garces to Charleston Blvd;

South Seventh Street from Garces to Charleston Blvd;

South Eighth Street from from Clark to Garces Street:

South Ninth Street from Fremont Street to a point 150 feet south of Garces Street;

Gass Street from Main to Seventh Street;

Hoover Street from Main to Sixth Street;

Coolidge Street from Main to Fifth Street.

Charleston Blvd; from Seventh to Eighth Street;

Garces Street from Seventh to Ninth Street;