OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 22nd, 1938.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 22nd day of August, 1938 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Corradetti, Luce, Krause and Ronnow, City Attorney and
City Clerk

The business of limiting the number of gambling houses in the City of Las Vegas was again
discussed by the Board and after due consideration the following Resolution was introduced and
passed:

In keeping with the policy of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, as
adopted at previous meetings of the Board,

BE IT RESOLVED that until the further order of this Board it be and is hereby established
as the policy of this Board that no further gambling licenses be granted to any new gambling
clubs in the City of Las Vegas, and that until the further order of this Board no additional
gambling clubs, or gambling houses, be granted licenses in this City, other than the five gambling
clubs which are licensed to do business in this City at the present time and for the current quarter

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the
issuance of any new license or licenses for additional gambling games in any of the five gambling
clubs above referred to and which have licenses fur the current quarter, it being the policy of
this Board that until the further order of the Board no new or additional gambling clubs shall
be established or permitted in this City.

Commissioner Ronnow moved the adoption of the above and foregoing resolution and the same
was seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, and upon being put to vote was duly passed and adopted
by the following vote:

Commissioners Corradetti, Krause and Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor H.P. Mar-
ble voting aye. Noes, none. Absent none.

The State Engineer, hr. Smith and assistant Hugh Shamberger appeared before the Board in
regard to securing the help of Harry Jameson for one week. Mr. Jameson to aid these Engineers
in the survey being made in the Las Vegas Valley of the waiter situation.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that the City allow Mr. Jameson to aid the State Engineer, the salary of Mr. Jameson to
be paid by the City. Cliff Whitmore being relieved of his duties as Pound Master and taking Mr.

James place with Mr. Johnson in the care of the City park.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the Clerk notify Lloyd S. Payne, County Clerk that the check deposited with him as the city's
portion of the expense of the water survey, Las Vegas Valley be released to the State Engineer.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Krause reported to the Board at this time that the Las Vegas Golf Associ-
ation had secured additional donations making possible the purchase of a pump to be used at the
golf course.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the City purchase such pump and that the Clerk forward purchase order for same to the
Lyron-Jackson Co; Los Angeles, California. Cost approximately $550.00.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Friday the 26th day of August, 1938, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 26th, 1938.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 26th day of August, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Corradetti, Krause and Luce, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

Minutes of meetings of of June 21st, 24th and 29th, July 5th, 8th and 13th and August
4th read and approved as read.

Report on bid for a car to be used in the Police Dept. were next considered and upon Com-
missioner Corradetti's recommendation and motion and second by Commissioner Luce it was moved
and carried that the City purchase a Ford (four door) Sedan, Price of car being $500.00 plus the
allowance of $365.00 on Buick sedan. Said car to have larger generator installed, with some
additional expense.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause and Luce Aye. Noes, none. Mayor Marble passing his

vote.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that E.F.Tandy and Bernard Burger of the Recreation Department of the City be granted leave of
absence from September 1st to 15th with full compensation.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause and Luce and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.