Said petition being signed by a number of property owners.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a letter be forwarded to the Las Vegas Land & Water Company and ask that the company as a
"Public Utility" to make the necessary improvements to supply adequate water to this district,
Woodland Park Addition, and also that the company make provision to supply the H.F. M. & M. and
Valley View Tracks with water.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow the Clerk was directed
to write Dr. Mildren, City Health Officer, and request a written report from him covering the
sanitary conditions in Woodland Park, owing to lack of a proper and adequate water supply in
that district.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

The Clerk was also directed to write Mrs.E.A. McEachen, who filed the petition asking for
water supply for Woodland Park, of the action taken by the Board of Commissioners on this matter.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that C.D. Baker, City Engineer file the necessary papers required by the State of Nevada covering
the water rights of the City, on the well on ground at the City fish hatchery.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble, and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further businessappearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 4th, 1937.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 4th day of September, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow, and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett, Commissioner Perry and City Attorney.

No business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Krause seconded
by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that the meeting recessed until Monday the 13th
day of September, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

There upon the meeting recessed and adjourned until the above mentioned date.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
SEPTEMBER 13th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Nevada, held on the 13th day of September, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. on
said day.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow, City Attorney and
City Clerk.

Minutes of all meetings from August 11th, 1937 to September 4th 1937 read and approved
as read. Minutes covered dates of August 11th, Aug 12th, 16th, 23rd amd 30th, Sept. 4th, both
Special and regular meeting.

Mr. Krause, Chairman of the Board of Milk Inspection for the City of Las Vegas, informed
the Board of City Commissioners that at a meeting of the Milk Board held this date Dr. W.R.
Smith was endorsed for the position of Milk Inspector for the City of Las Vegas. City office
of milk Inspector being vacant since the death of Mr. Nash, former Milk Inspector.

Thereupon on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved
and carried that Mr. W.R.Smith be appointed to the office of Milk Inspector, as same is pro-
vided in Ordinance No. 200, of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes, none.