electrical products unless such products have been approved by the Electrical Inspector;
and National Board of underwirters, providing penalties for the violation of this ordinance
and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions of this
Ordinance," was read to the board for the first time on the 16th day of October, 1941, at
which time it was proposed, considered and voted upon unanimously adopted and thereafter
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal for a period of once each week for two
consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And it was thereafter read
aloud to the Board a second time at a regular meeting of the Board on the 16th day of
December, 1941. Thereafter, Commissioner Rubidoux moved that said Ordinance to be known
as Ordinance 258, be adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

The manager of the Victory Auto Court appeared to protest Section 7, of the proposed

trailer ordinance.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to secure the General Health of the City and to
prevent the introduction of contagious, infectious or malignant diseases into the city by
establishing regulations concerning automobile trailers, portable buildings, trucks and
wagons providing living or sleeping quarters for one or more persons, or occupied for business
purposes, and camps for the accommodation thereof; imposing a license tax on trailer camps;
declaring certain things to constitute a nuisance; and providing a penalty for the violation
thereof," was read to the Board for the first time on the 17th day of November, 1941,
at which time it was proposed, considered and the following vote was recorded: voting aye,
Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor Mayor Garrison. Commissioner Smith passed
his vote. Said ordinance was thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal
for a period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first
reading. And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board a second time at a regular meeting
of the Board on the 16th day of December, 1941. The following vote was recorded: Commissioners
Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Voting no, none. Commissioner Smith passed
his vote.

A group of property owners from the Sunrise Addition appeared before the Board at this
	

time and protested the adoption of the proposed Ordinance 263.

Thereafter, the Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance prohibiting prostitution, in the city

of Las Vegas and within one mile outside of the city limits thereof; to suppress, prohibit,

regulate and prescribe the location of houses of prostitution, and places resorted to for

the purpose of prostitution, and other matters relating thereto. And repealing all ordinances

and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith", was read to the Board for the first time on

the 21st day of November, 1941, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted upon

as follows: Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux voting aye. Voting No, Commissioner Smith

and His Honor Mayor Garrison. Thereafter it was published in the Las Vegas Age for a period

of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And

it was thereafter read aloud to the Board a second time at a regular meeting of the Board on

the 16th day of December, 1941. Thereafter, the following vote was recorded: Commissioners

Tinch, Clark, and Rubidoux voting a ye. Voting no, Commissioner Smith and His Honor Mayor

Garrison.



Commissioner Smith presented a written statement regarding his position on Ordinance
263. Commissioner Clark moved that said statement be recorded in the Minutes. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.