

Commissioner Clark moved that the request of the United States Department of Agriculture, for permission to open certain streets for the purpose

of constructing a water line be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that further employment of Louis Wiener, Jr., for
Blackman's office be discontinued with the understanding that if essential work arises
necessary to employ him temporarily he do so, with the understanding that a statement of
his time be turned in since he has been on the payroll at $100 per month. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for 12 #2 shovels, 12 miners picks,

12 grubbing hoes and 12 garden rakes. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Commissioner Tinch be allowed to hire a guard
to oversee prisoners while working for the city at a salary of $6 per day. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,
Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Frederick Malcolm Eaton be hired as assistant
city engineer at a salary of $200 per month, beginning February 17th, 1942. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,
Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that Commissioner Tinch be instructed to let one officer
make a survey of the city and make a check of new businesses operating without a license
and report to the city clerk, and further that an officer collect the delinquent licenses.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the school traffic officers be paid $5 a day for the
next ten days, after that $4 per day. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the telephone bill for the police department in the
sum of $70.55 be paid. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.



A statement from the Motor Supply Co., Inc., for rental or to apply on purchase price on a battery charger was

presented.

Commissioner Smith moved that Commissioner Tinch be instructed to request said
company to present his bill in full of the balance due in the sum of $100 less what has
been paid on it. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that two men be hired on police department, to come up
to standard qualifications as far as law work is concerned. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.