WHEREAS, Clark County, Nevada, has pledged itself or will pledge itself to pay Two Hundred
Fifty Dollars ($250.00) of the said Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00) requirement, and

WHEREAS, the Las Vegas Land and Water Company has agreed to contribute the sum of One Hun-
dred Twenty-Five Dollars ($125.00) for said purpose,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas that
the said City of Las Vegas do contribute the sum of One Hundred Twenty-five ($125.00) for said
purpose, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Treasurer be and he is hereby instructed to pay the
said sum of One Hundred Twenty-five Dollars ($125.00) to the Water Resources Branch of the U.S.
Geological Survey or such person or persons as it may name, as and for the contribution of the
said City of Las Vegas toward making up the necessary Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00) requirement
for said survey.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a certified copy of this resolution be forthwith forwarded to
Honorable Alfred Merritt Smith, State Engineer of the State of Nevada, by the City Clerk of the
City of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Ronnow proposed the adoption of the above and foregoing resolution and the same
was seconded by Commissioner Krause and upon being put to vote said resolution was duly adopted
by the following vote:

Voting Aye, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor, vo ting noes, none.
Absent Commissioner Perry.

On motion of Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the City purchase one car
load of oil from the Shell Oil Company. Said sale to be made through the Purchasing Clerk.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, None.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

JUNE 4th, 1938

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of June, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the Clerk.

An ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to amend Sections 1,2,3,4,13, and 15 of Ordinance
Number 161 of the City of Las Vegas entitled. "An ordinance regulating the business of doing
electrical Installation, fixture and connection work and providing for the examin-
ation of persons engaged in the same, creating a Board of Examination, regulating the sale of
electrical fixtures and appliances, providing for the licensing of electrical workers, providing
additional regulations for electrical installation, fixing a penalty for the violation thereof,
and repealing ordinances Number 156 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, 'An ordinance regulating
the business of doing electrical installation, fixture and connection work, and providing for
the examination of persons engaged in the same, and creating an examination Board, and providing
a penalty for the violation thereof,' And repealing Ordinance Number 128 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled, 'An Ordinance providing for the licensing of electrical workers in the City of Las Vegas,
and fixing a penalty for the violation thereof,' and repealing all ordinances and parts of or-
dinances in conflict with the provisions of this ordinance," approved July 14th, 1930 and
amended September 17th, 1931 by ordinance Number 174, and repealing Section 5 of said Ordinance
Number 161 as amended," was read to the Board for a second time and adopted by the following vote:
Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent Commis-
sioner Perry.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted to Murray L. Golden for 17 Fremont Street.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that bids received for the roofing of the Library be handed to the purchasing Clerk for checking. 

Also that the bids received for traffic paint be handled in the same manner.

 Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that F.H. Callihan of the Street Department of the City be given leave of absence from June
8th to 12th inclusive. This being annual leave with pay.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.