No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 16th day of November 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA,

NOVEMBER 16th, 1938.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 16th day of November, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Krause, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Corradetti, City Clerk and
City Attorney.

Absent Mayor Marble.

The business of adjusting salaries for the City employees was considered by the Board at
this time, and upon motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved
and carried that the salary of A.L Drew be placed at the sum of $150.00 per month commencing
December 1st, 1938.

Vote commissioners Ronnow Luce and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the salary of Henry Wilson would be based on a per diem baces effective December 1st,

1938.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes,
none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that demands Nos 41 to 47 inclusive be allowed at this time.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the Auditor transfer from the funds for a Municipal Golf Course the following sums to
the stated departments:

Street Fund	$1,500.00	P.W.A. Preliminary Costs	$1,045.00

Public Library	180.00	Promotion and Publicity	700.00

General Land Purchase 21.00	Fire Insurance	150.00

Miscellaneous	110.00

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioners Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow the following slot machine
licenses for the 4th quarter year were granted:

J.M. Sill 2, W.E.Ferron for White X Drug Co. 4, W.E.Ferron Las Vegas Pharmacy 2 and
John Stathis 1.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye Noes,

none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Monday the 21st day of November, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
NOVEMBER 21st, 1938.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 21st day of
November, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Krause, Commissioners Ronnow Luce and Corradetti, and City Clerk

Absent Mayor Marble and City Attorney Austin.

Mr. McNamee as attorney for the Las Vegas Land & Water Company and the Southern Nevada Power
Company accompanied by Mr. Ed Clark of the Southern Nevada Power Co. Mr. Vance of the Las Vegas Gas

Company and Mr. Folger of the Las Vegas Land & Water Company appeared before the Board and ask that
the Board consider lowering the rates required of public utilities when a revision of Ordinance

No. 243 would be considered. All stated that their respective company were willing to pay a reasonable
license fee but ask that a decrease in their rates be considered at the same time a modification
was made in other licenses demanded by the City.

No action was taken on the matter but the gentlemen were assured that their requests would be
considered and were ask to present in writing their wishes and rates they were willing to pay.

Mr. Henderson appeared before the Board in regard to persons securing electrical and plumbing
permits from licensed electricians and plumbers and then hiring a person not licensed to perform the

work.