JUNE 30th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 30th day of June, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry, City attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

Minutes of June 25th and 28th read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and car-
ried that all gaming licenses applied for at this time be granted, and that a retail bev-
erage license be granted E.A. Clark at 4 Fremont Street. Money covering all applications
being on file with the Clerk.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Messrs. Warswick, Hampton and Tapscott appeared before the Board asking that the
licensee governing electrical and plumbing work be modified as the same was acting as a
hindrance to building activities at this time. This committee was assured that the Board
would give this matter consideration at an early date.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved
and carried that the office of Municipal Judge be declared vacant. Said motion being made
at the recommendation of Mayor Arnett. Same to be effective as of July 1st, 1937

Vote* Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that Jack Lewis be appointed Municipal Judge until the further action of the Board,
and that said Jack Lewis qualify by taking the official oath of office and filing a bond in
the sum of $2,000.00 with the City Clerk. Salary of said office to be $100.00 per month.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes, none.
Commissioner Perry passing his vote.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— Viola Burns, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County is hereby called to be held in the National Hotel in the City of Las Vegas, Satur-
day the 3rd day of July, 1937, at the hour of three thirty o'clock P.M. on said day to
consider and act upon the following business:

1.	To met with Hon. Jas. G. Scrugham, Congressman, in connection with the City Proceeding
with plans for the construction and maintenance of a municipal airport on ground already
secured by the City.

Dated this 3rd day of July, 1937.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Herbert Krause,

H.	P. Marble, H.L. Perry and Joe Ronnow, Commissioners:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued
by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada will be held in the National Hotel in the City
of Las Vegas, Saturday the 3rd day of July, 1937 at the hour of three thirty o'clock P.M.
on said day to consider and act upon the following business:

1.	To meet with Hon. Jas. G. Scrugham, Congressman, in connection with the City
proceeding with plans for the construction and maintenance of a municipal air-
port on ground already secured by the City.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due
service of the foregoing notice of special meeting and represent that H.P. Marble, Commissioner

is absent from the City and his whereabouts are not easily ascertainable.