OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 4th, 1939.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 4th day of February, 1939 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti City Attorney and
City Clerk.

This being the time set by Ordinance for the allowance of salary warrants and demands for
materials and supplies on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was
moved and carried that claims and demands Nos. 88 to 99 inclusive be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the purchase of the wet garbage and
one (1) bid being in the hands of the Clerk upon direction of the Mayor the bid was opened.

Bid reading $55.00 per month for all wet garbage for three year contract signed Estate of Albert
Wittwer.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the bid of the Estate of Albert Wittwer for the purchase of wet garbage for the years Feb.

4th 1939 to Feb. 4th 1942 be accepted and that the City Attorney prepare such an agreement and
that the Mayor and Clerk be directed to sign same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the sale of one Reo Fire truck and
two (2) bids being in the hands of the Clerk the same was ordered opened by the Mayor.

Bids being received from Clark County Nevada $130.00 and from H Mack $25.00. A check for
$25.00 accompanying the bid of Mr. Mack.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried 

that the bid of Clark County Nevada be accepted and that the Check of Mr. Marks be returned.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and HiS Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried that
the Clerk and Mayor prepare and sign duplicate checks for the General Auto Parts. (These checks
being necessary as the original checks Nos. 76-26 for 35c and 78-11 for $27.42 had been stolen
when the office of the General Auto Parts had been burglarized the 1st of January 1939. Pay-
ment stopped on original checks. Substitute checks being Nos. 76-26a for 35c and 78-lla for
$27.42.)

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that Overland Drug Company be granted 3 slot machine licenses and E.P.Bihlmaier 9.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

----------See bottom of page 161.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that Don Borax be employed as a special officer for the month of February 1939 at the rate
of $5.00 per day.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Commissioner Corradetti secure bids for the recovering of the seats of the police cars.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that T.E.Connolly be employed as an extra officer for the month of February, 1939 rate
$5.00 per day.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and car-
ried that the meeting recess until Friday the 10th day of February, 1939 at the hour of seven
o'clock P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

There upon the meeting recessed until Friday the 10th day of February 1939 at 7 P.M.

It appearing to the Board that some changes were necessary in proposed Ord 246 as same was
read January 27th, 1939 it was agreed that the following entitled ordinance be adopted as Ord.

246 of the City: An ordinance to amend section 4, section 16 as amended, of Ordinance No. 203
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An ordinance regulating the distribution and control of intox-
icating and alcoholic liquors and beverages; regulating places where and under what conditions
said intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages may be kept, sold, given away or otherwise
distributed; providing for permits and licenses; providing penalties for the violation of this
ordinance; and repealing all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith;" and to
further amend said Ordinance No. 203 by adding thereto a new section to be known as Section 18 (a)
was read for a first time and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause
and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor H.P. Marble voting aye. Noes, none.