a week for two consecutive weeks.

Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon said Ordinance was read aloud in full for a first and second time on the above
mentioned date.

On motion by Commissioner Rubidoux seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote, Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux, Clark and His Honor voting aye, said Ordinance
was adopted.

Commissioner Clark moved that bids be let for radio tubes for the police department. Said
Bids to be returned November 17th. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the City Clerk write a letter to all bus companies located on
Fremont notifying them to move before the 1st day of January, 1942. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark,

Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Motion by Commissioner Clark seconded by Commissioner Smith a that a certain Resolution
regarding the vacating of a portion of Buol's Addition be referred to the City Planning
Commission for recommendation to be returned at the next regular meeting of the Board.

Motion carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved the acceptance of the Municipal Judge's Report for the month of
October. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the proposed ordinance covering numbering of houses
be referred to the Planning Commission and report back the 17th of November, Motion seconded
by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark,
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the salary of the fire marshall be set at $150.00 per month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Clark and Rubidoux voting aye. Noes, Commissioner Tinch. Mayor Garrison passed his
vote.

Commissioner Smith read his written report regarding leasing of certain lands for the Western
Air Express and same was ordered filed.

Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendations as set forth in his report that the sum
of $10 per month for the leasing of certain lands for the Western Air Express be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Harold Case, Fire Chief, appeared before the Board and made certain recommendations for the
installation of fire plugs within the city limits.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the matter be referred to the planning commission
and suggested that the fire chief meet with said commission, further, that a competent

stenographer be hired to take minutes of said meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote.	Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereafter, the Mayor instructed the Clerk to call a meeting of the Planning Commission

for 3:30 P.M., November 5th, 1941 at the City Hall and to secure a stenographer.

Mr. Kerns, Chief Administrator of the WPA, from Reno, Nevada appeared before the Board and
discussed proposed projects with them.