An Ordinance entitled "An ordinance to regulate construction of sidewalks and curbs
in the city of Las Vegas; providing for method of securing building permit for same, and the
fees for such permits: providing for materials to be used in such construction", was read
aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed regular meeting of the Board on the 17th
day of November 1941, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted upon and unanimously
adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Age, for a period of once each week for two
consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading. And it was thereafter read aloud
to the Board a second time at a regular meeting of the Board on the 4th day of December, 1941.

Commissioner Clark moved that said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 261 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance of the Commission of The City of Las Vegas, establish-
ing a residence district, industrial, and commercial districts, within the said city of Las
Vegas; defining such districts; declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain or operate
certain factories, works or establishments within said residence districts and said comm-
ercial districts; regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and re-
building of certain works or establishments in said districts, providing penalties for the
violation of said ordinance, and repealing ordinances in conflict herewith", was read to the
Board for the first time. Commissioner Clerk moved that said ordinance be adopted. Motion
Seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to amend section 7 of Ordinance No. 210 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled: 'An Ordinance to fix, impose, and provide for the collection of a
License Tax on Motor Propelled Vehicles operated for hire, and to regulate the operation
and running of the same, within the city of Las Vegas; fixing a penalty for the violation of
any of the provisions of this ordinance; and repealing Ordinance No. 100 and all the Ordinances
or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith", was read to the Board for the first time.
Commissioner Clark moved that said ordinance to be known as Ordinance 266, be adopted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark,
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



A group of businessmen accompanied by their attorney, A. P.G. Steffes, Esq., appeared before the Board, for the
purpose of protesting a proposed anti-picketing ordinance. Said proposed Ordinance was Ordered
held over until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Otto Underhill appeared before the Board on behalf of himself and other businessmen
of the City, asked that some provision be made for loading zones on Fremont. The matter was
referred to Commissioner Tinch to report back on at the next regular meeting.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Concerning the Numbering of
Buildings, Numbering of Streets, and Re-Naming of Streets; repealing Ordinance No. 44," was
read aloud to the Board for the first time at a recessed regular meeting of the Board on the
17th day of November, 1941, at which time it was proposed, considered and voted upon and
unanimously adopted and thereafter published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal for a
period of once each week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading.

And it was thereafter read aloud to the Board a second time at a regular meeting of the Board
on the 4th day of December, 1941. Commissioner Clark moved that said Ordinance, to be known
as Ordinance No. 262, be adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the city adopt the purchasing procedure as recommended
by the city auditor. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following