On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved ana carried
that from this date forward that representatives of the City making trips for the good of the
city or on city business present an itemized account of their expenditures on said trips
and then be reimbursed for the same.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.

Bids for the purchase of anti-freeze were opened at this time and on motion of commissioner
Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the bid of the Motor Supply Co
for 70 gal. of anti-freeze. be accepted. Bid price $123.90

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner
Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until
Tuesday the 12th day of November, 1940 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

There upon said meeting recessed until the hour of ten o'clock A.M. November 12th, 1940.

CALL OF A SPECIAL MEETING

TO— VIOLA BURNS, CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

A Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is hereby called
to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office, Friday the 8th day of
November, 1940 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the following:

1.	To consider remodeling the ball park so that same maybe suitable for a base ba 11 diamond.

Dated this 8th day of November, 1940.

John L. Russell
Mayor.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- JOHN L RUSSELL MAYOR AND TO JOE S RONNOW

C V T GILBERT, HERB KRAUSE, AND AL CORRADETTI
COMMISSIONERS:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor
of the City of Las Vegas a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office on Friday the 8th day
of November, 1940 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the following:

1.	To consider remodeling the ball park so that the same maybe suitable for a base ball diamond.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service
of the foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

John L. Russell	C.V.T.Gilbert Herb Krause	A Corradetti

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner	Commissioner

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the
8th day of November, 1940 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

The business to be considered at this time being the remodeling of the ball park the Board at once
discussed the matter with Mr. Oliver, also Mr. Liles and Mr O'Donnell of the Junior Chamber of Commerce. 

Mr. Oliver had not secured the sponsor ship of a base ball association from the members of the
Jr. Chamber of Commerce and Mr. Lilies and Mr. O'Donnell not being in position to pledge the organ-
ization which they represented to support such a project no action was taken on the matter. It ap-
peared to the Board that an organization or association should be formed to correctly carry on a
series of games.

No further business appearing before the Board on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by 

Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that this meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
There upon said meeting adjourned.