Section 111. Ownership of Improvements

That all improvements made under the project shall be the sole ana absolute property of the
City of Las Vegas, except where specifically agreed otherwise prior to the undertaking of the im-
provement or installation.

Section IV. Maintenance of Airport Facilities

That the City of Las Vegas agrees to accept full responsibility for the maintenance of the Las
Vegas Airport, to include all work undertaken under this project by the United States of America/

Section V. The Operation of the Airport.

That the City of Las Vegas agrees to accept full responsibility for the operation of the Las
Vegas Airport for the use and benefit of the public on reasonable terms and without unjust discrim-
ination and to grant no exclusive right therein contrary to the provisions of Section 303 of the
Civil Aeronautics Act of 1938.

Section VI. Prevention of Hazards.

The the City of Las Vegas agrees, insofar as is reasonably possible and within its legal
ability to protect the aerial approaches to the airport from the erection of structures or from
growth tending to render the use of the airport dangerous to aircraft and that it will not erect
on the airport or permit to be erected, any structure or building which will limit the usefulness
of the airport or constitute a hazard to aircraft using the airport.

Section VII. Cooperation.

That the City of Las Vegas agrees to cooperate with the Civil Aeronautics Administration in
the orderly prosecution of the project.

Section VIII. Release from Claims.

That the City of Las Vegas agrees to hold the United States harmless from any and all claims
or damages which may arise from the construction activities of the United States but are not a
definite part thereof.

Section XI. Certification.

_ That the City Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to send to the Administrator through the
Regional Civil Aeronautics Santa Monica Cal. two certified copies of this Resolution with two
Certified copies of an extract of the minutes of the meeting of this Board of City Commissioners
showing all proceedings in connection with the adoption of this resolution.

Vote on the adoption of the foregoing Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Krause and
Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent Commissioners Ronnow and
Gilbert.

The business being conclude d for which this meeting was call the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
JANUARY 4th, 1941.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Clark
County, Nevada held on the 4th day of January, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti City Attorney
Austin and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Mayor Russell upon calling the meeting to order read the following:

Las Vegas Nevada,

Pat Clark, is hereby appointed Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas to fill the vacancy
caused by the resignation of Joe Ronnow, to hold office during the unexpired term of said
Joe Ronnow, resigned.

William Gore, is hereby appointed Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas to fill the
vacancy caused by the resignation of Herbert Krause, to hold said office during the unexpired
term of said Herbert Krause, resigned.

R.J. Kaltenborn, is hereby appointed Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas to fill the
vacancy caused by the resignation of C.V.T. Gilbert, to hold office said office during the
unexpired term of said C.V.T. Gilbert, resigned.

Arthur F. Smith, Sr., is hereby appointed Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas to fill the
vacancy caused by the resignation of A. Corradetti, to hold said office during the unexpired
term of said A. Corradetti, resigned.

Dated this 4th day of January, 1941.

John L. Russell

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Thereupon the Mayor ask that these gentlemen take their places about the table. City Attorney
Austin informed those present that the office of the four Commissioners were not vacant and that
Mr. Gore, Mr. Kaltenfborn and Mr. Clark and Mr. Smith were not entitled to sit at the Board and
declared that this meeting being conducted by Mayor Russell and Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert,
Krause and Corradetti was legal and in regular form.