Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 9th day of March, 1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry Deputy City
Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett, Commissioner Down and City Attorney Taylor.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
Commissioner Marble act as chairman at this meeting owing to the absence of both the Mayor and
Mayor Pro Tem.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Perry and Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried that
the following Preambles and Resolution be adopted:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, has heretofore entered into a contract with Bebek
& Brkich, covering certain improvements in Las Vegas, Nevada, 1937 Improvement District No. 3; and
WHEREAS, there was inadvertantly omitted from the "minimum hour wage rate" provisions for curb
and gutter form setter's helper: now therefore,

BE IT RESOLVED; That there be added to the "minimum hour wage rate" in the contract aforesaid
the following classification, to-wit: "Curb and gutter from setter's helper $0.70" and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED: That the proper City officials are hereby authorized and directed
to execute such instruments as mar be necessary to make the foregoing resolution effective,

Vote was Commissioners Krause Perry and Marble voting aye. Noes, none. Absent Mayor
and Commissioner Down.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING_______

TO— Viola Burns City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called to
be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office in the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, Wednesday the 10th day of March, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. on said day
to consider and act upon the following business.

1. To met with and discuss plans with the Las Vegas Horseman's Association.

Dated this 10th day of March, 1937.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Jas. H. Down,

Herbert Krause, H.P. Marble, and H.L. Perry, Commissioners

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE; That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office, on Wed-
nesday the 10th day of March, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. on said day to consider
and act upon the following:

1. To met with and discuss plans with the Las Vegas Horseman's Association.

Dated this 10th day of March 1937.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the under signed Mayor and Commission rs of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service
of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

L.L. Arnett	Jas. H. Down	Herbert Krause 

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

H.P. Marble	H.L. Perry

Commissioner	Commissioner

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 10th day of March, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present were Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry, City Attorney and
City Clerk.

Mr. Blackman and Mr. Ritter of the Las Vegas Horseman's Association appeared before the Board
in regard to the City's support for the forth coming Rodeo to be held in the City in May, 1937.

This Committee was assured that the Board of commissioners would help in the support of this
rodeo in every way it possibly could. No definite act on any particular part of the details was
taken at this time.