The business being concluded for which this meeting was called said meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

APRIL 4th 1941.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las V gas Nevada, held

on the 4th day of April, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of March 18th and 25th, 1941 read and approved as read.

Robt. Heether of the F.O.E. appeared before the Board and ask permission for the F O E to
use the War Memorial Building Sunday May the 11th for a Mothers' Day programme to be sponsored by
the organization.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the F O E be granted use of the War Memorial Building, rent fee, Sunday May 11th, 1941.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Several persons interested in securing taxi stands on Fremont Street appeared before the Board
and as difficulties had arisen over the ownership of taxi cars and the use of space alloted, on
motion of Commissioner Ronnow Seconded by commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that the appli-
cation of the Mission and Apache Taxi Cab Companies be held in abayance until such time as the owner-
ship of same were established and that the taxi cabs not be allowed to operate until such time as
the Board had taken definite action of the granting of the applications.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor voting

no.

Miss Maude Frazier, Supt of School in the City appeared before the Board in regard to the use of
the War Memorial Building for the graduation exercises of the Las Vegas High School and the Las Vegas
Grammar School to be held on the nights of May 28th and 29th, 1941.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that
permission be granted to the Las Vegas Public School system for use of the War Memorial Building the
nights of May 28th and 29th,	1941 rent free but the School System to pay the sum of $10 00 per night

toward the extra janitor service needed.

   Vote commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the following Warrants be approved and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same. Warrants Nos.

489 to 496 inclusive.

Vote commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Guy Mathis and C.D.Baker appeared before the Board with the Plat of Beckley's Subdivision for
the approval of the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the Plat of Beckley's Subdivision be handed to the City Planning Commission for its approval
before any action would be taken by this Board of Commissioners.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

Mr. Franklin appeared before the Board with the plat of Vega Verdi Addition and on motion of
Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commission Corradetti it was moved and carried that the plat of
Vega Verdi be handed to the City Planning Commission for its recommendation before action would
be taken by the Board of Commissioners.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

City Attorney Austin presented to the Board the signed lease from the U.S. Government for the
use of the ground at the Las Vegas Airport, and a letter of acceptance of said signed lease ready
the the signature of the Mayor.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the signed lease from the U.S. of America be filed and that the Mayor sign and forward the letter
of acceptance of said lease.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.



On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that
the Mayor and Clerk sign the lease had between the City of Las Vegas and the Nevada National Guards
for use of the War Memorial Building. Said form of lease being approved by Gray Mashburn, the Attorney
General of the State of Nevada. Said lease supercedes former lease signed by the City of Las Vegas.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that

bids for tires and parts for sprinkler opened at this time be tabulated by the Purchasing Clerk and
considered at the next meeting of the Board.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti. and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.