An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend section 1, as amended, of Ordinance Number
168 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas,
establishing a residence district, industrial and commercial districts, within the said City
of Las Vegas; defining such districts; declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain,
or operate certain factories, works or establishments within said residence districts and said
commercial districts; regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and re-
building of certain works or establishments in said districts; providing penalties for the viol-
ation of said ordinance, and repealing ordinances in conflict herewith," was read to the Board
for a second time and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and
Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent none.

The following letter was read to the Board at this time:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

August 5th, 1940.

To the Honorable Mayor and Members of the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

Frequently requests are made to the Board of City Commissioners for certain ex-
penditures to be made for some specific improvement or work, and the person or persons making
the request are told that there is no money for such purpose in the City Budget.

Recently too, it has come to the attention of the Finance Commissioner of this Board,
that certain opposition has lately developed to the City's application for an emergency loan
on the ground that such loan is not necessary.

The budget law of the State requires that all expenditures for the year be included in,
and set up in that budget, under certain detail which the state legislature has required. There-
fore it is impossible for the City to make any expenditure in any given department unless such
item is included in the City budget for that department. Nor is it possible to use money
budgeted for one department for improvements in some other department.

In order to clear up these points in the public mind and to show not only the de-
sirability of making an emergency loan, but also the imperative necessity therefor, the
following statement and report has been prepared under my direction and at my request and the
which I herewith submit to you.

Respectfully,

A Corradetti,

Finance Commissioner.

City Attorney Austin then at the request of Commissioner Corradetti read the above-
mentioned report.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and
carried that the said report be spread on the minutes and that the Clerk forward a certified
copy of the report to the State Board of Finance.

REPORT OF FINANCE COMMISSIONER
AUGUST 5th, 1940.

Prior to January 16th, 1940, the local Post of the American Legion represented to certain
members of the Board of City Commissioners of this City that it was imperative that said Post
raise the sum of $10,000.00 to be used in retiring bonds against the War Memorial Building and
suggested selling the building to the City of Las Vegas for the sum of $15,000.00.

At a meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on January 16th, 1940, the Mayor
appointed a committee consisting of Commissioners Joe S. Ronnow, C. V. T. Gilbert and Al Corra-
detti, to meet with the local Post of the American Legion relative to taking over the War Memo-
rial Building.

On February 9th, 1940, Commissioner Joe S. Ronnow reported for the committee to the City
Board the findings of said committee, favoring the said purchase for the sum of $15,000.00 and
requested a resolution of the City Board to set aside the sum of $10,000.00 from City funds, to
be placed in escrow upon such purchase.

On February 16th, 1940, this Board, all members being present, passed a resolution offering
tp purchase said War Memorial Building and certain furniture, equipment and contents for the
sum of $15,000.00, and authorizing the Mayor and City Clerk to draw a warrant on the City in the
sum of $10,000.00 upon the acceptance of the City's offer by said American Legion Post, and
directing that a copy of such resolution and offer be delivered to said American Legion Post
for action by such Post. The vote upon this resolution was as follows: Commissioner Ronnow,
Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor, the Mayor, voting aye; voting no, none.

On February 21st, 1940 the resolution of the American Legion Post accepting the City's
offer was presented to this Board and this Board passed a resolution approving the contract of
purchase. The vote upon this resolution was as follows: Commissioner Ronnow, Krause and
Corradetti His Honor, the Mayor, voting aye; Voting No, none. Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

On March 4th, 1940, the Mayor discharged said committee of Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti
and thanked them for their co-operation and work in regard to the City taking over and making
the purchase of said War Memorial Building.

On March 8th, 1940, a resolution was adopted by this Board to borrow $20,000.00 from the
First National Bank of Nevada, Las Vegas Branch, $10,000.00 of which is to replace the $10,000.00
placed in escrow; $5,000.00 to complete the purchase price and which is due and payable on or before
December 31st, 1940, and $5,000.00 for remodelling the front of said Was Memorial Building for
City offices, and directing that notice thereof be published, as required by law. The vote
upon this resolution was as follows: Voting aye, Commissioner Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause, and
Corradetti, and His Honor, the Mayor; Voting No, none.

On April 4th, 1940, after legal publication of such notice, an emergency loan resolution was
adopted by this board, to borrow said sum of $20,000.00 from said bank for two and one half years