At this time the Board entered into a discussion as to the action to be taken by the Las
Vegas Power Board, and Mayor Arnett made his recommendations to the Board. Mr. Arnett recommended
 that the joint meeting be held with the Power Board Friday April 8th, at the hour of
7 o'clock P.M. and at that time definitely from the Power Board whether or not the City of Las
Vegas should construct or purchase a power plant and distributing system for the City of Las
Vegas. That the Power Board file in the office of the Clerk a written report of its findings
in regard to this recommendation and that the Board of City Commissioners take immediate steps
to comply with the request of the Federal government so that Federal Aid might be secured on
the power project for the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City Attorney be instructed to prepare a form of agreement had between the City of Las
Vegas and Mrs. Frye covering lease on the buildings used for a cafe at the Municipal Plunge
if same met with the satisfaction of the Recreation Board.

Vote Commissioners Krause Ronnow and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the report from the Nevada State Employment Service covering placement for work be placed
on file in the Clerk's office for future reference.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none .

On motion of Mayor Arnett seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the City Clerk notify the members of the Power Board of a meeting to be held with the Board of
City Commissioners April 8th, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Marble, and His Honor the mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that D.A.Sherman and Joe Morgan be granted retail tavern liquor licenses and that A.L. Kahre
and Ted Konduras be granted retail beverage licenses. Applications being approved by the Chief
of Police David Mackey.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

C.D.Baker City Engineer presented to the Board plats and estimates of cost of the pro-
posed street improvement c consisting of curb and gutters for South and Wardie Additions to the
City.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Board of Commissioner accept the plans and estimates of cost as same wes prepared by
Mr. Baker, and that same be filed in the office of the Clerk.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the draft of the ordinance covering zoning in South and Wardie Additions to the City of Las
Vegas as same was prepared by the City Engineer be handed to Mr. Austin, City Attorney for
final drafting.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Friday the 8th day of April, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 8th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 8th day
of April, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett and Commissioner Perry.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that J.K. Houssels be granted a retail tavern license for 22 Fremont St. Application being ap-
proved by the Chief of Police.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that slot machine licenses applied for by the Vegas Sweet Shoppe and J.K. Houssels be granted.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that four slot machine licenses be granted to the Bank Club.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

The gaming application of the Bank Club being tabled for the time being.

At this time the members of the Power Board met with the Board of City Commissioners and
presented to the Board its report covering the purchase or installation of a power system for
the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the report of the Power Committee be spread on the minutes of this meeting and same to be
used for future reference.