OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,
February 4th, 1941

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County Nevada, held on the 4th day of February 1941 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti City Attorney and
Clerk.

Minutes of Special meeting held on the 23rd cay of January 1941 at the hour of eleven o'clock

A.M. and recessed regular meeting held at the hour of seven thirty P.M. on said day read and
approved as read.

Before proceeding with the meeting Mayor Russell stated"that "on advice of council he did not
recognize the authority of the old council to act namely Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and
Corradetti.

Commissioner Ronnow stated that he upheld the decision of the City Attorney, Mr. Austin as
he was the duly elected, qualified and acting City Attorney, that the four Commissioners, Messrs.
Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti were the duly elected, qualified and acting Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas and that they will sit and transact City business at this time.

Upon Mayor Russell's refusal act with the four Commissioners on motion of Commissioner
Gilbert seconded by commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that the Mayor Pro Tem take the
chair and that the meeting proceed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye.

Mayor Russell voting no stating that the meeting was illegal.

Bn motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the Mayor Pro Tem and the clerk be authorized to sign Warrants Nos. 460 to 467 as
payment of same was approved by the Board.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye.

Noes, none. Mayor Russell stating that he did not wish to vote on the same.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes,
none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that one poker game license be granted to the Kiva Club, 131 Fremont St.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes,
none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the following licenses be granted:

E O Underhill, Wholesale liquor license and liquor importer's license.

Sewell's United Stores, Inc; Boulder Club Inc; and Blaine Johnson retail beverage licenses

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and car-
ried that the report of A.G. Blad for the month of January, 1941 covering Municipal Court fines
be approved. Fines collected $261.00

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes
none.

A letter from the City Auditor A.W. Blackman drawing to the attention of the Commissioners
the fact there was a surplus remaining in several accounts of the City and stating that it would be
necessary to get permission from the State Legislature to place said amounts in the General Fund
was read to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the City Attorney draft a form of bill ready for presentation by the Clark County Delegation
to the State Legislature empowering the City of Las Vegas to place said surpluses in the
General Fund and to forward said form of bill at once to the Clark County Delegation.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes,
none.

A form of lease had with the City of Las Vegas and State of Nevada covering use of the

War Memorial Bldg. by the National Guards of the State of Nevada was presented to the Board	by

the City Attorney.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that said form of lease as presented to the Board at this time be signed by the proper authorities

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes
none.

Bids for	the purchase of a "lub gun" were opened at this time and upon finding only one	bid

in	the hands	of the Clerk on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert	it	was

moved and carried that LeRoy Whipple Purchasing Clerk for the City send out of the City for bids
and that same be opened at a recessed regular meeting of the Board to be held on the 17th day of
February, 1941.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes,
none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved ana car-
ried that the bid of the Standard Wholesale Supply Co for purchase of 36 fire plug caps at $1.12½
each be accepted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes
none.