On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the bid of the Standard Whle. Supply Company for materials to be used towards the installa-
tion of lights at the tennis court be accepted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the bids received and opened at the meeting on September 16th for a truck to be used by the
Street Department on which report was made at this time be rejected.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Three (3) petitions signed by a number of property owners on Westside asking the Board of Com-
missioners to zone said Westside, placing a minimum value on all dwellings erected in certain
parts of said Westside, restricting parts of said Westside to certain races was read to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that these petitions be filed with the Clerk until such time as the Board may deem it necessary
to decide on said petitions.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti end His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Mr. Gibson and Mr. Burger appeared before the Board and ask that steps be taken to install
toilet facilities at the Scout Cabins. These gentlemen were informed that the City would not be
able to make any improvements at the cabins at this time but funds for improvements might be in-
cluded in the 1940 budget.

Commissioner Gilbert ask that the Board of Commissioners go on record as approving his actions
in commencing the repairs to the grand stand, and barns at the city park. This work being under
taken so that these buildings would be ready for the fall race meet.

After some discussion on the matter Commissioner Ronnow moved that the Board accept the
actions of Commissioner Gilbert is commencing work on the grand stand and park buildings and also
approved the purchase of materials used at the park. Said purchase of materials being the same as
approved previously by Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, and Corradetti. Motion seconded by Commis-
sioner Corradetti.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell passing
his vote and making the following statement after the vote was called: "I would like to have the
records show that this motion is out of order and that it was passed by the Commissioners with-
out my approval and that I did not ratify any	acts of the Commissioners	in the purchase of

material from Woitishek Lumber Co for the sum	of $199.90.

Mayor Russell then appointed Commissioners Gilbert and Krause to prepare rules governing the
use of the barns owned by the City at the race tract and report back to the Board at the next
meeting.

W.B. Bates of the Southwest Plumbing Co.	appeared before the Board	and	introduced Mr. Fitz-
gerald to the Board. Mr. Fitzgerald being a National Representative of	the	Plumbers Local. Mr.

Fitzgerald ask that the Board not consider a revision of the local pluming ordinance or a lower-
ing of the license or fees.

Rev.H.W. Brown of the Council of the Assembly of God appeared before the Board and ask per-
mission to erect a tent on the corner of 7th and Fremont Street in which to hold church meetings
for the next two months. Permission of the owners having been secured.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that Rev. Brown be given permission to erect a tent on 7tb & Fremont Sts. in which to hold church
meetings.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner Gilbert	at this	time ask	the Board for permission to continue with the	improve-
ments at the park so that	same would be in	proper	condition for the fall race meet.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that Commissioner Gilbert proceed with the completion of the repairs at the grand stand, barns
and race track so that same would be in order by the time of the fall race meet.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The matter of the Board of Commissioners of the City attending the Diamond Jubilee in
Carson City October 31st, was discussed at this time and on motion of Commission Krause seconded by
Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that the Mayor and Commissioners attend the cele-
bration in carson City and secure	proper costumes	for same at the expense of the City.

Vote Commissioners	Ronnow,	Gilbert,	Krause	and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor	voting

aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the sum of $75.00 be allowed the Mayor and each Commissioner toward the expenses of the trip.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The report of the Water Sewer and Light Commissioner and Electrical Inspector in regard to
the condition of the power system in the City was read to the Board. This report made at the re-
quest of the Mayor. Report filed with the Clerk.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner
Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that the meeting recess until
Monday the 9th day of October 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.