On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that the hour of the regular meeting of the month be changed from the hour of seven
o'clock P.M. to seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Mayor Russell appointed Commissioner Ronnow as chairman to prepare plans for the enter-
tainment of the members of the Municipal League of Utah on its visit to the City of Las Vegas
Saturday Sept. 2nd, 1939.

An application of A.L. Riddle to operate a second car or taxi on the streets of the City
of Las Vegas was read to the Board and on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commission-
er Krause it was moved and carried that this application be handed City Attorney Austin for
checking and also that the protest filed against the granting of this application also be
given Mr. Austin for investigation and recommendation. That Mr. Austin report back to the
Board at the meeting to be held on the 21st day of July.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayorvoting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and car-
ried that all liquor importers a licenses applied for at this time be granted also the whole-
sale beverage license of the Las Vegas Distributing Inc.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Board hold a meeting the night of July 27th at the hour of seven thirty P.M. to discuss 

a proposed ordinance governing the routing of trucks in the City and the license fee there
for.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

An Emergency Ordinance known as "AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT THE WASTE OF WATER:
DEFINING WASTE OF WATER: REGULATING THE USE THEREOF: AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION
OF THIS ORDINANCE: AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH" was read to the Board
for a first time and upon second reading was adopted by the following vote: Commissioners
Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor John L. Russell voting aye.

Noes, none.

This ordinance to be known as Ordinance	No. 247	of the City	of Las Vegas and to be in

full	force and effect from and after its final publication in the	Las Vegas Review Journal.

The bids opened at the regular meeting	on July	5th for the	purchase of lamps for the

City	of Las Vegas were presented in tabulated	form by	the Purchasing Clerk Le Roy Whipple.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that the bids of the Connolley Electric Company be accepted and that the Mayor sign
the contract for the purchase of lamps for the ensuing year.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

The matter of making a change in the lights on No. Main Street was considered and Com-
missioner Corradetti recommended that this change be made as it would eliminate some of the
danger from accidents on this part of the highway and so moved that this improvement be made
at a cost of approximately $50.00. Commissioner Corradetti's motion was seconded by Commis-
sioner Gilbert and the vote was as follows: Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corra-
detti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Repairs to the Ford car used by the Electrical Inspector was considered and upon re-
commendation and motion of Commissioner Corradetti it seconded by Commissioner Krause it was
moved and carried that the City have this car repaired at a cost of approximately $20.20.

This work being done away from the City shops as due to an extra mount of work being on
hand at this time the mechanics there would not be able to handle same at this time.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor vot-
ing aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that Ike Pullum be granted annual vacation from July 18th to August 3rd and A.

Maufas be granted annual vacation August 3rd to 18th, 1939. That Ralph Simpson be employed
during the time these employees were on vacation.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and car-
ried that the following police officers be given vacation as follows: Eather Levaitt from
August 1st to 15th and George Thompson from August 15th to 31st.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the bills for the City of Las Vegas be for the next months be published alternate months
in the Las Vegas Review Journal and the Las Vegas Age.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.