CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

To-- Viola Burns, City Clerk

City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

A Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office, Tuesday the 25th
day of March, 1941 at the hour of eleven thirty A.M. on said day to consider and act upon the
following:

I. To consider all business necessary to be transacted at this time in connection with the
Las Vegas Municipal Airport land and construction of same or ary buildings thereon.

Dated this 25th day of March, 1941.

John L. Russell____

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Nev.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

To --John L. Russell Mayor and to

C.V.T. Gilbert, Joe S. Ronnow, Al Corradetti
Herbert Krause Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas is hereby called to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's
office this 25th day of March, 1941 at the hour of eleven thirty A.M. to consider and act
upon the following:

I. To consider all business necessary to be transacted at this time in connection with the
Las Vegas Municipal Airport land and construction of same, or any buildings thereon.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE: the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, hereby admit due service
of the foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

John L. Russell	C.V.T. GILBERT	JOE RONNOW

MAYOR	COMMISSIONER	COMMISSIONER

HERB KRAUSE	A. CORRADETTI

COMMISSIONER	COMMISSIONER

Office of the City Clerk City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada,

March 25th, 1941.

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held on the 25th day of March 1941 at the hour of eleven thirty A.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti City Attorney and Clerk
Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

The purpose of this meeting to consider business in regard to the Municipal Airport the Board
at once entered into a discussion on the transfer of land from the Western Air Express to the
City of Las Vegas whereby the City would acquire title to all ground so that government aid might
be secured and the U.S. Army commence construction of said airport.

	No definite programme being arrived at at the hour of twelve o'clock noon on motion of Com-

seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that this meeting
recess until the hour of three O'clock P.M. this day.

	Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Present at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and

Corradetti, City Attorney and Clerk.

After due consideration on the matter at hand on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner
 Krause it was moved and carried that the Mayor and Clerk sign the form of lease and
agreement in regard to the transfer of ground to the City for airport purposes.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes None.

Wm Busick presented to the Board a number of petitions similar in form to those
presented at March 18th meeting and Commissioner Ronnow, made the following statement:
That the petitions not be filed or action taken on said petitions at this time as this was a

Special meeting and only such business as sent forth in the call could be considered at this date.

and in face of the the fact that various suits were pending in the local court that all action on
sane be deferred at this time.