Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce, it was moved and carried
that bids received for a cooler for the Clerk's Office he handed to Commissioner Krause and
that he purchase a cooler for said office within the sum budgeted for same.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Luce, and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

The matter of causing property owners to tie into the City sewers was again considered
by the Board, and on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved
and carried that the City Attorney follow out the provisions of the ordinance governing use of
City sewers.

Vote Commissioners Krause Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by commissioner Ronnow It was moved and carried
that men employed under the W.P.A. on city projects not be used to work in any of the departments
of the City but used solely on designated projects.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Friday the 17th ay of Kune, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 17th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas hell on the 17th day of Kune, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

Chas. Gartside appeared before the Board at this time inregard to the labor situation in
the City of Las Vegas. Mr. Gartside was desirous of having the Board of Commissioners write to
labor heads on behalf of the owner of "The Market Spot."

After due consideration on the matter it was the unanimous decision of that Board that no
action be taken on this matter.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause that George H. Wood, C.P.A.
be and he is hereby engaged to devise a municipal accounting system for the City of Las Vegas,
together with the necessary financial and accounting forms and outline of the procedure for same.
That compensation for said services to be at the rate of $25.00 per day for the services of George
H. Wood, C.P.A., $15.00 per day for assistants and $5.00 per day for stenographic service. Nec-
essary traveling and hotel expenses in connection with the installation of said system to be paid
by the City of Las Vegas.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Commissioner Ronnow, Finance Commissioner write Mr. Wood and ascertain the approximate cost
of preparing said accounting system and installation thereof.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce the following entitled
ordinance was read for the first time," An Ordinance Providing for the registration and operation
of bicycles in the City of Las Vegas and providing penalty for the Violation there of," and the
Clerk be directed to have said Ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper pub-
lished in the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on the adoption of the ordinance was Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow, and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the Clark be instructed to have published a notice to interested property owners asking that they
present in writing their suggestions in regard to the proposed "Zoning Ordinance."

Vote commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that H.O. Johnson of the Street Dept. be granted leave of absence from June 20th to 24th inclusive.
and that Viola Burns City Clerk be granted leave from June 20th to 23rd inclusive.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioners Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was move and carried
that Mayor Marble sign a . form of agreement with the Standard Oil Company covering purchase of
road oil during the year 1938.		

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none*

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Commissioner Luce have installed street lights at the intersection of South Main and Charles-
ton Drive.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at t is time the meeting recessed and adjourn
 until Wednesday the 29th day of June, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.