Dr. Gardner, of the State Board of Health appeared before the Board and offered his services in any way
that might be of benefit to the City's health and sanitary problems.

Attorney Wiley appeared before the Board on behalf of Dr. Conger. Dr. Conger was anxious that some form of
settlement be had between himself and the City of Las Vegas covering damages arising from the trimming of trees
on property of Dr. Conger, On Westside.

Mayor Arnett ask that Mr. Austin, City Attorney and C.D. Baker, City Engineer investigate this matter and
make report of their findings at the next meeting of the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the follow-
ing retail beverage licenses be granted for the year 1938: Second Street Grocery, Anna Borozzi, Thomas M.

Burke, Blaine Johnson and that a whole liquor license be granted to the Nevada Beverage Company.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

(These applications having been approved by the Chief of Police)

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that Ray Murphy
be granted three slot machine licenses and The Vegas Sweet Shoppe one.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented a letter to the Board of Commissioner from Cragin and Pike, wherein they
ask that the City renew the policies covering all rolling stock of the City, with the insurance company they
represented.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried that the letter be
referred to Commissioner Ronnow for investigation and recommendation to the Board.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry, and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 4th, 1938

Minutes of a regularmeeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 4th day of February 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow City Attorney and
City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the Clerk.

Mr. Lloyd Payne and Mr. H. Hazard representing the V.F.W. presented a Resolution from that
organization asking the City to allow they to sponsor a carnival for the benefit of that organization
 without paying the required City license fee.

No action was taken on this matter at this time but the delegation from the V.F.W. were in-
formed that a definite answer would be given at the next meeting of the Board which would be held
on the 8th day of February 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roland Wiley appeared before the Board a d presented a claim in the sum of $500.00 from Dr.
Conger. Said sum representing the amount of damages claim on the account of trees cut from his
property by City Employees. Mr. Wiley stated that he felt the claim was high, and was really
more than the lots in themselves were worth. Said lots being lots 2,3,4,5,6, Block 32 H.F.M.

& M. Addition to the City.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that said claim not be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Whereupon Mr. Riley informed the Board that suit to collect the said $500.00 would be filed
in the morning.

At this time the matter of allowing a salary to F.C.D Vinner, Ex-officio Assessor of the
City of Las Vegas, and W.B. Mundy, Ex-officio treasurer was considered. Said officers having
worked the months of Nov and Dec 1937 with out compensation and no allowance being made for
salaries for the month of January 1938.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the Resolution of the Board passed the 4th day of November, 1937 where by said salaries
were denied be rescinded, and that said officers be paid the sum of $50.00 per month for the
months of November and December, 1937 and the month of January 1938. Said officers to be paid
the salary of $50.00 per month until the further order of the Board.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble Perry and Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Mayor Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the Clerk be directed to write the Las Vegas American Legion, Post #8, and ask that that body
to have representatives appear before the Board at the next recessed regular meeting and
discussion with the Board ways and means by which the City might be reimbursed for the money
spent by the City covering cost of lights and power and miscellaneous materials used in the
construction of the War Memorial Building during its construction and use since completion.

Vote Commissioners Krause Marble, Perry Mayor Arnett, and Commissioner Marble voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the Mayor and Clerk be instructed to signed a form of contract prepared by the City Att-
orney covering the disposal of wet garbage for the year 1938. Said contract being had between
the City of Las Vegas And William Wittwer. Said contract to be executed in duplicate.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry add Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.