Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bills for the golf course for the following
items be allowed: blades for mower, $66.75 and fertilizer $47.00. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The City attorney stated that the form of the proposed anti-picketing ordinance
as submitted was unconstitutional.

Commissioner Smith moved that the report of the Planning Commission covering their
meeting of December 11th, be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that all taxi applications for a license be held up until
the taxi ordinance is passed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved the following applications for slot machine license



be granted: Sewell's United Stores, 2  machines and the Oasis Cafe 3 machines. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The application of George G. Parry for a slot machine license at 1st & Carson
and the application of Malcolm Welch for retail beverage license at 122 S. 1st Street,
and the application Thos. W. Fraser for a retail beverage license at 1039 S. Main Street
were ordered held over.

Communication from C. F. Gartside relating to the proposed widening of Fremont Street.
Same was read and ordered referred to Commissioner Rubidoux.

A letter from the Transcontinental and Western Air, Incorporated addressed to Comm-
issioner Smith was read and ordered filed.



Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Vance Electric Service for an electrical contractor's license

be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



A letter of thanks from the American Association of University Women for the
cooperation of Chief Mackey during National Art Week was read and filed.

A letter was read from the Reno Sanitation Company and the city clerk was directed
to answer it asking for information regarding their proposal for the handling of disposal
for the city of Las Vegas.

Communication from R. F. Radke, Pastor of the Seventh Day Adventist Church, requesting
exemption from payment of building permit fees. The Clerk was directed to write to Rev.

Radke stating that it was impossible to exempt the Church from said fees as it was regulated
by Ordinance.

Letter from Walter Hunsaker requesting the reconveyance of certain lands heretofore
deeded to the city of Las Vegas for golf course purposes only. Matter was referred to the city
attorney.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following Resolution be adopted:

R E S O L U T I O N

WHEREAS, the UNITED STATES ARMY is desirous of obtaining a right-of-way across
a certain protion of land, hereinafter described, owned by the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF
CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, and

WHEREAS, the CITY OF LAS VEGAS is desirous of aiding the UNITED STATES ARMY in any
manner whatsoever,

NOW THEREFORE, on a motion made by Commissioner Pat Clark, and seconded by Commissioner
M. C. Tinch, it is hereby resolved;