OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 25th, 1938.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 25th day
of April, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett and Commissioners Perry.

At this time the Board considered the purchase of street decorations. Bids having been re-
ceived from two decorating houses and samples accompanying the bids.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that
said bids be referred to Joe S. Ronnow, Finance Commissioner, and that he purchase what ever in his
estimation was the best bid.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
three slot machine licenses be granted J.K Houssels and one to J.T. Watters.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be instructed to forward the sum of $20.00 to the State Engineer covering the use
of public waters from two wells owned by the City.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. A.R. Thompson, P.W.A. Engineer from San Francisco appeared before the Board and urged
the City to make application to the Federal government for either loans and grants or grants
only to be used for City projects. Mr. Thompson represented the States of California, Utah,
Arizona and Nevada.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that C.J. Mackey, W.P.A. Manager be informed that the City of Las Vegas was ready to proceed
with the golf course near the fish hatchery for which W.P.A. application was made sometime ago.

vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Mrs. Frank Ryan appeared before the Board in regard to a request made to the Board in
December, 1936 asking that the Board of Commissioners take steps toward the moving of what is
known as "block sixteen". Mrs. Ryan again ask the Board if steps would be taken in the near fut-
ure to have said block moved and Mr. Marble informed her that the council is an administrative
body and such question as you present belong in the counts, either, municipal, or State, and I
am sure if you file proper complaint in the courts having jurisdiction, the enforcement officers
will give to the matter such attention as it may deserve.

Mrs. Ryan ask, "Have you gone as far as you will go?"

Mr. Marble replied, "Yes we have gone as far as we will go."

There upon Mrs. Ryan left the meeting without further comment.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 26th day of April, 1938, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 26th, 1938.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 26th day of April, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett and Commissioner Perry.

At the request of the Board of Commissioners the members of the Recreation board were present.
Mr. Blackman, Chairman, and Mrs. Mc Namee, Miss Frazier, and Mr. Bryan Bunker, with Mr. Tandy,
Director.

At this time the budget for the support of the recreational programme for the year 1938 was
considered and discussed. The Original budget being for the sum of approximately $8,000.00 for
the year 1938. Due to the cut in the entire City Budget for the year 1938, said cut being approx-
imately one-third of the entire budget it was necessary for this department of the City to re-
vise its budget in accordance with the other budgeted items of expense.

After due consideration on the matter it was decided that the budget for the Recreation Dept.
be placed at the sum of $5,500.00. If additional income should be received by the City this
department would benefit accordingly.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City from its Publicity Fund pay to the Chamber of Commerce the sum of $250.00 to be
used toward publicizing the forth coming Helldorado sponsored by the Elks Lodge of Las Vegas.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.