Dr. Martin and Mr. Warswick appeared before the Board protesting the operation of a dry-
cleaning plant adjoining the property of Dr. Martin on North Second Street. No action was taken
on this matter but Dr. Martin was informed that the Board would make an investigation of the natter
and render him a decision at a meeting to be held on the 28th day of October, 1937 at the hour
of three o'clock P.M.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that Commissioner Marble be appointed to act on the Publicity Committee for the City of Las
Vegas and the County of Clark. This vacancy occurring due to the expiration of the term of office
of Commissioner Down.	

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Wednesday the 27th day of October 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
OCTOBER 27th, 1937

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 27th day of October, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow City Attorney and
Clerk. Mr. Barry Dibble, Consulting Engineer for the City was also present.

Mr. Dibble at this time presented to the Board the revised costs of the proposed power
plant and system for the City of Las Vegas, and on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by
Commissioner Ronnow the following Resolution was introduced and passed:

RESOLVED, That the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to forthwith forward to the PWA
director, Reno Nevada four certified copies of the revised estimates of the cost of the pro-
posed power plant and system for the City of Las Vegas, as same was presented to the Board at
a meeting held on this date, October 27th, 1937, by Mr. Barry Dibble, Consulting Engineer, and

Be It Further Resolved, that the Clerk request from the Acting State Director PWA form for
making application for an advance grant of not exceeding 15 per cent of the previously approved
estimated cost of the Project.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that E.P.Bihlmaier be granted 11 slot machine licenses, and R.H. Lowry be granted 2 slot machine
licenses.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none
Commissioner Perry being excused before the vote was called.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Monday the 2nd day of November, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 2nd, 1937

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 2nd day of November, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble, Ronnow and Perry, City Attorney and
City Clerk.

Mr. Flescher appeared before the Board in regard to securing a sewer lateral in Block
23 of South Addition to the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and car-
ried that the City Engineer be instructed to prepare plans specifications and estimates of cost
for the laying of a sewer lateral in Block 23 of South Addition and that the Engineer also call
for bids on the necessary amount of pipe to be used.

It was also moved that Mr. Flescher secure the approval of the other interested property
owners before this work should be undertaken.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Mr. Blackman, Auditor for the City appeared before the Board with the report covering the
third quarter year of the financial standing of the City. Mr. Blackman as Auditor, Mr. Ronnow
as finance Commissioner, and Mayor Arnett stressed the fact that every department of the City
would have to operate on a minimum of cost for the next several months, and that in some depart-
ments it would be necessary to lay off men for a month or six weeks before the 1st of the year.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.