The business of hiring extra officers on the Police Force was discussed by the Board at this
time and the Police Commissioner recommended that a relief man be hired for four (4) days per week
and that an extra man be hired to be hired on the night shift until the end of January 1939

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the above mentioned men be hired by the Board until Jan 31, 1939 at the rate of $5.00 per
shift.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time it was upon motion of Commis-
sioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Luce moved and carried that this meeting recess until
23rd day of January 1939 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed to meet January 23rd, 1939 at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

JANUARY 23rd, 1939 at 3 o'clock P.M.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County Nevada held on the 23rd day of January 1939 at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Luce Krause and Corradetti City Attorney and Clerk

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

Mr. S.J. Neilson of the State Board of Health appeared before the Board in regard to sanit-
ary ordinances and conditions of the City of Las Vegas. The Board informed My. Neilson that it
would cooperate in every way possible with him and the State Board of Health in what ever
activities it undertook in this community.

The business of lifting the limitations on gambling licenses and tavern licenses in the City
of Las Vegas was considered at this time and after due consideration the following Resolutions
were introduced and passed.

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
that that certain Resolution passed and adopted on the 19th day of August A.D. 1938; which limits
the number of gambling clubs to be permitted to be conducted in the City of Las Vegas to five
(5), be and the same hereby is rescinded, revoked, annulled and hereby declared to be of no
further virtue, force or effect.

Commissioner Corradetti proposed the adoption of the above and foregoing Resolution and the
same was seconded by Commissioner Krause and upon being put to vote was duly passed and adopted
by the following vote:

Voting Aye: Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor. Voting no,

None. Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
that that certain Resolution passed and adopted on the 13th day of October, A.D. 1938, which limits
the number of tavern licenses to be issued in the City of Las Vegas to Sixteen (16), be and the
same hereby is rescinded, revoked annulled and hereby declared to be of no further virtue, force
or effect.

Commissioner Luce proposed the adoption of the above and foregoing Resolution and the same
was seconded by Commissioner Krause and upon being put to vote was duly passed and adopted by the
following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor. Voting no,
none. Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

At this time Fred L. Kireger appeared before the Board in regard to securing a gambling lic-
ense at the Old Elk's Building 113 Fremont Street.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that on crap table license be granted Mr. Kireger for the 1st quarter year 1939 and that four
slot machine licenses one card game license and one each Big Six Wheel, Roulette, Crap game and
21 game be granted for the 2nd quarter year 1939. Application being in proper form and certified
checks accompanying said applications.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried that
all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
Blaine Johnson and Safeway Stores Inc. be granted retail beverage licenses for the year 1939
license fee $25.00 per quarter.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the Clerk advertise for bids for the pale of the wet garbage of the City of Las Vegas. Said bids
to be opened February 4th, 1939.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.