Mr. Currie made a report on the survey for the proposed sewer system and stated that
the application would be ready in three or four weeks.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bill against the Clark County Hospital be cancelled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Communications from M. W. Davis, Ed Von Tobel Lumber Co, Brown's Furniture Company,

W. E. Ferron, Woiteschek Lumber Company and Bartlett Brothers were read protesting certain
portions of the proposed electrical ordinance.

A. P. G. Steffes, Esquire appeared on behalf of Businessmen's Association and entered a
formal protest against said proposed electrical ordinance.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that said Proposed Electrical Ordinance be tabled for further
study. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner Tinch.

A Petition signed by a number of property owners in the 14th Street Addition was presented
requesting zoning regulations. Commissioner Smith moved that the matter be referred to
the Planning Commission for recommendation. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following Resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTI ON

WHEREAS, the Nevada Legislature, 1941 Session, approved an act creating
city planning commissions, the same being Chapter 110 of the Statutes of 1941,

BE IT RESOLVED, that the Las Vegas City Commission do hereby constitute and appoint the
present Las Vegas City Planning Board the duly constituted planning commission under
said act.

Commissioner Smith seconded the motion and same was carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A Petition signed by property owners in the Woodlawn Addition requesting zoning was
presented. Commissioner Clark moved that same be referred to the planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the Following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Report of the City Attorney was read and Ordered Filed.

Commissioner Smith moved that the report of the city attorney be received and that the
proposed ordinances with the exception of that pertaining to fire marshall be held in
abeyance for study. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote. Commissioner Tinch, Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Commissioner Clark moved that the proposed curb and gutter ordinance and proposed trailer
ordinance be referred to the planning commission for their recommendation and that same
be presented at the meeting of the Board on the 17th of November. Motion seconded by Com-
missioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Rubidoux seconded by Commissioner Tinch it was moved and carried
that the following entitled Ordinance be passed as an emergency Ordinance upon second
reading on this 4th day of November, 1941:

"An Ordinance to Amend Section 1 of Ordinance No. 187 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled,

"An Ordinance Creating the Office of Fire Marshall, Defining His Powers and Duties", said
Ordinance to be known as "Emergency Ordinance No. 259", and to be in full force and effect
from and after its final passage and publication in the Las Vegas Age for a period of once