Commissioner Clark moved that plans be drawn up so bids can be sent out for a heating
and cooling system for the proposed airport building. Bids to be returned by March 4th.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that bids on the War Memorial Building and furniture be
laid over until the 16th of February. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids for the printing of traffic tickets for the police department from the following
firms were opened at this time. Service Printers and Review Journal.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid of the Service Printers for 10,000
sets at $69.50 be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

His Honor read a wire from Berkeley L. Bunker stating that WPA project to
improve streets, construct curbs and gutters in the sum of $24,829.00 has been approved.

Said wire was ordered filed.

Bids for fifty trees for the golf course were opened at this time, from Armstrong
Nurseries and Nevada Nurseries.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid of Armstrong Nurseries for 50 trees at

$0.60 each be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following

vote. Commissioners Clark and Rubidoux voting aye. Noes, Mayor Garrison.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Pioneer Heights be rezoned - that the owner,

Sam Paulos, pay for the expense of drawing up an Ordinance and for publishing same, and

that the city attorney prepare said Ordinance. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried

by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the following wage scale be adopted for city

employees, beginning as of February 1st, 1942.

Mechanics - $190.00 per month
Blademen -	175.00	"	"

Truck driversl60.00 "	"

Garbage Tr. drivers $170.00 per month

Helpers -	$150.00	"	" Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark

and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Bryan Bunker, Chairman of the Recreation Board, reported that insurance on the

recreational bus has been applied for.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the salary of Bob Elser, city plumbing inspector,
be raised from $150 per month to $200 per month, beginning on the 1st of February, 1942.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of Howell C. Garrison and Dave Mackey
in the sum of $98.60 for expenses incurred while on city business in Carson City, Nevada
be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city electrical inspector be authorized to
install signal lights at Five points and Williams, North Las Vegas, at no expense to the
city. The county to reimburse the city for any expense incurred. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign
easement deed for a right-of-way for water line over city owned land. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark and Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.