On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that Commissioner Luce be instructed to accept the bid of Gelber Electric Company for the pur-
chase of General Electric Lamps for the City of Las Vegas for one year. Said purchase and con-
tract being in accordance with bid this date received from the Gelber Electric Co.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the bid of Chas. Aplin, of the Pioneer Paint Company for decorating the Library be accepted.
That this contract be awarded upon the recommendation of Finance Commissioner Ronnow who had
thoroughly checked the various bids when same had been opened.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Wednesday the 13th day of July, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 13th, 1938.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 13th day of July, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Luce, and Krause, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

At this time bids for the purchase of road oil were opened by the Clerk and Mayor Marble
handed same to Street Commissioner Krause for checking and recommendation.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the report of Mr. Wood, of the recent audit of the City be accepted and placed on file.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Luce and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the City Park be used for soft ball games Sunday night July 17th and 24th.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Luce and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Friday the 15th day of July at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

July 15th, 1938 no meeting was held owning to the lack of a quorum being present.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

AUGUST 4th, 1938.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 4th day of August, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Luce, Ronnow and Krause also the newly appointed member
of the Commission Mr. Coradetti who had qualified by taking the official oath of office and
filing in the office of the Clerk a bond in the sum of $1,000.00 as same is required by Charter.
Also in attendance City Attorney Austin and City Clerk.

At this time Mayor Marble appointed Commissioner Corradetti to the office of Police and
Fire Commissioner.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the Clerk

The business of paying the cost of oiling No. 5th Street was next brought before the
Board for consideration and upon motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce
the following preambles and resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, the proposition of paving North Fifth Street with oil bound gravel from the
end of the present pavement to the North City limits has heretofore been discussed informally
by the Board, and