existing in the 200 block on No. 2nd Street. Mr. Case recommended that the building either be
moved away, or repaired. After due discission on the matter on motion of Commissioner Gilbert
seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the Board accept the report of
Mr. Case and that Mr. Case and the City Attorney Mr. Austin take the necessary steps to remove
this fire hazard.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the City Attorney Mr. Austin was ask to give a ruling on the matter of zoning
in regard to a petition presented to the Board from property owners on Westside asking that a
certain portion of that section of the City be zoned for persons of the Caucasian Race only.

Mr. Austin informed	the Board that he had diligently searched the opinions of various

courts and found that such a zoning to be impossible. Thereupon with no further action taken by
the Board said petition was denied.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the purchase of a	car to	be used by the

police Dept and two bids being	in the hands of the	Clerk same were opened.

On motion of Commissioner	Corradetti seconded	by Commissioner Gilbert	it	was	moved	and car-
ried that the bid of A.C.Grant	for the purchase of	a Ford Sedan be accepted.	Bid	price	being

$552.00 plus the trade in allowance of $400.00 allowed as the turn in value of the Chrysler
sedan now operated by the Police Dept.	

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting

aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licences applied for at this time be allowed. Applications being in pro-
per order on money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The business of licensing "race horse keno" was again considered by the Board. Mr. Austin,
City	Attorney	was ask to give this	ruling on the issuance of licenses covering the same	and stated

to	the Board	that Attorney Horse had ask that he contact him before giving a decision	on the

legality of the game. Mr. Austin informed the Board that he and Mr. Morse to date had not met to
discuss this matter. Mr. Austin did inform the Board that his opinion would be of a judicial
determination when made.	

At this	point in the meeting	Commissioner Ronnow moved that the City of Las Vegas	license

"race	horse Keno" and that	the license fee for the same be $250.00 per quarter.	Motion	

seconded by Commissioner Gilbert and voting being Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause voting
aye. Commissioner Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting no. Mayor Russell stated that the
reason he voted no was because to this point no decision had been rendered by the City Attorney.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that no licenses for "race horse keno" be granted until the regular meeting of the Board to be
held on November 4th, 1939 and at that time any licenses granted for this game would be prorated
for the portion of the fourth quarter year said game would be in operation.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Commissioners Corradetti passing his vote. Noes, none.

Letters from Van 0. Eastland and C.D. Baker in regard to an Engineering Department for
the City were read to the Board and the same were ordered filed for future reference.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and car-
ried that the City purchase a switch box for installation at the Fire Hall. Same to cost $43.00

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the City Attorney H. H. Austin and City Clerk Viola Burns each be allowed $25.00 toward
their expenses in attending the Diamond Jubilee in Carson City October 31st, 1939.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

A letter from A.L. Drew City Electrical Inspector was read to the Board. This letter was in
regard to radio interference in the City. Mr. Foote of the El Portal Electric Company who has
assisted Mr. Drew in locating this trouble was also present and explained to the Board some of the
causes of interference and the remedy for the same. The letter of Mr. Drew was ordered filed for
future reference and the matter to be considered in the near future.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Ronnow
seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until Thursday
the 26th day of October, 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed to meet Thursday October 26th, 1939 at 7:30 P.M.