7.	Said Auditorium shall always be known as and called the War Memorial (Building.)

8.	Except as herein otherwise provided the said City Shall have absolute ownership of and
control over said Building and shall have the unrestricted right to make such changes in the
downstairs portion of said Building or such alterations or additions to said Building as it may
at any time or times desire.

9.	After the said sum of Ten Thousand dollars shall have been paid to said Bank by said
City, the same shall be considered as payment of said sum to said Post, and should there be any
loss of said money by the failure of said bank or otherwise, he same shall be the loss of said
Post and not the loss of said City.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that upon the acceptance of this offer by said Post, the Mayor and
City Clerk of said City, be and they hereby are authorized to sign and execute, for and on be-
half of said City, an agreement in writing with said Post, as hereinabove mentioned which shall
contain the covenants, conditions and stipulations above set forth, and that when such agree-
ment shall have been properly executed by said City and by said Post, the same shall be recorded
with the County Recorder of Clark County Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that upon the execution of such agreement, the Mayor, City Clerk
and City Treasurer of said City, be and they hereby are authorized to draw and sign, for and on
behalf of said City, a warrant upon the said City Treasurer of said City, in the sum of ten
thousand dollars in favor of said First National Bank of Nevada, Las Vegas Branch, the same to be
delivered unto said bank with instructions that it be paid out by said bank to retire bonds
against said building and that when the same are all fully paid, any balance remaining to be
paid unto said Las Vegas Post Number 8, The American Legion, Department of Nevada.

Commissioner Ronnow moved the adoption of the above and foregoing Resolution and the same
was seconded by Commissioner Gilbert and thereupon was duly adopted by the following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Voting No: None.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and
carried that Warrant No. 309 in the sum of $10,000.00 be authorized and that the Mayor and Clerk
sign the same upon the acceptance of the agreement by the American Legion Post Number 8.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Mayor Russell ask that City Auditor Blackman explain to the Board the various items as
same was appearing the the City Budget of the year 1940, and that the press make a statement
of the breakdown of this item. Namely miscellaneous expenditures.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was Moved and carried
that Mr. Blackman prepare for the press a written statement of the various items included in
Miscellaneous column.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

The business of hiring a City Surveyor was considered, and upon motion of Commissioner
Ronnow seconded by Commission Gilbert it was moved and carried that R.C. Pearson be employed as
City Surveyor, Building Inspector and Plumbing Inspector at a salary of $185.00 per month and
that the City allow the sum of $12.50 per month for car expense. Mr. Pearson using his own car.
Employment to commence Monday the 19th day of February, 1940. Mr. Pearson to file with the Board
a bond in the sum of $1,000.00 as a surety bond. Mr. Pearson to work under the Street Department.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the Clerk wire Mr. Alfred Busch of the National Liberty Insurance Company of America that
the Board would not be in session on Monday the 19th day of February, 1940 and at this time were
not ready to consider additional insurance on City property.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that the Mayor appoint a Board of Appraisal to appraise the War Memorial Building and
the City to care for any expense incurred. This appraisal being made in regard to the City
securing fire protection.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

The Mayor appointed Commissioner Corradetti and Mr. A.W. Blackman to serve on the
Appraisal Committee and these two gentlemen to select two other persons to work with them in
preparing this appraisal,

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the Mayor sign the renewal of lease with the War Department of the U.S. for the year
July 1, 1940 to July 1, 1941. This lease covering lease of ground owned by the City of Las Vegas
leased to the War Department of the United States of American to be used for a CCC Camp.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carr-
ied that the application of Underhill Brothers for a wholesale liquor license and a liquor im-
porters license for the year 1940 be granted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor vot-
ing aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and car-
ried that the bid of the Signal Oil Company for the purchase of 10 tires and 10 tubes be accepted.
Bid price $23.23 per tire and $2.62 per tube first line tires.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor vot-
ing aye. Noes, none.