On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses for the first quarter year 1941 be granted. All appli-
cations being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same;

Fred O'Donnell	1	Boulder Liquor	Store	3	Apache Bar	8

L.V. Enterprises	17	Mission Tavern	5	L.V. Tavern	4

R L. Curtis	1	Fremont Tavern	Inc	3	Modern Food Shop	2

J.M Sill	3	Roy	P Squire	1	Boulder Club	4

H.F. Read	3	C.F. Reid		1	Al's Bar Inc	8

Market Spot	4	Sam	Poulos	2	Mrs C.R. Boteler 1

Frontier Club	2	Apache Cafe	6	Carl Moller	3

C.C. Underhill	5	W.J Lincoln	1	Geo Markisch	1

L.M. Speer	4	Ethel Rapoport	4	M.H Cordon	2

A.T. Spatz	1	E.D. Ciliax	4	Overland Hotel	2

Robert Testolin	1	Sal	Sagev Tavern	5	R.D. Furry	1

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Mayor
Russell voting no. Stating that the meeting was illegal and being conducted by private citizens.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine ana. gaming licenses be allowed for the first quarter year 1941.
Applications being on file with the Clerk in proper form also money to cover same:

Las Vegas Club:

24 slot machines, 2 poker and 1 pan game, Roulette 1, Craps 1. Twenty-one 1, Faro 1,
Race Book 1, Race Horse Keno 1, Keno 130 chairs.

Boulder Club Inc;

12 slot machines, 1 pan game, one Big Six Wheel, 1 Roulette, 1 Twenty-one, 1 Faro bank
1 race horse Keno, 1 crap game and one Keno 100 chairs.

Julian Goldman for Kive Club:

1 twenty-on and 1 Roulette.

Northern Club:

9 slot machines, 1 Roulette, 2 Twenty-one, 1 Craps, 1 Race Horse Book, 1 Big Six
Wheel.

Silver Club:

1 poker game, 1 Roulette, 1 Twenty-one
Apache Casino:

3 slot machines, 1 Big Six Wheel, 1 Crap game, 1 Twenty-one
Frontier Club Inc:

19 slot machines, 1 poker 1 pan, 1 Big Six Wheel, 1 hopper Keno 102 chairs
1 Roulette, 1 Race Horse Keno, 1 Crap game, 1 Twenty-one 1 Chuck-a-luck
Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Mayor
Russell voting no. Stating the meeting was illegal and being conducted by private citizens

No further business coming before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Gilbert
seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until Thurs-
day the 16th day of January, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye.

Mayor Russell voting no and stating that the meting was illegal and being conducted by private
citizens.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY
OF LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY NEVADA
January 16th, 1941

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County Nevada held on the 16th day of January 1941 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti City Attorney
and City Clerk.

Minutes of regularmeeting of January 4th 1941 read and corrected to read as follows:

"Mr. Ronnow, Do you do you want to conduct the order of business as heretofore?

Mayor Russell: I object to it."

Mayor Russell ask that his reason for objectionbeing placed on the minutes and on motion of
Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the Mayor's
statement not be spread on the minutes.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting Aye. Mayor Russell voting no.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Warrants No. 455 to 459 be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell voting no.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the claim of The Leitz Co. for $537 78 be allowed. This amount covering the cost of engin-
eering equipment purchased by the City.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell voting n.