OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 28th, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commission rs of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 28th day of November, 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and Clerk

Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

Minutes of meeting of November 16th read and approved as read.

The consideration of application of the Northern Club for the operation of a "foot ball
parley game" was had at this time. After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner
Ronnow, seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that this application be
denied on the grounds that the licensing of same had not been provided by either ordinance or
resolution and that also that said game had been in operation prior to making of application for
said game.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a beverage license be granted to Joseph Cazier for 206 Wilson Ave.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that one slot machine license be granted to Jack Weisberger for 508 Fremont St.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner
Ronnow voting no because Mr. Weisberger had been found guilty of using unfair tacts in the oper-
ation of his slot machines and had served sentence when found guilty on this charge.

Mr. Riddle of the Biddle Scenic Tours appeared before the Board with a schedule of the
tariff charged by his company and ask that the Board approve the same. After some discussion
it was decided before approving Mr. Riddle's schedule that the Board would consider the present
schedule of the other companies operating vehicles for hire.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk write the holders of taxi cab licenses in the City and ask them to file in the
office of the Clerk not later than Monday the 4th day of December copies of their schedules of
tariff.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.

Bids for the installation of a heating unit for the jail, fire station and police station
were opened at this time. This bid calling for the installation of an oil buring system. After
discussing the matter for some time the Mayor appointed Commissioners Corradetti and Ronnow
to investigate the cost of heating the same by electricity, and to report back to the Board,

Mrs. Lane appeared before the Board and ask that the Board reimburse her for hospital bills
incurred at the time she was injured by a fall on Carson Street in the City of Las Vegas.

This fall being due, so she stated, to the poor repair of the public street. Mrs Lane was inform-
ed that the time limit had lapsed for the placing of any such claim and therefore the City was
not in position to allow same.

Ordinance No. 247, entitled " An Ordinance to amend Section 8 of Ordinance No. 244 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas licensing, for purpose of
regulation and revenue every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried
on within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada: fixing the rates
of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punish-
ment for carrying on or conducting any such business without a license and repealing Ordinances
Numbered 1,2,4, 14,35,48, 62, 74, 81, 95, 102, 112, 117, 145, 184, 192, and 243" was read for a

first time and adopted by the following vote; Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

The Clerk was directed to have this ordinance published in the Las Vegas Review Journal
for once each week for two consecutive weeks.

Ordinance No. 248, entitled "An Ordinance to amend section 2, as amended, and section
16, as amended, of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled; "An Ordinance regulating
the distribution and control of intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages; regulating
places where and under what conditions said intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages may
be kept sold, given away or otherwise distributed; providing for permits and licenses; providing
penalties for the violation of this ordinance and repealing all ordinances ar parts of ordinances
in conflict therewith," and repealing all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict with this
ordinances," was read to the Board for a first time and adopted by the following vote: Commission-
ers Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent Commis-
sioner Gilbert.

The Clerk was directed to have this ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly news-
paper published in the City of Las, Vegas, once each week for two consecutive weeks.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Corrade-
tti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Thereupon said meeting adjourned.