further business appear ng before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

Approved:

Mayor.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 4th, 1937.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 4th day of March, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble
and Perry City Attorney and City Clerk.

11 claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.
Report of City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

Mr. U.B. Lee appeared before the Board in regard to securing a subcontract from Bebek and
Bekich, contractors on the Las Vegas Street Improvement District #3.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the said U.B. Lee be allowed to enter into a sub-contract with Bebek and Brkich if the same
should meet with the approval of the City Attorney and the the State Director of PWA.

Vote was Commissioners Down. Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.		

The next business presented to the Board at this time was the consideration of the calling
of a General City election, and on motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Krause
BE IT ORDERED; That a General City Election be and the same hereby is ordered to be held
in the City of Las Vegas on the Fourth day of May, 1937, for the purpose of electing a City Clerk
a commissioner of the 2nd class and a Commissioner of the 4th Class, and to vote upon any other
subject or proposition that may lawfully be placed upon the ballot.

hat the following named polling places are hereby designated and determined to be the
places where the said election shall be held:

For Precinct No. 1. At the Fire House next to Alley on No. 2nd St;

Between Fremont and Ogden Streets.

For Precinct	No.	2.	At	City Library, Carson Street, between 2nd add Third Streets.

For Precinct	No.	3.	At	the Clark Forwarding Co; South Main Street and Clark Street.

For Precinct	No.	4.	At	Clark's Garage, Clark Street between Main and First Streets.

For Precinct No. 5. At Martin's Garage, 204 North Fourth Street.
For Precinct	No.	6.	At	South Wing of Tower Market on South Fifth Street.

For Precinct	No.	7.	At	Room No. 2n Grammar School Bldg; 4th and Lewis Streets at Fourth

	Street entrance.

For Precinct No. 8. Perry's Garage, 217 Garces Street.

For Precinct No. 9. At McWilliams Garage, NE Corner 3rd & Wilson Streets, Westside.

For Precinct No. 10. At 814 Fremont Street.

For Precinct No. 11. At Spence's Garage in rear of 118 West Sixth Street, Westside.

Vote on the above order was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Friday the 5th day of March, 1937 at the hour of two thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEV.
MARCH 5th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 5th day of March, 1937 at the hour of two thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble
and Perry, City Attorney and City Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that the following Order be issued:

It appearing that Bebek & Brkich, a co-partnership, has entered into a sub-contract with
U.B. Lee, to perform certain work, to-wit:

Item Three- Furnish and place graded gravel or stone aggregate for street surfacing as
per plans and specification.

Item Four- Furnish and spread liquid asphalt designated as SC-2 as per plans and specifi-
cations.

Item Five- Mixing, spreading, finishing, rolling and completing roadway surface as per
plans and specifications,