On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City purchase a renovator to be used at the golf course. Bid price $400.00.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor voting no.

Mayor Russell stated to the Board that he was opposed to spending as much as $400 00 at this
due to the fact that the budget for the year had not been adopted.

Mayor Russell brought to the attention of the Board the fact that Mrs Goodfellow would
like permission to install a public drinking fountain in memory of her husband Leslie Good-
fellow. This fountain to be installed on public property abutting Mrs. Goodfellow's property
at 9th and Fremont Sts.

The Clerk was directed to write Mrs. Goodfellow and ask that she present plans for the
erection of the proposed fountain and that the Board looked with favor upon the installation of
the fountain.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and car-
ried that the Board allow the claim of the Las Vegas Land & Water Co for the moving of fire
hydrants. Amount of claim $130.20.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the City purchase a C.A. scraper or sewer rod costing $260.00.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Gilbert explained to the Board plans for the beautifying of the City Park
and the list of shrubs and plants needed to carry out his programme.

Commissioner Gilbert moved that he be allowed to work on his plan with the Approval of
the Board of Commissioners and that he spend not over $200.00 for plants and shrubs ordering
same in lots of $25.00 at a time same to be requisitioned in $25.00 lots as purchased.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor voting
no.

Mayor Russell appointed Commissioner Ronnow to serve on a Committee with Commissioners
Gilbert and Corradetti to meet with a committee from the American Legion. These Committees
to discuss and formulate plans for the operation, or maintenance of the War Memorial Bldg. by
the City of Las Vegas.

The Clerk read to the Board a report prepared by Allen Foot covering radio interference
and his programme to help eliminate same. The report was filed with the Clerk for permanent
record.

No further business appearing before the Board on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded
by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

There upon said meeting adjourned.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO---VIOLA BURNS,

CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is hereby
called to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office in the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, Thursday the 25th day of January, 1940 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.
on said day to consider and act upon the following business:

1. To consider and act upon the payment of claims for new equipment of the City of Las Vegas
purchased in 1939.

2.	To consider the payment of a sum of money to Fred Schultz covering a portion of a judg-
ment allowed by the Courts of the State of Nevada.

Dated this 25th day of January 1940

John L. Russell

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nev.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— JOHN L RUSSELL, MAYOR AND TO COMMISSIONERS
RONNOW, GILBERT, KRAUSE AND CORRADETTI.

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office on Thurs-
day the 25th day of January, 1940 at the hour of two o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the
following:

1.	To consider and act upon the payment of claims for new equipment for the City of Las
Vegas purchased in 1939.

2.	To consider and act upon the payment of a sum of money to Fred Schultz covering a
portion of a judgement allowed by the Courts of the State of Nevada.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated January 25th, 1940.	Viola Burns

City Clerk