Las Vegas Nevada,

May 11, 1938

W.B Mundy, Esq;

County Treasurer and Ex-officio
Tax Collector of Clark County
Las Vegas, Nevada.

At a meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas last evening a
resolution was adopted instructing me to propound to you in writing the following live questions.

1. What amount of money has come into your hands as County Treasurer and
Ex-officio Tax Collector of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, as

Taxes paid upon property situate within the City of Las Vegas,
for the year 1938?

2.	At what rate per cent of the assessed value of all property within the
City of Las Vegas, have you credited such tax money actually received
to the City of Las Vegas.

3.	Has it been credited at the same rate per cent of assessed value, and if not, on
what day was a change of rate per cent made by you?

4.	What was the change made, if a change was made?

5. If a change was made, please state how much money was credited under one
rate naming the rate, and how much money was credited under another rate,
naming the rate.

and requesting you to make answer thereto in writing to me.

A certified copy of the above mentioned resolution is herewith enclosed.

I will therefore thank you to give me an answer in writing to the above five quest-

ions at your earliest convenience.

Tours Very Truly
Harry H. Austin

City Attorney.

HHA-E.M.

W.B. Mundy	Mary Jane Kramer

Treasurer--Tax Receiver	Chief Deputy

OFFICE OF

TREASURER AND TAX RECEIVER, CLARK COUNTY
TREASURER, LAS VEGAS CITY
Las Vegas, Nevada.

May 12, 1938

Mr. Harry H. Austin

City Attorney, Las Vegas City.

Dear Sir;

Acknowledge herewith your letter of 11th inst; with copy of resolution accompanying
same, I am answering herewith the five questions given in your letter in the order named:

1.	$16,131.38

2.	From Jan'y 1 '38 to and inc. Mch 27 '38	1.195

Mch 28 '38 inc. to and inc. Apl 30,'38	1.05

3.	No. On and after March 28, 1938 rate of	1.05

became effective, supplementing rate of	1.195

4.	Rate changed from $1.195 to $1.05 for the	 City of Las Vegas.

5. Credited to City of Las Vegas only under rate of $1.05	316.89

under rate of 1.195	$3,494.75

Yours very truly
Signed W.B. Mundy
W.B. Mundy

Treasurer and Tax Receiver Ex-Officio

Vote on the incorporation of these letters into the minutes of this meeting was as follows:
Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
C.D. Baker, City Engineer investigate unsanitary conditions existing where sewers are available
but not being used and report his findings to the Board at an early date so that action toward
securing better sanitary conditions for the City maybe made.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that all City Employees employed on technical lines be granted leave of absent with pay
when attending meetings of importance to their particular lines, but that all expenses of
said trips must be born by the employee, and before taking such leave should confer with the
Commissioner of their departments.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved that the City of
as Vegas make application for P.W.A. and W.P.A. aid on a number of projects for the City
has had been suggested by A.R. Thompson. Before making formal application for said aid that
C.D. Baker City Engineer prepare estimates of costs of the following projects, sidewalks,
street paving, municipal swimming pool, municipal building, and submit same to this Board.
Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Marble at this time presented the name of John Graglia to the Board for consideration as
member of the cemetery Board caused by the resignation of C.D. Baker. Vote was Commissioners
Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. The Clerk was directed to
inform Mr. Graglia of his appointment to the cemetery Board.

business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Monday the 23rd day of May, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.