OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 27th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 27th day of October, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti, City Clerk and City
Attorney.

A request from the Las Vegas Police Dept. was read to the Board asking permission of the
Board of Commissioners for the holding of the annual Policemen's Ball.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti, seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Police Dept. give their annual ball on such a date as they see proper this winter.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
master electricians certificate and electrical contractors license be issued to Fred Rehn.

Money covering the annual license of $100.00 for the 1st years license, $100.00 as a cash bond and
Fifty Dollars covering examination being filed with the Clerk.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that
J.F. Foremaster be retained as a driver for the Garbage Department after the 1st of November, as
Byron Snider who was to replace Mr. Foremaster was to be used as requisitioned help in any department 

Mr. Rhodes might need extra help.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.

At this time the Board entered into a discussion as to the further financing the Recreational
Department of the City as same might be operated through the months of November, and December, 1938.
After a general discussion on the matter no definite action was taken on the matter as it was the
unanimous opinion of the Board that more time would be needed to decide this matter.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 4th, 1938

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 4th day of November, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti, City Clerk and
City Attorney.

The members of the Recreation Board appeared at this time and presented a letter to the
Board again asking continuation of the City's support of the Recreational Dept. After some dis-
cussion on motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City of Las Vegas allow the sum of $175.00 per month for the months of November and December, 

1938 for salary and office rent for the Recreational Department of the said City. That the
employment of persons in that department have the approval of the Board of Commissioners before
commencing work.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried that
the the following licenses be granted for slot machines:

Professional Drug 2, Boulder Drug 4, and Apache Hotel 3.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried that
two (2) bids received at this time for a typewriter for the Clerk's office not be opened until
Wednesday the 9th day of November, 1938 at a recessed regular meeting.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

- motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Claims Nos. 29 to 40 inclusive be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.
Noes, none.

A number of petitions were presented to the Board from the Westside Improvement Association
asking the Board of Commissioners for various improvements. No action was taken upon said petit-
ions but the persons presenting same were assured the Board of Commissioner give same proper
consideration.

Patrick Cline as a member of the Taxpayers Association presented the Board with a copy of a
Resolution passed at a meeting of the Taxpayers Association asking for the repeal of Ordinance
No. 243. Mr. Cline added verbally that the Association also requested the lifting of the monopoly
on the Electrical and Plumbing businesses in the City. Mayor Marble requested Mr. Cline to
see that the Taxpayers Association present that request in writing. No action was taken on these
requests but Mr. Cline was assured that the Board would give same serious consideration at a meet- 
to be held in the very near future.