eighty (80) feet to the point of beginning; thence N. 61˚47' W. 275.0 feet;
thence N. 28 13' E. 300.0 feet; then N 68 01' 20" E. 117.15 feet; thence S.

61 47' E. 200.0 feet; then S. 28 13' W. 390.0 feet to the point of beginning,
comprising a net area of 2.385 acres, and

WHEREAS the said Las Vegas Post Number 8, The American Legion, did then and thereafter
cause to be erected upon said land a large building known as the War Memorial Building at a
cost far in excess of the sum of fifteen thousand dollars ($15,000), against which there are
now outstanding some ten thousand dollars in bonds, all of which are now due, and

WHEREAS the said Las Vegas Post Number 8 is desirous of raising money to pay off said
bonds and is willing to turn back to said City said lease and the said building and its
equipment and furnishings and furniture for the sum of fifteen thousand dollars, provided
it shall be privileged to use the upstairs portion of said building as and for a meeting
place of the members of said Post, and their families and guests, and for such other pur-
poses as said Post may desire, including the rental thereof to other organizations, and

WHEREAS, because the auditorium room and stage in said building is the largest and finest
auditorium and stage in the State of Nevada and one of the largest and finest in this entire
intermountain country, the said City of Las V gas is desirous of acquiring said War Memorial
Building for the purpose of retaining and maintaining the auditorium room and stage therein
as and for a public auditorium for conventions, public speaking, public entertainments, social
gatherings and other meetings and gatherings of general public interest, and for the purpose
of using other portions of the ground floor of said building for city offices and city bus-
iness purposes,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners Of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, in regular meeting assembled, this 16th day of February, 1940, that the
said City of Las Vegas do offer to purchase from said Las Vegas Post Number 8, The American
Legion, Department of Nevada, a corporation, for the sum of fifteen thousand dollars ($15,000)
all its lease hold interest in and to said land and building, with its furniture, furnishings
and equipment hereinafter enumerated, save and excepting the right and privilege of the said
Post to use the upstairs portion of said building so long as such Post shall remain active
and function as a Post of the American Legion.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the furniture, furnishings, equipment and personal property
now in said building and included in this offer to purchase, and which shall become the pro-
perty of said City of Las Vegas, should this offer be accepted, are as follows:

Item:	Appraised or cost Value

Thermador hot water heater,	$	89.00

2 electric room heaters	100.00

Finishing basement, shower and bar,	250.00

2 large and 3 small spot lights	90.00

Curtains and scenery on stage	1,100.00

Stage lights	100.00

Floor covering for Auditorium	500.00

Heating equipment	850.00

200 steel chairs,	2,800.00

Electric water cooler drinking fountain	100.00

$5,979.00

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a certified copy of this resolution be forthwith delivered
to the officers of said Post in order that the same may be considered at a meeting of the
membership of said Post, and that if the offer hereby made be accepted by said Post, and agree-
ment in writing be entered into between said City of Las Vegas and said Post which shall con-
tain the following covenants, conditions and stipulations, namely:

1.	Said Las Vegas Post Number 8, American Legion, Department of Nevada, shall surrender
and convey to said City of Las Vegas, all right, title and interest by said Post acquired in
and to the land above described together with the building and improvements thereon, under
and by virtue of said fifty year lease first hereinbefore mentioned, or otherwise.

2.	Said Post shall convey to said City all of the furniture, furnishings, equipment and
personal property now in said building and which is included in the above list and inventory.

3.	Said City shall pay to and/or for the use of said Post the total sum of fifteen
thousand dollars, which shall be paid as follows: the sum of ten thousand dollars shall be paid
immediately upon the execution of said written agreement, to the First National Bank of Nevada,
Las Vegas Branch, as escrow agent, for the purpose of retiring and paying off all bonds against
said building as the same may be presented for payment, and if, after all of said bonds have
been fully paid, there is any of said ten thousand dollars remaining, the same shall then be
paid unto said Post; and the said City shall pay unto said Post the further sum of five thous-
and dollars, on or before the thirty-first day of December, A.D. 1940.

4.	Said City shall grant to said Post the right and privilege to use all of the upstairs
portion of said War Memorial Building as long as said Post shall remain active and function as
a Post of the American Legion. And said Post shall have the right and privilege of renting the
upstairs portion of said Building to other organizations, if it so desires, during such time.

5.	Said Post shall at all times, in the last above mentioned paragraph, have fee
access to said upstairs portion of said Building, either by means of the present stairway or
an outside stairway later to be built by said City, and the said City shall not interfere
with the lawful occupancy of said upstairs by said Post, except to make necessary inspection
of and repairs to said Building.

6.	Said Post shall pay for all light, heat, power and water used or consumed in the
upstairs portion of said building and separate light and power meters shall be installed for
said upstairs portion of said Building.