Receipts	Expenditures

Total (Receipts equal expenditures	$444,884, 56	$ 444,884, 56

H.	Divide G. by assessed valuation to find

tax rate	1,50	79,350.00

A rate of $3,58½ is required to balance this budget; but the City is limited to rate of
$1.50

Section 2, chapter 44, Statues of Nevada 1935: " Upon the preparation and completion
of said budget, it shall be signed by the governing board of such city, town, municipality,
school district, county high school or high school district, or educational district, and the
several sums set forth in said budget under estimated expenditures for the then current year
shall be thereby appropriated for the several purposes therein named for the said then current
year

We hereby approve the above budget of the city of Las Vegas for the year 1938

H.P. Marble - Mayor
A. Corradetti, Councilman
Herb Krause - Councilman
Joe S. Ronnow - Councilman
H.E. Luce - Councilman

Attest:	Viola Burns - City Clerk

Dated September 19, 1938

Vote on the adoption of the budget was as follows: Commissioners, Corradetti, Krause, and
Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor H. P. Marble voting Aye, Noes, none Absent Commissioner
H.E. Luce.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 21st, day of September 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Attest:	Approved.

Mayor

Deputy City Clerk 	OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF

LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
	SEPTEMBER 21, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 21st, day of September 1938 at the hour of 3 o'clock P. M.

Present: Mayor, Marble, Commissioners, Corradetti, Krause, and Ronnow. City Attorney
H. Austin and Deputy City Clerk L. Whipple.

Absent: Commissioner H.E. Luce.. and City Clerk Viola Burns.

This meeting being called from meeting of August 31, 1938 to hear any protest or objections
to the proposed Improvement District # 4. for paving of streets, and Curb and Gutter work
and no one appearing before the board or entering any protests, or objections at this time.,
the board was left to proceed as they deemed best to further the proposed improvement district
No. 4. to the best interest of all concerned.

At this time a committee of residents situated in and around fifth and Linden streets appeared
in protest to the coming of a carnival in that district on north 5th, street. Reason for
such protest was that such a business was not desirable to residences in that district.

The Board explained to the committee present that so long as the carnival payed the necessary
license fee of $100.00 per day, and met all requirements, of the city ordinances that nothing
could be done to move them unless the city ordinances were not lived up to by such carnival
It was suggested that the committee appear before the Veterans of Foreign Wars and make some
arrangements with them to locate the carnival in another spot as that organization was probably
the ones that secured the present location from the owner of the property for the carnival.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time--------------------------

upon motion of Commissioner Corradetti, and seconded by commissioner Krause, it was moved that

the meeting recess and adjourn until September 24th, at the hour of ten o'clock A. M. Vote
being Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, and Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye, Noes, None Absent
Commissioner Luce. Therefore the meeting ad recessed and adjourned un til September 24, 1938
at the hour of ten o'clock A. M.

No meeting was held Saturday the 24th day of September owing to the lack of a
quorum.