On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved ana car-
ried that the application of Safeway Safeway Stores Inc. for a retail beverage importers
license and retail beverage license be granted for the year 1941.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor
passing his vote.

Bids for the purchase of one tire for the American LaFrance Fire Truck having been opened
at this same meeting said bias in tabulated form were presented to the Board for consideration,
and on motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the bid of the Motor Supply Co. be accepted. Price $46.55 for tire and $5.89 for tube.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor
passing his vote.

Commissioner Ronnow at this time ask that City Attorney Austin read to the Board charges
against Mayor John L. Russell of the City of Las Vegas as same were prepared and in writing.

At the conclusion of the reading of said charges against Mayor Russell Commissioner Ronnow
moved and Commissioner Gilbert seconded the motion that the following Resolution be adopted:

Be it Resolved that a copy of the changes against Mayor Russell of the city of Las
Vegas be filled with the City Clerk and that a copy thereof be served upon said Mayor John
L. Russell, that a day be set to inquire into the truth of the charges and that the said Mayor
John L. Russell be notified of the time and place of said hearing and that he be present
thereat; and any and all witnesses for and against the accused John L. Russell, be notified
of said hearing and to be present thereat.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the
Mayor passing his vote.

Thereupon Commissioner Ronnow handed to Mayor Russell a copy of said charges.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that the hearing be heard at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners
to be held on the 3rd day of February, 1941 at the hour of nine o'clock A.M. and that all other
City business be dispensed at this time and the entire meeting be given over to said hearing.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor
passing his vote.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that this meeting recess until Monday the 3rd day of February, 1941 at the hour of
nine o'clock A.M. on said day.

Vote commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor
passing his vote.

There upon said meeting recessed until Monday the 3rd day of February, 1941 at the hour
of nine o'clock A.M.