Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claims of Hampton Bros., for $15,305.83; the claim of
James Fleming for $453.72; and the claim of C. W. Jorgensen for $3,700.60 be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Commissioner Clark passed.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of O. J. Scherer for $10,097.00 and the claim of
Heating and Air Conditioning Supply Company for $1,394.00 be allowed. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and His
Honor voting aye. Passed Commissioners Clark and Tinch. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of the Pacific Desk Company for $3,972.97 be allowed
less sufficient money to cover the cost of a cabinet which because of damage was returned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Commissioner Clark passed.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Claim of W. F. Rout for $59.19 be allowed. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux
Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Louis Wiener, Jr., of $81.00 for assisting Mr.

Blackman with the ordinances be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the claim of Nelson Bishop for 1 second hand winch for the
sewer truck in the amount of $45.00 be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that three dozen docket binders @ $2.50 each be purchased for the
police department from Chas. R. Hadley Company. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the claim of Howell C. Garrison for $26.40 and the claim of
Dave Mackey for $16.50 covering their trip to Carson City in January at the request of
'Governor Carville be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved	that	the	claim of Rowena Stringer in the amount of	$25 for

stenographic services in	the city	attorney's office be allowed, and charged	to the	city

attorneys department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the check of the municipal judge in the amount of $2255.50
covering court fines and fees for the month of April be accepted without the report which
is to be turned in later. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The report of the city attorney was read.

A letter from George Marshall was read.

Mr. Hall, sanitation engineer for the Clark County Health Unit, was directed to investigate
conditions at the Murray	Camp	and	report back at the next meeting.

Commissioner Clark moved	that	the	application of Geo. G. Perry for a retail	tavern	liquor

license at 131 S. 1st Street be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, and Tinch. Noes, Commissioner
Smith and His Honor Mayor Garrison.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Builtmore Hotel Corporation for a gaming
and liquor license be referred to the police commissioner. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch.

Voting no, Commissioner Smith. Passed. Mayor Garrison.

Commissioner Tinch moved that applications for renewal of gaming licenses at the following
19cations be granted: Peggy's Cafe, 124 S. 1st - 14 slot machines; Apache Hotel, 104 N.

2nd - 3 slot machines; Pioneer Club, 25 Fremont 1 poker table, 1 slot machine; Mandalay Bar - 113 Fremont
3 slot machines; Food Center, 770 Fremont - 1 slot machine; Silver State Service, 5th &

Fremont - 1 slot machine; LaMar Foremaster, 816 Fremont - 1 slot machine; Montgomery Cafe
614 S1 5th - 1 slot machine; R. Garner, 123 S. 2nd - 4 slot machines; Rancho Grande, 406
S. 2nd - 1 slot machine; Boulder Club, 118 Fremont - 1 crap table and L. P. Lawrence
329 N. 5th - 1 slot machine. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A report from the Police Department regarding a disturbance on N. 1st Street was read.

Thereafter, Commissioner Tinch requested certain equipment for the purpose of quelling riots.

Commissioner Smith moved that the report of the police department be accepted as read and
a copy placed on file and we declare emergency existing and that the police department be
instructed to purchase the equipment needed to suppress such up-risings and repay Boulder
City what they have loaned us and submit the bill for payment. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until May 5th, 1942 at the hour of 7:30
P. M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Comm-
issioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.