OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 16, 1939

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada; held on the 16th, day of March, 1939 at the hour of seven o'clock
P.M.

Present: Commissioners, Krause, Ronnow, Lace, and Corradetti. and Dep. City Clerk Le Boy
Whipple.

Absent: Mayor H.P. Marble, City Attorney H.H. Austin and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Commissioner Herb Krause acted as Mayor Pro Tem, in the absence of Mayor Marble and presided at
the meeting.

Repairs to the Scout cabins, and City Barn at the City Park were discussed, and upon
motion of Commissioner Ronnow and seconded by Commissioner Luce it was agreed to authorize the
City Purchasing Clerk to send out invitations to bid on the following: One bid to cover
materials to repair the roofs of the Boy Scout Cabins, one bid to cover paint and materials
necessary to paint the Barns and One Bid to Stucco the back and two side of the grand stand.

Mr. W. J. Roads, Street Supt, was authorized to submit such specifications on materials needed
and other data necessary to the City Purchasing Clerk in order that such bids submitted would
cover in detail the necessary requirements, in making such repairs needed.

Vote on the foregoing was as follows: Commissioners, Ronnow, Luce and Corradetti, and Herb
Krause acting as Mayor Pro tem Voting Aye, Noes None.

Bids on Salvage Canvass Covers for the Fire Department were then next opened, Four bids
being received from the following houses. Las Vegas Mattress Factory, Las Vegas Tent and Awning
Company, and Las Vegas Garage Body and Top Works all from Las Vegas, Nevada and one bid from
Roy G. Davis Company of Los Angeles, California.

After checking the figures on the bids submitted, together with samples attached to each bid
on materials bid on it was decided upon the recommendation of the Fire Chief Harold Case that
the Bid from the Roy G. Davis Company of Los Angeles Be accepted. Thereupon Commissioner
Corradetti moved that The City Purchasing Clerk be Authorized to issue a purchase order to Roy
G. Davis Company of Los Angeles for six such salvage covers No. 102 at $15.00 Each and to have same shipped immediately
to the Fire Department. The motion was seconded by Commissioner Ronnow and vote being as follows:
Commissioners, Ronnow, Luce and Corradetti and Herb Krause acting as Mayor Pro Tem Voting Aye
Noes None.

At this time the regular payroll and demand claims against the city were presented numbering
from 119 to 125 inclusive. upon motion of commissioner Ronnow and seconded by Commissioner Luce
it was moved that such claims be allowed and that the Mayor Pro Tem and City Clerk be authorized
to sign same. Vote being, Commissioners, Ronnow, Luce and Corradetti and Herb Krause Mayor Pro
Tem voting aye, Noes None.

One Five Cent Mills Slot machine license application was presented to the board for action.
Upon motion of Commissioner Ronnow and Seconded by commissioner Luce such application from Bert
Smith at N. 3rd and Stewart Streets, was acted upon and a license to operate same for the first
quarter of 1939 was granted. Vote being Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Corradetti and Herb Krause
acting as Mayor Pro Tem voting aye, Noes None.

There being no further business before the board at this time it was moved by Commissioner
Ronnow and Seconded by Commissioner Luce that the meeting recess until March 27th, 1939 at the
hour of Nine o'clock A. M. Vote was Commissioners Ronnow, and Luce and Herb Krause voting Aye,
Noes none - Absent Commissioner Corradetti.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY; NEVADA
MARCH 27, 1939

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada; held on the 27th, day of March 1939 at the hour of nine o'clock
A. M.

Present: Mayor H.P. Marble, Commissioners, Joe S. Ronnow, H.E. Luce, Herb Krause and
Al Corradetti. City Attorney H. H. Austin and Deputy City Clerk Le Roy Whipple

Absent: City Clerk Viola Burns.

A Claim presented by J. Warren Woodard for the sum of $795.00 being principle of $750.00
and interest of $45.00 to March 27th, 1939 at 6% payable annually the same being the regular
annual payment on the purchase of land at the City Gravel Pit South of the City was first acted
upon. Motion was made by commissioner Ronnow and seconded by commissioner Krause that the claim
be payed and that the Mayor and Deputy City Clerk sign such warrant as was presented for payment
Vote on same being: Commissioners, Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor the H.P. Marble Mayor Voting
Aye Noes, None. Absent at vote being Commissioner Luce.	

Marion B. Earl Attorney for the Southern Nevada Meat and Provision Company appeared before
the board requesting that said company be exempt from paying the regular City Quarterly License
tax as provided for under ordinance # 244. Mr. Earl stated that the Southern Nevada Meat and
provision Company was a non profit organization acting as an agent for the farmers throughout the
southern part of the state and that under their set up the Federal Government had already exempted 

them from any federal taxes or licenses as is imposed on various business concerns, and
that it would work a considerable hardship on his company in as much as they were getting under
way in their business and that such license tax would really be taxing the farmer in the state
if the city should demand such a license be paid. City attorney H.H. Austin explained that under
the present ordinance that the city could not allow any exemption and that should such an exemption
be granted that the ordinance would have to be amended. Thereupon Mayor Marble asked that the

Southern Nevada Meat and Provision Co. write a letter to the board explaining in detail their 

request and that the board would have the City attorney make a report on same.