Discussion was had regarding the letter of J. R. Lewis concerning Block 16. Commissioner Smith
read to the Board his written opinion regarding the situation and his recommendation which are
on file. Thereafter, Commissioner Smith made a motion that Chief of Police, Mr. Frank Wait
of and for the city of Las Vegas, together with other police officers under his jurisdiction
who are equally responsible for neglect of their obligated duty as clearly indicated

 be and hereby are, henceforth summarily removed from duty of occupying their position
of Police officers and a demand made that they turn in or over all city property in their
possession to Mr. M.C.Tinch, Commissioner of the Police and Fire Departments. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Clark, and
Rubidoux voting aye. Noes, Commissioners Tinch and His Honor Mayor Garrison.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that Commissioner Tinch be instructed to submit the name
of a man to act as Chief of Police until a permanent appointment is made. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioner Smith, Tinch, Clark
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the suggestion of the City Planning Board recommending
the approval of the plans of A. E. Clark for the Clark sub-division, and the amendment providing that if
Mr. Clark or his associates made additional subdivision they set aside 12,00 square feet
for school purposes, be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion requesting the approval of the Board for widening of
Carson Street between 1st and 2nd Streets approximately 5'; the expense to be borne by
Mr. McMichael. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.


Commissioner Smith made a motion that $50 per month for the months of October, November, & Dec., be allowed the city attorney for the hiring of
a part time stenographer. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Some discussion was had regarding the possibility of a municipally owned water system.

His Honor appointed Commissioners Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and A.W. Blackman, city auditor
to act as a committee to look into this matter.

Commissioner Tinch made a motion that Commissioner Clark be granted permission to install
an elbow as requested at the airport substation. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk was instructed to contact the State Highway Department regarding a certain sign
at the Sal Sagev Hotel and ascertain whether they had been given permission to have said
sign.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the plans of A. E. Fleming for remodeling the
War Memorial Building be approved and that Mr. Fleming prepare plans and specifications
and that bids be let to be returned November 4th, 1941. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith.



At the hour of 12:00 o'clock midnight the meeting recessed until 12:05 A.M., on motion of
Commissioner Tinch, seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

--------                                                            October 17th, 1941

 Meeting reconvened at the hour of 12:05 A. M., with the following members present.

Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor Howell C. Garrison.

 The following vote was taken on the motion regarding the remodeling of the War Memorial
Building. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.



Commissioner Clark made a motion that the proposed revised plans of A.D. Worswich be accepted for the
airport administration building and that he be authorized to draw up the necessary
specifications. Motion seconded by commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch made a motion that the city engineer be granted permission to hire
an assistant on a temporary basis at $30 per day, and not to exceed 10 days a month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Motion made by Commissioner Rubidoux that bids be let for six thousand feet of 2" black boiler pipe. Said
bids to be returned by October 24th. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Motion made by Commissioner Rubidoux that the DeMoley be allowed to use the War Memorial Hall
on the night of November 1st, for a dance and that they be requested to pay $10 for rental.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,
Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Norton, city building inspector appeared before the Board and discussed the matter of
trailer comps within the city limits. Commissioner Tinch made a motion that the city
attorney draw a new trailer ordinance to be presented at the next regular meeting. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,
Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Tinch made a motion that the meeting recess until 7:30 P.M., the 24th day of October, 1941.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.