was tabled without action.

A statement was presented from Wilma Fanatia for rental of a certain office desk
covering the period from 7/l/34 to 6/l/41 and for the cost of said desk in the total sum
of $50.00. Mr. Clark moved that the Claim be not allowed. Seconded by Mr. Smith.

The Clerk polled the Board as follows: Smith, Clark and Rubidoux answering in the affirmative.
Passed: Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor. Motion carried.

The ordinance entitled "An Ordinance Creating a Golf Board for the City of Las
Vegas Providing for the Appointment of its members, defining its duties and Other Matters
Relating thereto." was read to the Board for a first time and adopted by the following vote,
Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor Herbert Krause voting
aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly
Newspaper printed and published in Las Vegas. This Ordinance to be known as Ordinance
No. 257 of the City of Las Vegas.

The Clerk at this time read a protest, signed by J. G. Laravey, Ione Flickinger, T.

L. Mildren and D. G. Lorenzi regarding the removal of Howell C. Garrison as Mayor of the City
 of Las Vegas. On motion of Mr. Smith seconded by Mr. Clark it was moved and carried that
the matter be turned over to the city attorney for study. Vote: Commissioners, Smith,

Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor, the Mayor voting in the affirmative. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Clark seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux it was moved and
carried that warrants Nos. 521 to 529 inclusive be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk
sign same.

Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor, the Mayor voting Aye.
Noes, none.

Mr. Smith nominated Pat Clark for Mayor Pro Tem. Seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote:
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Mr. Clark passed.

Mr. Smith moved the Board for permission to hire a certified public accountant to

audit the books. Seconded by Mr. Clark. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board on motion of Commissioner Clark
seconded by Commissioner Tinch it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until the
6th day of June, 1941 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK,

STATE OF NEVADA.

JUNE 6, 1941

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held on the 6th day of June, 1941 at the hour of 7:45p.m.

Present: Hon. Howell C. Garrison, Mayor, Commissioners, A. F. Smith, Sr., M. C.

Tinch, Pat Clark, A. P. Rubidoux; Paul Ralli, city attorney, and the Clerk and Deputy Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read.

It appearing that the Minutes failed to show that Ordinance No.257 entitled,

"An Ordinance Creating a Golf Board for the City of Las Vegas providing for the appointment
of its Members, defining its Duties and Other Matters Relating thereto" had been read
twice and upon motion of Mr. Tinch and seconded by Mr. Rubidoux and upon the following
vote, ayes, Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor the
Ordinance was adopted. Thereafter, the Minutes were approved as amended.

Mr. Worswick appeared before the Board at this time and stated that they were
unable to obtain the plans and specifications for the radio control tower to be erected at
the Airport and suggested that the matter be deferred until June 11, 1941.

Upon motion by Mr. Clark seconded by Mr. Rubidoux, and upon the following vote,
aye, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor, noes none, Mr. Smith was
authorized to sign the proof of loss on behalf of the City in regard to the damage done
by fire at the War Memorial Building.

The Clerk read a letter from Captain Perry B. Priest of the Nevada National Guard
regarding the use of a certain area for unit rendezvous during the induction period of
Battery D 121 C.A.C. National Guard. Upon motion of Mr. Clark seconded by Mr. Smith
and upon the unanimous vote of the Board the request was granted.

The Clerk rea d a letter from the Chamber of Commerce in regard to the City
allowing the use of the War Memorial Building for a concert to be given by the Eastern
Carolina Symphonic Choral Association, said Association being a non-profit organization.

Mr. Rubidoux moved that said Association be given the use of the War Memorial Building
on the 20th day of June, for the usual fee of $10.00 for janitor services, seconded
by Mr. Smith and by unanimous vote of the Board the motion was carried. The Clerk was
directed to notify said Association.

Some discussion was had as to the payment of premium on bonds for R. J. Kaltenborn,

A. F. Smith, Sr., and Pat Clark. The matter was referred to the City Attorney.