LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
FEBRUARY 4, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th day of February,

1942. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Howell C. Garrison, at the hour of 7:30 P. M.,
with the following members present; Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux. City
Attorney Paul Ralli, City Clerk, Helen Scott and the purchasing agent, Roy Whipple.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved.

Commissioner Tinch moved that vouchers 630 to 637 inclusive be allowed. Motion seconded
by commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark,
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of E. 0. Underhill for a wholesale liquor
license and importer's beverage-liquor license, and the applications of Orange Julius Co,

Verna's Drive Inn and Rancho Grande Creamery for slot machine licenses be granted for the
first quarter. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of George G. Parry for a license to
have four slot machines at 129 S. 1st Street be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Henry Kelly for a retail tavern license
at 207 N. 1st Street be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Win. E. Underwood for a retail beverage

license at 224 N. 1st Street be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried



by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Clark and Rubidoux voting aye. Voting
no, Commissioner Tinch and His Honor Mayor Garrison.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application of Malcolm C. Welch for a retail
beverage license be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux voting aye. Mayor Garrison
voting no.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid of Wm. Wittwer of $60.00 a month for wet garbage
be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the reading of the proposed ordinance on the operation of
busses in the city of Las Vegas be held over in order to make a study of same. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the applications of A.L. Riddle and Tanner Motor Co.,
for taxi stands be held over and referred to the police department for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,
Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section 5 of Ordinance No. 250 of the city
of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance regulating the sale of milk, cream and other dairy products
in the city of Las Vegas, defining standards for milk and cream; revocation for the creation
of a milk ordinance committee; providing for the appointment of a dairy and milk inspector;
authorizing the city commissioners to promulgate rules and regulations for the enforcement of
this ordinance; providing a penalty for the violation of this ordinance, repealing ordinance

No.