OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 16th, 1940.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 16th day of May, 1940 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and City Clerk.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board held on the 6th day of May, 1940
read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and car-
ried that warrants Nos. 345 to 349 be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that one slot machine license be granted to Bert Smith.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the business of entertaining the Junior Police Officers of the City of Las
Vegas was considered. It being the custom to entertain the Junior Police Officers near the close
of the school year on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was
moved and carried that the City entertain the Junior Police Officers and that the expense of
said entertainment not exceed $25.00.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk informed the Board of Commissioners that the Public Schools of the City of Las
Vegas would like permission to use the War Memorial Building the nights of May 28th, and 29th at
which times the graduation exercises would be held. The matter of the fee to be charged was dis-
cussed at this time. Mayor Russell informed the Board that he was in favor of allowing the
War Memorial Building to be used once each week with out cost by the Recreational Department of
the City.

After some discussion on the fee to charge the School District it was on motion of Commis-
sioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause moved and carried that the sum of $10.00 per night
be charged the School District.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Commissioner Ronnow voting no.

Mayor Russell inquired of the Board if provision had been made with the Elk's Lodge for
a license fee or permit to operate the Helldorado Village for the days of May 16-17-18-19.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and car-
ried that the Elks be permitted to operate all concessions within the Helldorado Village Grounds
license free.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell voting
No.

A draft of an ordinance prepared by the City Attorney amending the zoning of the City
particularly a portion of Westside was considered by the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the adoption of this ordinance be tabled and same would be considered at a meeting to be
held in the near future.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

None.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

Commissioner Krause brought to the attention of the Board a request from the Kiwanis Club
for an easement on a certain plot of ground in the City Park upon which they wished to spend
approximately $200.00 erecting a monument.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Mr. Austin City Attorney contact Attorney Henderson a member of the Kiwanis Club and prepare
a 99 year lease for the Kiwanis on a certain plot of ground in the City Park.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Krause, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

No further business appearing before the Board on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by
Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until Thursday the 16th
day of May at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

There upon said meeting recessed to meet Thursday May 16th, 1940 at 10 o'clock A.M.