THEREUPON, it appearing to the Board that JOE S. RONNOW has received a plurality of all votes cast for
the office of City Commissioner of the Second Class, it was thereof ore Resolved, on motion of Commissioner
Marble seconded by Commissioner Down, that the said Joe S. Ronnow be and he is hereby declared to be the duly
elected City Commissioner of the Second Class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it was
further Resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to the
said Joe S. Ronnow. Voting on said Resolution, Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
aye; Noes none, Absent Commissioner Perry.

THEREUPON it appearing to the Board that HERBERT KRAUSE has received a plurality of all votes cast for
the office of City Commissioner of the Fourth Class, it was therefore Resolved, on motion of Commissioner Marble
seconded by Commissioner Down that the said Herbert Krause be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected
City Commissioner of the Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it was further
Resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to the said Herbert
Krause. Voting on the said Resolution Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor. Noes, none.
Absent Commissioner Perry.

Thereupon it appearing to the Board that VIOLA BURNS has received a majority of all votes cast for the
office of City Clerk, it was therefore Resolved on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down
that the said Viola Burns be and she is hereby declared to be the duly elected City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it was further Resolved that the Mayor be and he is hereby directed to
issue a certificate of Election to the said Viola Bums. Voting on said Resolution Commissioners Down, Krause
and Marble, and His Honor the Mayor, voting aye. Noes, none. Absent Commissioner Perry.



THEREUPON it appearing to the Board that the Proposition No. ONE as same appeared on the official City ballot
in regard to the repealing of Ordinance No. 181 had been defeated by a vote of 818 to 837, it was therefore
Resolved on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down moved that said Ordinance No. 181 remain
on the books of the City of Las Vegas as a plurality of the vote cast showed the citizens in favor the of said
ordinance prohibiting picketing. Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor aye.

Noes, none. Absent Commissioner Perry.

Thereupon it appearing that the "Power Bonds" had carried by a plurality vote of both the property owners
and the non-property owners it was therefore Resolved on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner
Down that the said "Power Bond Issue" had carried. Voting was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble, and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent Commissioner Perry.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned until
Thursday the 20th day of May at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— VIOLA BURNS, CITY CLERK
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

A Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called to be held in the
Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office in the City of Las Vegas, Saturday the 15th day of May,
1937 at the hour of five o'clock P.M. on said day to consider and act upon the following:

1. To consider and act upon a Resolution in connection with Amendment to Las Vegas, 1937 Improvement District
No. 3.

Dated this 15th day of May, 1937.

L.L. Arnett,

L.L. Arnett, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— L.L. ARNETT, MAYOR AND TO JAS. H. DOWN, H. KRAUSE
H.P. MARBLE AND H.L. PERRY, COMMISSIONERS

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas a Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called to be held
in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office in the City of Las Vegas, Saturday the 15th day
of May, 1937 at the hour of five o'clock P.M. on said day to consider and act upon the following:

1. To consider and act upon the Resolution in connection with Amendment to Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District
 No. 3.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated this 15th day of May, 1937.	VIOLA BURNS

CITY CLERK

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service of the foregoing
notice and represent that H.L. Perry Commissioner is absent from the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark and State
of Nevada and his whereabouts are not easily ascertained.

L.L. Arnett	Jas. H. Down	Herb Krause

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

H.P. Marble

Commissioner	Commissioner.