airport was opened at this time. Mr. Rubidoux made a motion that the bid be rejected as

it was the only bid received. Motion seconded and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Clark made a motion that the chairman of the Airport Advisory Board be notified
to the effect that said Board go over the plans for building said administration building and
report back at the next regular meeting. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Tinch made a motion that Mr. Ralli be allowed to purchase the 1911, 1937 and
1939 Statutes of Nevada. Motion seconded and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Tinch made a motion that the following slot machine and gaming licenses be

allowed:

De Luxe Sandwich Shop 2 slot machines.	The Vegas Sweet Shoppe	1 Domino machine

Lido Bar	1 "	"	C. C. Underhill	14 slot machines

Wimpy's	1	"	"	McDonald Hotel	1	"	"

El Patio Hotel	1	"	"	LaMar Foremaster	1	"	"

Allen Abbott	1	"	"	Nevada Cafe	1	"	"

Boulder Drug Store	3	"	"	Exchange Bar	1	"	"

Mrs. Montgomery's	1	"	"	Streamline Shoe Shine	1	"	"

Craig Oil Station	1	"	"	State Cafe		1	"	"

Assoc. Bulk Plant	1	"	"	Overland Drug	1	"	"

Nate Mack	1	"	"	Silver Shoe Shine	1	"	"

Nate Mack	5	"	"

Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Clark made a motion that bids be called for for the printing of the ordinances on
a per page basis for three hundred copies and also for having the work done on a duplicator
machine. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Blackman ap eared	before the Board in regard to the revision	of the City	budget

and also as to the setting of	certain files in the city clerk's office.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this	time, Mr. Clark

made	a	motion that we adjourn	until 10:00 A.M., August 16, 1941. Motion	seconded by	Mr.

Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor voting ave. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

AUGUST 6, 1941

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: HELEN SCOTT, CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is hereby
called to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office, Wednesday
 the 6th day of August, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M., on said day to consider

1 The following cases now on file in the County Clerk's office: Johnny Negrete,
an infant, by Dolores Negrete, his guardian, vs. The City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
et al, No. 12308; Tony Negrete, an infant, by Dolores Negrete, his guardian, vs.

The City of Las Vegas, Nevada, et al. No. 12309 and Ruben Alba, an infant, by
Juan Able, his guardian vs. The City of Las Vegas, et al., 12310.



Howell C. Garrison

Mayor

To, Howell C. Garrison, Mayor and to Pat Clark, M. C. Tinch, Arthur F. Smith, Sr., and

A.	P. Rubidoux , Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE THAT PURSUANT TO A CALL THIS DAY ISSUED BY
THE Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City
Clerk's office Wednesday the 6th day of August, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock
P.M., on said day to consider the

1. The following cases now on file in the County Clerk's office: Johnny
Negrete, an infant, by Dolores Negrete, his guardian, vs. The City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, et al. No. 12308; Tony Negrete, an infant, by
Dolores Negrete, his guardian, vs. The City of Las Vegas, Nevada, et
al., No. 12309 and Ruben Alba, an infant by Juan Alba, his guardian,
vs. The City of Las Vegas, et al., No. 12310.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Helen Scott______________

City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, hereby admit due
service of the foregoing notice of Special Meeting.