M.	Paps, owner of considerable property in the Meadows Addition to the City of Las Vegas
appeared before the Board at this time and ask that the City take steps to abandon what is
known as "Old South Main Street" so that he might clear title insurance on property owned
by himself and others.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City Attorney be directed to draw the proper ordinance closing "Old South Main Street"
so that taxpayers might secure title insurance to properties in that section effected.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, and Perry and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that three slot machine licenses be granted to C.L Hennon. Applications being in proper form
and money on file with the Clerk covering the same.

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Perry and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Monday the 28th day of June, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— Viola Burns, City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

A Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby called to be
held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office, Friday the 25th day of June,
1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. on said day to consider and act upon the following
business:

1. To consider and act upon the change regulating the hours of employment on Las Vegas Street
Improvement District No. 3., also known as PWA Docket 1921-D.

Dated this 25th day of June, 1937.

__NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING___

TO L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Herbert Krause, H.P. Marble,

H.L. Perry and Joe S. Ronnow, Commissioners:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE; That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas, a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office
Friday the 25th day of June, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. on said day to consider and
act upon the following business:

1. To consider and act upon the change regulating the hours of employment on Las Vegas Street
Improvement District No. 3, Also known as PWA Docket 1021-D.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service of the
foregoing notice and represent that L.L. Arnett, Mayor is absent from the City of Las Vegas
and the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and his whereabouts are not easily ascertainable.

H.P. Marble	Herb Krause	H.L. Perry

Mayor Pro Tem	Commissioner	Commissioner

Joe S. Ronnow
Commissioner

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 25th, 1937

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County Nevada, held on the 25th day of June, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll called showed the following present Mayor Pro Tem Marble Commissioners Krause, Perry and
Ronnow, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett.

As this meeting was called for the purpose of making application to the Federal Government
PWA for the removal of the limitation of hours for Motor Patrol Operators on Las Vegas
Street improvement District No. 3, PWA Docket No. Nevada 1021-D the Board at once gave this
matter consideration.