On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried

that the City allow the sum of $25.00 to A.L. Drew to be used toward his expense incurred in at-
tending the Chapter meeting of the Electrical Inspectors Association in Long Beach. This expenditure
being provided in the Budget for the year 1940.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor
voting no.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Gilbert
seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

JUNE 4th, 1940.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 4th day of June, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and City Clerk.

Absent City Attorney Austin.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 16th day of
May read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the sum of money designated in a previous motion namely $25.00 be increased to the sum of
$34.00. This amount covering the cost of entertaining the Junior Police Officers at the close of
the school year.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that warrants Nos. 350 to 357 be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Mayor Russell at this time ask what action the Board of Commissioners wished to take to-
ward appointing a Deputy City Attorney and cited Section 22 of Ordinance No. 32.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the matter of the City Attorney be deferred until such time as City Attorney Austin
would be present at the Board meeting.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell voting
no.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that the Board proceed with the business before it without the presence of the City
Attorney or the appointment of a Deputy.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell vot-
ing no.

Mayor Russell ask if the members of the Commission did not think it advisable to have an
Attorney present when transacting business and stated his reasons for voting no on the previous
motions.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the Mayors reasons for voting no be stricken from the minutes as the same were personal
reasons.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell
voting no.

Commissioner Ronnow reported to the Board that the following sums had been spent by
the City of Las Vegas in preparation for the annual Helldorado and Rodeo; March $160.00, April
$437.00 May $381.00 and the sum of $71.00 had been expended in May for lights for the soft
ball field.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that the Las Vegas Junior Chamber of Commerce be granted permission to use the City
Park the night of June 30th, 1940 at which time the Pasadena Band would give a concert.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.