In regard to the claim of Sam Gelber for return of license fee, Mr. Ralli stated that
no claim should be considered by the Board unless presented in writing. Mr. Smith made a
motion that Mr. Gelber be notified to submit his request in writing. Motion seconded by
Mr. Clark. Vote: Commissioners, Smith and Clark voting aye. Noes, Tinch and Rubidoux.

His Honor the Mayor passing his vote.

Upon the recommendation of Frank Waite, Chief of Police, that the beer license application
of Sophia Noon be denied, and upon the motion by Mr. Tinch that said application be denied
seconded by Mr. Smith and by the following vote, Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none the motion was carried.

A statement from Cragin and Pike for bonds for the following named persons was presented
to the Board for payment. Arthur F. Smith, Sr., Chas. R. Clark and R. J. Kaltenborn.

Mr. Smith moved that the bill be denied and that the parties themselves be billed. Seconded
by Mr. Clark. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

In regard to insurance on the bus being used by the Recreation Department, Mr. Ralli
stated that if the bus was purchased in the name of the Boy Scout Organization there would
be no necessity for insurance. He also stated that Insurance companies were contacted
regarding rates and as soon as he received information from the agents he will take the matter up.

Mr. Ralli read a proposed resolution to the Board regarding the establishment of an advisory
Board for the Airport. Mr. Rubidoux moved that the matter of a resolution be laid over for further
discussion. Motion seconded by Mr. Clark. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

The Clerk, at this time, read the written opinion of the City Attorney regarding John L.
Russell's notice of motion to open judgment. Mr. Tinch made a motion that the notice of
motion to open judgment on behalf of John L. Russel be denied. Seconded by Mr. Rubidoux.

Vote:	Commissioners, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Smith no.

Motion carried.

The Clark read a letter from Harry H. Austin regarding the purchase of certain lands
for the erection of a radio transmitter station for the Government of the United States in
connection with its Gunnery School. It appearing that the original land purchased had been
abandoned by the Government and that another site had been chosen and that the latter site
could be purchased by the City for the sum of $17.91 from the County Treasurer. Mr. Austin
appeared before the Board at this time and explained the matter to them.

Thereafter, Mr. Clark made a motion that the city purchase the new site hereinafter

described as follows, to-wit: the SW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 8, Township 20 S, Range 62
east for the sum of $17.91 and further that that certain site authorized to be purchased
by the former board described as follows: to-wit, the SE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 12, Township

20 S, Range 61 E be bought. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch. Vote: Commissioners Smith,

Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

At this time bids on tires and tubes for the Seagrave Truck were opened and presented to
the Board. Same were referred to Mr. Whipple to determine the lowest bid.

Bids on bed, spring, mattress and pillows were opened and presented to the Board.

Same were referred to Mr. Whipple to determine the lowest bid.

At this time the bids on wire for the city lights were opened and presented to the Board
and later referred to Mr. Whipple for the purpose of determining the lowest bid.

Only one bid was received on the cooler for the fire house. Said Bid was opened and submitted
to the Board.



Mr. Tinch moved that the city purchase six tires size 32x6, 10 ply @ $25.26 ea., for Seagrave Truck
and six tubes @ $3.14 each, from the General Auto Parts, it appearing that this bid was the
lowest bid submitted. Motion seconded by Mr. Clark. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mrs. Ada Bearden appeared before the Board protesting the retaining of Poison Smith
on the payroll of the City. Mr. Rubidoux, under whose department Mr. Smith was hired stated
that he was investigating the matter and assured her that the matter would be taken care
of to the satisfaction of every one concerned.

Mr. Tinch moved that the bid of Brown's Furniture Store for a bed in the sum of $6.50,
mattress in the sum of $13.00, spring in the sum of $6.50 for the city fire house be

accepted, it appearing that this is the lowest bid submitted. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith.

Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none. Motion carried.



It appearing that only one bid was received on the cooler, therefore, Mr. Tinch made a motion
that new bids be let for said cooler. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith. Vote: Commissioners,

Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes ,none. Motion carried.

Bids having been heretofore submitted for the purchase of a desk and chair for the office
of the city clerk. Mr. Clark moved that the bid of Albright's Business Machine be accepted
said bid being in the sum of $154.50, and being the lowest bid submitted. Motion seconded by
Mr. Smith. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux, Clark and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Upon motion by Mr. Clark, seconded by Mr. Tinch, it was ordered that bids be let for an
index book for the Commissioners Minutes. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Smith moved that letter heads and envelopes be purchased for the city and that the
quantity, quality and style of letterhead be left up to the city clerk. Motion seconded by
Mr. Clark. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

It having come to the attention of His Honor the Mayor that the sister of Commissioner
Rubidoux had just passed away, the Mayor on behalf of the Board extended the sincere sympathy

of the Board to Mr. Rubidoux.