This meeting being called for the purpose of signing a lease with the U.S. Government for
use of the Las Vegas Airport as same was set forth incall of special meeting and the Mayor together
with Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City attorney and Clerk being present
the Board at once took up the matter.

Also being present were Commissioners Clark, Gore, Kaltenborn and Smith.

General Harns and Lt. Cassidy of the U.S. Army and Fred Kelley of the W.A.E. presented to the
Board a form of lease and after considering the same the following Resolution was introduced and
passed:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED By the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
that the Lease this day present to said Board by the United States government, wherein and whereby
the said City of Las Vegas does lease and let unto the United States, the use of the Las Vegas
Municipal Airport (formerly the airport of the Western Air Express Corporation) be and the same is
hereby approved, and that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized to execute
the same for and on behalf of said City of Las Vegas and to affix thereto the corporate seal of said
City of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Ronnow proposed the adoption of the above and foregoing Resolution and the same
was seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, and the same was passed and adopted by the following vote:

Voting aye; Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor.

Voting no, none.

Absent none.

At the request of Mayor Russell the following Resolution was also adopted:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED By the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
that the Lease this day presented to said Board by the United States government, wherein and
whereby the said City of Las Vegas does lease and let unto the United States, the use of the Las
Vegas Municipal Airport (formerly airport of Western Air Express Corporation), be and the same is
hereby approved, and that the Mayor and Clerk be and they are hereby authorized to execute the same
for and on behalf of said City of Las Vegas and to affix thereto the corporate seal of said City
of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Kaltenborn proposed the adoption of the above and foregoing Resolution and the
same was seconded by Commissioner Smith and the same was passed and adopted by the following
vote:

Voting Aye Commissioners Kaltenborn, Smith, Clark and Gore and His Honor the Mayor.

Voting no, none.

Absent none.

There upon the said meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 23rd 1941

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held on the 23rd day of January, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti City Attorney
and Clerk.

Also Present were Messrs. Clark, Gore and Smith. Absent Mr. Kaltenborn

Minutes of regular meeting of January 16th read and approved as read.

On motion of Mr. Clark seconded by Mr. Smith it was moved and carried that Warrants Nos
455 to 459 be allowed.

Vote Messrs, Clark, Gore and Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Mr. Clark seconded by Mr. Smith it was moved and carried that the bid of the
Signal Oil Co. for purchase of gasoline requirements of the for the year 1941 be accepted.

Vote Messrs. Clark, Gore and Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and car-
ried that the contract with the Burroughs Adding Machine Company for service for adding machine in
the Clerk's Office for the year 1941 be signed. Price for service $20.10.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor
passing his vote.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be allowed;

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor
passing his vote.