Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

OFFSITE IMPROVEMENT	Joseph and Mary H. Blasco, owners of property adjacent to Bracken Avenue, 15th to l6th Street,

AGREEMENT	and l6th Street north, have signed an offsite improvement agreement to install utilities,

Joseph & Mary H. Blasco                  street improvements and street lighting at an estimated cost of $27,790.00. The Engineering

Department recommends that this agreement be approved subject to theposting of a bond or
Held in Abeyance	certified check in the amount of $27,799*00.

Mr. Paul V. Smitley, owners of theproperty immediately adjacent to the property owned by
Mr. Blasco, appeared before the Board to object to the matter under consideration and more
particularly to the two quitclaim deeds to be considered in conjunction with this offsite
improvement agreement, in that the acceptance of the quitclaim deeds for street purposes
would require dedication of right-of-way on his property which would, in his opinion,
seriously jeopardize the design of the subdivision he proposes to develop in the area.

After considerable discussion it was suggested by His Honor, Mayor Baker, that the Planning
Commission prepare a plan for the entire area in question; whereupon, Commissioner Fountain
moved that the offsite improvement agreement be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

QUITCLAIM DEED	The Commission considered adoption of Resolution of acceptance of Quitclaim Deed for the

To City of Las Vegas	following in conjunction with the above Offsite Improvement Agreement:

from

Joseph & Mary H. Blasco	Parcel 1.	30' r/w, N? of Bracken Ave. from 15th to l6th St.

Parcel II. 30' r/w, of l6th St. from Bracken Avenue
Held in Abeyance	,

Commissioner Fountain moved that acceptance of the quitclaim deed for the above &e held in
abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

QUITCLAIM DEED	The Commission considered adoption of Resolution of Acceptance of Quitclaim Deed for a

To City of Las Vegas	Cul-de-Sac 60' in width north of Bracken Avenue in conjunction with the above offsite

from	improvement agreement.

Joseph & Mary H. Blasco

Commissioner Fountain moved that acceptance of the quitclaim deed for the above be held
Held in Abeyance	in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GRANT, BARGAIN & SALE             The Commission considered the adoption of Resolution of Acceptance of Grant, Bargain and
DEED	Sale Deed to the City of Las Vegas from Gladys C. Harris for the extension of Fir Avenue

To City of Las Vegas	easterly from Charleston Heights Tract No. 7 to Decatur Boulevard,

from

Gladys C. Harris	Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted and order made:

Resolution of Acceptance	RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF GRANT, BARGAIN & SALE DEED

Adopted

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Harris
P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of January, 1959; by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
9th day of December, 1958, executed by Gladys C. Harris to the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution is filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Robert F. Boos, Acting City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy of the
Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of the
Board of Commissioners held on the 7th day of January, 1959*

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 8th day of January, 1959*

/s/ R. F. BOOS_________________________

Acting Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

EASEMENT	The Commission considered the adoption of Resolution of Acceptance of Easement to the City

To City of Las Vegas	of Las Vegas from Henry H. and Mary E. Willey for 5' aerial right-of-way across the front

from	of Lot 1, Block 1, Bel Air Tract No. 3 for purpose of street lighting wires. (This light

Henry H. & Mary E.	pole was installed in 1948 and was off-center; therefore, it was necessary to have easement

Willey	across private property.)

Resolution of Acceptance              Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted and order made:

Adopted

1-7-59