WHEREAS, the said assessment roll was filed with the City Clerk on the 31st
day of January, 1958; and

WHEREAS, notice of the said filing and the public hearing on said assessment 
roll were duly published and mailed as required by the charter of the City
of Las Vegas and Ordinance 758; and

WHEREAS, public hearings on the amount of assessments were held on 
February 19; 1958, and regularly recessed March 5, 1958, and thereafter regularly 
recessed until March 7, 1958; and

WHEREAS, the revised assessment roll has now been filed all as directed
by Ordinance 758 and the resolution of March 7; 1958; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to confirm the said revised assess-
ment roll,

NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regularly recessed meeting thereof, held on the 7th day of
March, 1958, that Assessment Roll No. 36-1958, (Revised) be and the same hereby
is confirmed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk shall endorse said 
confirmation on the said roll and forward the same to the County Assessor, Ex-Officio
City Assessor, for the placing of said assessments on the official rolls of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada.

DATED at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 7th day of March, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT 	Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution directing notification be sent
NO. 100-35	to the property owners of the amount of assessment, and allowing this assessment 

Notice of Assessment	to be paid in cash up to and including April 4, 1958, be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, in the County of Clark, and State of Nevada, 
and the officers thereof, have taken action to improve a certain street therein; 
and

WHEREAS, said City has created Street Improvement Assessment District No.
100-35 For the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, the revised Assessment Roll No. 36-1958 (Revised) has been duly
confirmed on the 7th day of March, 1958; end

WHEREAS, Section 15 of Ordinance No. 758 provides for a cash payment period 
of the amount of the assessments which said period is four weeks during
which they may be paid in full without interest; and

WHEREAS, the time has now come to notify the owners of the premises assessed 
that they may within said period of four weeks, pay the full assessment
in cash,

NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a recessed regular meeting thereof, held on the 7th day of
March, 1958, that the Director of Finance of the City of Las Vegas, acting in
the place and stead of the County Assessor, Ex-Officio City Assessor, be, and
he hereby is directed to notify in writing  all owners of the property assessed
that they may pay said assessment in full within said period of four weeks.

DATED at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 7th day of March, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution authorizing the giving of notice 

NO. 100-35	for bid for the sale of bonds in Assessment District No. 100-35; said bids

Notice of Sale of Bonds	to be opened April 16, 1958, be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements within the City of Las Vegas all
as described in Ordinance No. 758; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City Clerk
to advertise for sale of bonds all in accordance with the proceedings heretofore 
taken to construct said improvements by special assessment,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular recessed meeting thereof held on the 7th day of March,

1958, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is
hereby directed to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will receive
bids for bonds for Special Assessment District No. 100-35 in an amount equal to
the unpaid assessments after the completion of the cash payment period of four
weeks.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of 
Commissioners be and she hereby is directed to publish notice of the receipt of bids
for said bonds by publication for five consecutive weeks, one week apart in the
Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas;
and

3-7-58