Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

TWIN LAKES ESTATES	Commissioner Whipple moved the final plat for Twin Lakes Estates, Unit #3, be accepted

UNIT #3	as recommended by the Public Works Department subject to the approval of the bond by

the City Attorney.

Acceptance of

Final Plat	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

STREET REPAIR CONTRACT           Commissioner Sharp moved the request for increase in contract amount for the Street

(1958-1959)	Repair Contract (1958-1959) for additional funds in the amount of $3,614.15 required

to complete contract payments be approved. These funds are reimbursable.

Additional Funds

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

STREET LIGHTING	Director of Public Works Sauer requested permission to receive informal bids to be

28th STREET	opened September 13, 1959, for Street Lighting Installation at 28th Street. This

would cover installation of two street lights on the east side of 28th Street to 
Approved to Receive                  connect the street lighting at the Roy W. Martin School with street lighting on Sunrise
Informal Bids	Avenue. These poles would be located on adjacent City property now under option to

the Las Vegas Housing Authority and they had agreed to reimburse the City for these
street lights if they exercise this option. Estimated cost was $1,300.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request for permission to receive informal bids to be
opened September 13, 1959, for Street Lighting Installation at 28th Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

7½ H.P. PUMP AND	Director of Public Works Sauer requested permission to receive informal bids on

INSTALLATION	September 15, 1959, for 7^ H.P. Pump and Installation for the Police Rehabilitation

Police Rehabilitation	Farm Irrigation System. Mr. Sauer stated the original bid was for a 30 H.P. Pump

Farm Irrigation System	but that the 7½ H.P. Pump would be adequate for the present and for any extension of

the system. Commissioner Whipple asked if he had checked this with the soil 
Approved to Receive	conservation people, and Mr. Sauer stated he had.

Informal Bids

Commissioner Whipple moved the request for permission to receive informal bids to be
opened September 15, 1959, for 7½ H.P. Pump and Installation for the Police 
Rehabilitation Farm Irrigation System, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

PAVING BONANZA	Director of Public Works Sauer advised that due to the break in the water line the

12th St. to 14th St.	Water District requested the City handle the repaving of that section on Bonanza

Road from 12th Street to 14th Street; the cost of this work to be paid by the
Approved to Receive	insurance company. Mr. Sauer requested permission to receive informal bids for

Informal Bid and Award                 this work and to make the award.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request for permission to receive informal bids for
the paving of Bonanza Road from 12th Street to 14th Street, and to make the award,
be approved subject to the approval of the City Manager and City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

QUITCLAIM DEED	The Commission considered the Quitclaim Deed to the City of Las Vegas from Frank	J.

Vlack, Cullen, and Cross                 Vlack, Frank Cullen, and Dillon Cross for 30 feet additional right-of-way to the south

half of East Bonanza Road across the street from Sunland Village and approximately
Resolution of	800 feet west of Nellis Boulevard.

Acceptance Adopted

This dedication was one of the requirements under the approval of Use Permit (U-17-59)
for a trailer park at 4900 East Bonanza which was approved August 5, 1959.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution of acceptance be adopted and
order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCIAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Harris P.
Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 2nd day of September, 1959, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 7th
day of August, 1959, executed by Frank J. Vlack, Frank Cullen, Dillon Cross to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described 
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this Resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Marjorie Holtschlag, City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

9-2-59