Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. 
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Sharp moved that the following cigarette applications be approved and the

New	Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses.

Approved	STARLITE JUICE BAR	20 Fremont	Sutton Vending Co.

GRANADA APARTMENTS	308 Cleveland Ave.	Sutton	Vending	Co.

E. G. & G.	310 Wall St.	Sutton	Vending	Co.

BLUE CAB CO.	1400 South A	Sutton	Vending	Co.

MOM'S CAFE	30ij. Jackson	Sutton	Vending	Co.

REYNOLD'S ELEC. CO.	931 South Main	Sutton	Vending	Co.

DESERT MOTORS	1205 South 5th	Sutton	Vending	Co.

CANNON SNACK BAR	409 Jackson	Sutton	Vending	Co.

DELMAR MOTEL	1411 South 5th	Sutton	Vending	Co.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

LOCKSMITH LICENSE	Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Elzie Neal Ferrell for a 

Nevada Key Service	locksmith license at the Nevada Key Service, 218 North Main, be approved and the 

Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license. Police report was
Approved	favorable on the applicant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

REZONING (Z-9-59)	The Commission considered the application of Wilbur Clark for the reclassification

Wilbur Clark	of property generally located at the southeast comer of Vegas Drive and Tonopah

Highway, legally described as Lot 1, Block 21, portions of Lot 19 and 20, Block 21,
Denied	Twin Lakes Village Unit 5, from R-1 to C-1. Denial was recommended by the Planning

Commission. There were six protests.

His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there was anyone present who would like to
speak for or against this application and there was no one who wished to speak.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Wilbur Clark for the 
reclassification of property generally located at the southeast comer of Vegas Drive and
Tonopah Highway, legally described as Lot 1, Block 21, portions of Lot 19 and 20,

Block 21, Twin Lakes Village Unit 5, from R-1 to C-1 be denied as recommended by
the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

REZONING (Z-11-59)	The Commission considered the application of F. E. Searway for the reclassification

F. E. Searway	of property generally located on the southwest comer of McWilliams and "H"

Streets, legally described as a portion of N½, SE¼, Section 28, T 20 S, R 61 E,
Approved	from R-1 and R-2 to R-4.

Director of Planning Bills stated that this application was amended at the meeting
of the Planning Commission, with the consent of the owner, to R-3 and recommended
for approval as amended. There was one letter of approval and no protests.

His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there was anyone present who wished to
speak in regard to this application and Mr. Searway spoke from the audience stating
that he could not say that he was delighted with the amendment to R-3 and thought
he was entitled to R-4; however, he would be satisfied with R-3 and be a "good
little boy".

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of F. E. Searway for the 
reclassification of property generally located on the southwest comer of McWilliams and "H"
Streets, legally described as a portion of the N½, SE¼, Section 28, T 20 S, R 61 E,
from R-1 and R-2 to R-3 as amended by the Planning Commission be approved and the
City Attorney instructed to prepare the necessary ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

REZONING (2-13-59)	The Commission considered the application of Val Bissonnette for the reclassification

Val Bissonnette	of property generally located on the north side of Encanto Drive between McWilliams

and 9th Streets, and south of Cashman Field, legally described as Lots 3-6,

Approved	Block 4, Biltmore Addition No. 3, from R-1 to R-3. There was one letter of approval 

and no protests to this application.

Director of Planning Bills stated that both the Planning Commission and the Planning
Staff recommended approval of this application but noted that in view of the irregular
shape of the lots, the lack of alley access and an existing utility easement crossing 
the lots, it appeared likely that in processing building permit applications it
might be necessary to restrict the number of units to something less than the 16
units, which this zoning would allow on these four lots.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Val Bissonnette for the 
reclassification of property generally located on the north side of Encanto Drive between
McWilliams and 9th Streets, and south of Cashman Field, legally described as Lots 3 -6,
Block 4., Biltmore Addition No. 3, from R-1 to R-3 be approved as recommended by the
Planning Commission and the City Attorney instructed to prepare the necessary 
ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor C. D. Baker.

3-20-59