and then the City asked them to get a meeting place, which they have done. She
further stated that they had improved this building and did not understand why
they call it a fire hazard and asked just what the City wanted them to do.

Commissioner Bunker said that it appeared to him that this building does not even
meet the minimum requirements and further that the City has competent people who
inspect these buildings and they report in written letter that this is a fire
hazard. Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated that as he saw it, the Commission could not
approve this use permit, and suggested that the applicants check this out with the
Building Department to see just what should be done.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Jessie and Edith Morgan for a
use permit to conduct church services in Faith Temple, Church of God in Christ, on
property located at 905 Adams Avenue, be denied on the basis that the Commission
cannot encourage these people to continue on with this building unless they can
bring the building up to code.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

USE PERMIT (U-4-59)	The Commission considered the application of Shirley Day for a use permit to conduct

Shirley Day	a mimeographing service as a customary home occupation, for a period not to exceed

six months, on property located at 820 Clarkway Drive, between Washington and Bonanza,
Approved	legally described as a portion of the E½, NE¼, NW¼, SW¼, Section 28, T20S, R61E,

M.D.B.&M., in an R-E zone.

The Board of Zoning Adjustment recommended that the request for a use permit to
conduct a mimeographing service as a home occupation be denied, but that a temporary
(Non-renewable) permit for a period not to exceed six months be granted, subject to
the condition that there be no signs displayed. The Board of Zoning Adjustment did
not want to qualify A mimeographing service as being a customary home occupation.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Shirley Day for a use permit be
approved as a temporary (non-renewable) permit for a period not to exceed six months
be approved subject to the condition that there be no signs displayed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

VARIANCE (V-4-59)	The Commission considered the application of Sam P. Cava for a Variance to waive

Sam P. Cava	front yard setback requirements on South 8th Street thereby permitting the construction

of a building up to the front property line, on property located at 721 E. Charleston
Denied	Boulevard, between Charleston and Gass, on South 8th, legally described as Lots 22,

23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28 and 29, Block 34, South Addition, and a portion of Block B,

Wardie Addition, in an R-4 zone.

Denial was recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment and there were four letters
of protest. Planning Director Bills stated that denial has been recommended primarily
because for some three years now there have been a variety of variances and use permits
in R-4 zones, and in each case these offices along Charleston Boulevard have been held
to the same setbacks as an apartment building. He contended that if this variance
was approved there would be more applications for the same type of variances on the
basis that this had been allowed for other applicants.

Julius Gabriele, Architect, spoke on behalf of the applicant stating that the property
line is 15' back from the curb on South 8th and with the 10' setback would make a 25'
setback and they feel that this is excessive, and they are of the opinion that there
would still be plenty of room for landscaping if the front yard setback was waived.

Commissioner Sharp requested to see the plot plan for this development and Mr. Bills
presented them to the Commission. Mr. Bills again stated that if this setback requirement 
was waived for the applicant that there would be more and more requests
for variances in connection with setback requirements and reminded the Commission
that there were four letters of protest received.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Sam P. Cava for a variance to
waive front yard setback requirements on South 8th Street on property located at 721
East Charleston Boulevard, be denied as recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

VARIANCE (V-5-59)	Application of Mildred Magleby for a variance to conduct a commercial child nursery

Mildred Magleby	on property located at 715 North 11th Street, between Harris and Wilson Streets,

legally described as Lot 15, Block 3, Stewart Addition, in an R-3 zone.

Withdrawn by Applicant

Denial recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment. There were four letters of
protest and seven verbal protests recorded at the Board of Zoning Adjustment meeting.

This application was not considered by the Commission as it was withdrawn by the
applicant prior to the time the meeting convened.

-oOo-

At the hour of 8:35 P.M. the meeting was recessed and reconvened at the hour of 8:50 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

-oOo-

LICENSES	Commissioner Sharp moved that his motion approving the application of Robert Powell

Pawnshop & Permit for	and Ronald Markin for a Pawnshop License and Permit for Sale of Firearms at the Ace

Sale of Firearms	Loan Co., 128 South 1st Street, be rescinded.

Ace Loan Co.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Held in Abeyance	Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

3-4-59