USE PERMIT - U-1-58	City Manager Kennedy reported on the installation of a sewer line in connection

First Southern Baptist	with the use permit granted the First Southern Baptist Church to construct a

Church	church building on the southeast corner of 6th and St. Louis. He stated that the

estimated cost of putting this line in would be $2200, and a large portion of
this would be contrary to the overall sewer plan; and as the overall sewer plan
would be put in this line would be abandoned or cut off because it would 
transfer a large portion of the sewage into the wrong trunk line. Mr. Kennedy 
recommended that the church be allowed to use a septic tank until a sewer line is put
in this area.

Mr. Ray Cutright; one of the Church Trustees was present and advised the 
Commission that they would be willing to enter into an agreement to participate in an
assessment district for the installation of sewer and would connect when a line
is available.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the First Southern Baptist Church at the southeast
comer of 6th and St. Louis be permitted to use a septic tank until a sewer line is
available.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain; Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS	Director of Planning Bills presented the tentative maps of Charleston Heights Sub-

TRACT NOS. 6 & 7	division, Tract Nos. 6 &7 and advised the Board that these maps have been approved

Tentative Maps	by the Planning Commission, subject to the following conditions:

1.	Approval of the sewerage plan by the Engineering Department.

2.	Dedication and improvement of Fir Street from Charleston Heights #7
to Decatur Boulevard, with the final, approval of the street design
subject to approval of the Planning and Engineering Departments.

3.	The Subdivider meeting responsibilities to the School District for
the provision of land for school site purposes.

Commissioner Fountain moved the tentative maps of Charleston Heights Tract Nos.

6 and 7 be approved, subject to the conditions set forth by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

REZONING - Z-46-56	Commissioner Whipple moved the application for the rezoning of property on Charleston 

East Charleston	Boulevard between 15th and Fremont Streets now zoned R-4 to C-1 be referred

	back to the Planning Commission for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

WESTERN AIR LINES	The Clerk read a letter drafted by the	City Attorney to the National Mediation Board

STRIKE	concerning the strike of the pilots of Western Air Lines, and requesting that they

take steps to restore this service.

Commissioner Fountain moved this letter be approved and the Mayor authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

BID NO. 58.02	This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 58.02 for the construction of a

Trickling Filter	Trickling Filter System for the Sewage Treatment Plant, bids were received from the

System	following firms:

Sewage Treatment Plant

LEMBE CONSTRUCTION CO.	$ 135,248.95

LONGLEY CONSTRUCTION CO.	138,617.50

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Engineering
Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

FREEWAY LOCATION	The Clerk read a telegram from Houston Mills, State Highway Engineer concerning the

	location of the freeway.

Commissioner Sharp moved this telegram, which is as follows, be made a part of the
record:

"The Highway Department Public Roads and Clark County Commissioners have approved
the "B" line from McCarran Airport to a point approximately 1000 feet south of
Charleston Boulevard. Final location of line in vicinity of Charleston Boulevard
pending meeting with City and Railroad Officials and adoption of line through UPRR
property. The "B" line falls approximately 1400 feet west of UPRR tracks along
San Francisco Avenue, approximately 1000 feet west of UPRR tracks along Oakey
Boulevard and approximately 700 feet west of UPRR tracks opposite Wyoming Avenue
which is the minimum distance between the freeway and railroad in this area. Final
 design between McCarran Airport and the point approximately 1000 feet west of
Charleston Boulevard is under way."

4-2-58