Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

SALARY INCREASE	Commissioner Bunker moved that salary increase effective February 1, 1959, for Franklin

FEBRUARY 1, 1959	J. Bills, from Step 4-5, Schedule 40, 867-910 be approved.

Franklin J. Bills

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Approved	Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

NOTICE OF CLAIM	The Commission considered the claim of Thomas J. Thebo for damage to real property

Thomas J. Thebo	located at 1816 W. Bonanza Road resulting from Police investigation	of a shooting

and the plaster was tom from the walls to remove the bullets; amount claimed was
Allowed	$98 .90.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Claim of Thomas J. Thebo for damage to real property
located at 1816 W. Bonanza Road resulting from police investigation of a shooting and
the plaster was tom from the walls to remove the bullets, be allowed, and the Director
of Finance and City Treasurer be authorized to issue the warrant in the amount of $98.90.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

PURCHASE OF PROPERTY	City Manager Kennedy requested approval of the purchase of a parcel	of land 84' x 230'

Victor Brunetti	which lies between Highland Drive and Sunny Place on the south side	of Washington

Washington Avenue 	Avenue from Victor and Matilda Brunetti, 1066 East Santa Anita Avenue, Burbank, California,

between Highland Drive	in the total amount of $1,700.00. This property is located at the intersection of

and Sunny Place	Washington Avenue and Highland where we are now bringing Highland through.

Approved	This property is needed to allow a smooth curve at this corner as there is an offset

between Highland Drive north of Washington and Highland Drive south of Washington.

By obtaining this property we can take the portion that is needed for road purposes
at this location and trade the portion that is not needed for road purposes to the
adjacent property owner for the back portion of his property that will be needed to
complete this curve.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the purchase of the Victor and Matilda Brunetti property
on Washington Avenue between Highland Drive and Sunny Place, approximately 84' x 230'
be approved in the amount of $1,700.00 and the Director of Finance and City Treasurer
be authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

RELOCATION OF HOUSING	At the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held January 21, 1959, the

AUTHORITY BUILDING	Board considered the request of the Salvation Army in regard to the moving of a

Salvation Army Shelter	Housing Authority Building on to City property located north of Bonanza Road and west

of the railroad tracks which they propose to lease.

Report

The Housing Authority has offered to donate the recently vacated nursery building now
located in Kelso Turner for use as the Salvation Army Shelter.

This Shelter has been maintained at the old Welfare Administration Building behind
the City Shops and last year the Salvation Army received notice that they would have
to vacate this location as soon as possible due to the fact that the proposed freeway
would be coming through there.

At the meeting of January 21, 1959, Bud Swanson of the United Fund asked the Commission
if it would be possible for the facilities of the City, in conjunction with the County,
to move and set up this building for the Salvation Army Shelter. He further stated that
he felt they could get sufficient support from the labor organizations to do the
necessary work to bring the building up to code once it is relocated. Director of
Public Works Sauer stated that the City does not have this type of moving equipment
After some discussion the opinion of the Commission was that the City should 
participate in some way to help with this worthwhile project and the matter was referred to
the City Manager for investigation and report.

City Manager Kennedy reported to the Board that it would cost approximately $3,400.00
to have the building moved to the new location and suggested that this low bid which
was obtained from a local moving concern be considered. An estimated total cost of
$13,300.00 would cover all material, labor and the moving of the building. It might
be possible to get some better prices and help which would reduce this total cost. He
further stated that the County Commission is also considering this proposition at their
meeting and this matter will again be presented at the next Board of Commissioners
Meeting.

PETITION	City Manager Kennedy reported to the Board that a petition from property owners residing

Reduce Speed on Beverly	on Beverly Way between San Francisco and St. Louis Avenues requesting that raised berms

Way	be placed on the surface of Beverly Way in order to slow up traffic.

The Traffic Engineer has checked this area using radar equipment and could find no
excessive speeding. Several petitioners were contacted to determine the approximate
time of the speeding and these hours were checked with the same results. It would
appear that the major portion of the speeding has stopped; however, speed checks will
be continued in the area.

It is recommended that no berms be placed in the street, not only this street but any
street, to slow down traffic, due to the liability that would be automatically placed
on the City for any accident caused by somebody hitting on these berms.

VOTING MACHINES	City Manager Kennedy read the proposed resolution for the use of Voting Machines in the

Request for use in 1959	1959 Municipal Elections and requested that this resolution be adopted. He further

Municipal Elections	requested that one of the Commissioners be appointed to serve with the Chief of Police

of the City of Las Vegas as duly authorized officials to inspect the voting machines.

Adopted

2-4-59