Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

SWIMMING POOL POLICY	City Manager Kennedy presented the following proposed policy regarding Joint Usage of Swimming

Joint Use	Pools in conjunction with the cooperative program between the City and School District:

City & School District

SWIMMING POOL USAGE POLICY IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE
COOPERATIVE PROGRAM BETWEEN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
AND THE CLARK COUNTY SCHOOLS SYSTEM

In conjunction with the adopted policy between the City of Las Vegas and the Clark County
Schools System the joint usage of the swimming pool and dressing rooms is herein outlined:

SWIM SEASON:

The Recreation Department of the City of Las Vegas will operate the John C. Fremont and
the Hyde Park Pools for public swimming during the summer school vacation period. The two
Junior High Schools adjacent to the pools will have usage of the facilities for the physical
education and competitive swim program during the month of May and up until school is out for
the summer and September of each year. The schools will not use the pools after daily school
hours or on weekends or holidays. Authorized competitive swim programs, however, will be
permitted after school hours with proper clearance between both parties.

FACILITIES:

The swimming pool facilities referred to in this agreement includes both the school
dressing rooms and lobby entrances and the city's swimming pools and parking areas.

OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE RESPONSIBILITIES:

It will be the responsibility of the City of Las Vegas to maintain all of the facilities
located on city property and it will be the school's responsibility to maintain that part of
the facility located on the school property. The vacuuming of the pools, the water testing
and treatment, chlorination, and deck cleaning will be the city's obligation and the cleaning
of dressing room facilities, toilet paper end paper towels will be the schools obligation.

The City of Las Vegas will charge fees for public swimming, the schools however will not
charge fees or use the pool facilities as a source of raising funds.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITY:

The Recreation Department of the City of Las Vegas will be responsible for the pool dis-
ipline and welfare of all swimmers during their public swimming programs and the schools will
be responsible for the welfare of all swimmers during their program of swimming.

Swimming rules and regulations and pool behavior will be outlined and enforced during the
City's public swimming and the schools will adhere to the same procedures plus any they wish to
put into effect.

Changes to this policy can become effective only through agreement of both the City of
Las Vegas and the Clark County Schools System.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Swimming Pool Joint Use Policy between the City of Las Vegas
and the Clark County School System be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioners Sharp.

"NEVADA LOOKS AHEAD"	City Manager Kennedy presented a letter from Mr. H. W. Lambert, Reno Newspapers Inc., requesting

PUBLICATION	that the City of Las Vegas participate in the "Nevada Looks Ahead" Publication to be out shortly

after the first of the year.

Mr. Kennedy said that there are to be about 60,000 copies of this special edition printed, for
national distribution.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated that he believed that this should be considered as a County-wide
project and suggested that a check be made to determine what other jurisdictions within the
County might be doing in regards to participating in this publication.

LAS VEGAS DAY NURSERY            City Manager Kennedy presented a petition signed by mothers of children attending the Las
SCHOOL PETITION	Vegas Day Nursery School requesting that the school be permitted to continue to operate at its

present location. The Building is located on Housing Authority property.

Referred to

Housing Authority	Commissioner Fountain moved that this matter be referred to the Housing Authority for proper

disposition.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

FIR AVENUE - RESOLUTION	City Manager Kennedy presented a Resolution Authorizing Condemnation of Fir Avenue. Mr.

OF CONDEMNATION	Kennedy stated that the owner had been written a letter concerning the acquiring of this

property for right of way for Charleston Heights #7 but no reply has been received, so it would
Adopted	appear that condemnation proceedings will have to be initiated.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Resolution Authorizing Condemnation of Fir Avenue be adopted
and the Mayor Pro Tem and City Clerk be authorized to sign the following resolution:

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING CONDEMNATION - FIR AVENUE

WHEREAS, the Master Plan of Streets and Highways of the City of Las Vegas prepared and
adopted by the City Planning Commission, and after proper hearings, approved by Board of Com-
missioners on July 20, 1955 designates Alta Drive as a Secondary Major Highway extending Westerly
from Rancho Road to the West City Limits of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the Major Street Plan currently being developed as a portion of the comprehensive
general Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas makes no major change in the alignment of Alta
Drive except that the route has deviated approximately 100 feet north of the section center line
in the Westerly half of Section 31; Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.& M., as shown by the
approval of the tentative map of Decatur Heights Subdivision; and

11-5-58