Mr. Bills was of the opinion that the City was very fortunate to get this firm
to do this work and do it immediately, and requested this contract be entered
into with the Western Real Estate Research Corporation and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same. He stated further that these funds are budgeted
out of the Federal Government Planning Advance Loan.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the Coordinator of Urban
Renewal, that the City enter into a contract with the Western Real Estate Research
Corporation of Los Angeles in the amount of $3,300.00, to prepare the necessary
land acquisition appraisals for the Madison School Urban Renewal Project, be
approved and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Commissioner Sharp stated he was voting "aye" because all local
resources had been exhausted as he was not in favor of approving contracts outside
of the City of Las Vegas.

URBAN RENEWAL	Director of Planning Franklin Bills, Coordinator of Urban Renewal, presented the

MADISON SCHOOL PROJECT       recommendation that the City enter into a contract with Candueb and Fleissig, Urban

Renewal Consultants of Newark, New Jersey, in the amount of $19,000.00 to make the
Candueb and Fleissig	necessary studies and prepare reports on general planning, land acquisition and

Contract	disposition, and family relocation needed to complete the final planning of the

Madison School Urban Renewal Project.

Approved

Mr. Bills stated that a number of reputable consultants had been contacted and out
of the several, two proposals had been received that would merit serious considera-
tion. These proposals were submitted by EBASCO Services, Inc., of New York, and
from the firm of Candueb and Fleissig, Newark, New Jersey, both of which are
nationally recognized and doing a lot of work in this field. These firms submitted
identical proposals of $19,000.00. Mr. Bills continued that this might sound like
a substantial figure; however, he advised the Board that they had included 
approximately $23,000.00 in their approved budget for the Federal Government Planning
Advance Loan for temporary staff for this work which would be used for this purpose.

Mr. Bills added that this matter had been discussed with the principals of both
firms as to how they would proceed with this contract and recommended in the best
interest of the City to enter into a contract with the firm of Candueb and Fleissig.
This firm would be ready to begin with this work immediately and we do have a 
deadline and must have this work completed by February 15, 1960, that must be considered
in view of the Capital Grant Reservation for this project by the Housing and Home
Finance Agency. Mr. Bills informed the Board that Mr. Candueb was present and would
be willing to answer ary questions in regard to this contract.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Coordinator of Urban Renewal
for permission to enter into a contract with Candueb and Fleissig, in the amount of
$19,000.00 to make the necessary studies and prepare reports on general planning,
land acquisition and disposition and family relocation needed to complete the final
planning of the Madison School Urban Renewal Project be approved and the Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and he requested Mr. Candueb to include a
time limit in this contract. Motion carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes,
none.

BID 59.05; PAVING GOLF            Director of Public Works, Richard Sauer, advised the Board all work had been 
COURSE RESERVOIR	completed by Wells Cargo, Inc., for the paving of the Golf Course Reservoir, Bid No.

Wells Cargo, Inc.	59.05, Contract #661H.43, and recommended this work be accepted and final payment

be made in the amount of $1,021.73, and the Travelers Indemnity Company Bond, in
Accepted and Bond	the amount of $9,868.00, be released. Mr. Sauer advised further the 35-day

Released	extension period had expired.

Commissioner Whipple moved the paving of the Golf Course Reservoir, Bid No. 59.05
be accepted and final payment in the amount of $1,021.73, be made to the Wells Cargo,
Inc., and the Travelers Indemnity Company Bond in the amount of $9,868.00 be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

BID 58.34; PAINTING	Commissioner Fountain moved the painting of the City Hall and Police Station, Bid

CITY HALL AND	No. 58.34, Contract #311H.11 be accepted as recommended by the Public Works 

POLICE STATION	Department and final payment in the amount of $445.50, be made to the Antonsen Painting

Antonsen Painting Company Company and the Great American Indemnity Company of New York Bond No. 674367, in

the amount of $4,455.00 be released.

Accepted and Bond

Released	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

HOUSING AUTHORITY	City Attorney Calvin Cory requested the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign

a 90-day extension to the 90-day option which the Housing Authority has with the
Extension of Option                   City on property designated as Parcel No. 1 generally located at 28th Street and
Approved	Charleston Boulevard.

Commissioner Fountain moved a 90-day extension to the 90-day option with the
Housing Authority on property designated as Parcel No. 1 generally located at 28th
Street and Charleston Boulevard be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

7-15-59