GRAVEL	City Manager Kennedy requested approval of a purchase requisition to Wells Cargo for

Purchase Approved	2833.5 cubic yards of type II gravel to be used improving existing streets and for additional

construction. He explained that the cost of this gravel is $1.15 under a contract the City
has, and is the best price available.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Purchase Requisition No. 3271 to Wells Cargo in the total
amount of $3,258.53 for 2833.5 cubic yards of type II gravel be approved and the purchase
order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, Bunker and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ROAD OIL	The City Manager asked for approval of a purchase requisition to American Bitumuls for 81

Purchase Approved	tons of SC-4 Liquid Asphalt Road Mix to be used on Alta and Campbell Drives.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Purchase Requisition No. 3273 to American Bitumuls and
Asphalt Company in the total amount of $2,592.00 be approved and the purchase order
authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, Bunker and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIBRARY BOOKS	City Manager Kennedy asked for approval of an agreement with McNaughton Libraries, Inc.

Agreement	for books at the Library. Mr. Kennedy explained that this company will furnish the Library

with 300 books, and will replace 30 each month at a cost of $105.00. He advised that this
Approved	would be cheaper than the present method, and recommended that the agreement be approved.

He further advised that this agreement was recommended for approval by the Library Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved the agreement with the McNaughton Libraries, Inc. be approved
as recommended by the Library Board and the City Manager, and the Mayor and Clark authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, Bunker and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

COMMENDATION	The City Manager presented a letter from Narcotics Division of the Treasury Department,

Detective B.J. Handlon        commending Lt. B. J. Handlon.

Commissioner Bunker moved an appropriate resolution commending Lt. B. J. Handlon for
services rendered not only on this occasion but in his other work be prepared, spread on
the Minutes of this Board, and made a part of his permanent record.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, Bunker and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING	Consideration was given to the Grant, Bargain and Sale Deed from the Fremont Hotel, Inc.,

DEED	transferring title to the City of Las Vegas of the six lots at the corner of 2nd and Mesquite.

Fremont Hotel, Inc.           Commissioner Bunker moved that the purchase of documentary stamps in the amount of $82.50

to be affixed to the Grant, Bargain and Sale Deed of the Fremont Hotel, Inc., be authorized
and the following resolution adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Harris
P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 17th day of September, 1958, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
10th day of September, 1958, executed by Fremont Hotel, Inc., a Nevada Corporation to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of public use; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, R. F. Boos, Acting City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy of the
Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of the
Board of Commissioners held on the 17th day of September, 1958.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed by official seal
this 18th day of September, 1958.

s/ R. B. Boos__________________________

Acting Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, Bunker and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Mr. Connie Hurley transferring whatever
DEED	interest he has in the six lots at the comer of 2nd and Mesquite.

Connie Hurley	On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unanimously

the following resolution adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Harris
P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 17th day of September, 1958, be the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 10th
day of September, 1958, executed by Connie Hurley to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

9-17-58