HAULING - Effluent Ditch   The City Manager asked for authorization to Pay Trigger Rentals $1,320.00 for hauling
Payment Authorized	material from the effluent ditch.

Commissioner Fountain moved that payment to Trigger Rentals in the amount of $1,320.00 be
authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, Bunker and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ROAD REPAIR	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that Lloyd Tritle who lives adjacent to the

Lloyd Tritle Property	Golf Course has asked that the City improve this road with slurry coat. Mr. Kennedy

Vegas Drive	stated that this is private property, but that the road has been washed out from the drainage

of water from the Golf Course, which has since been corrected. Mr. Kennedy advised the
Board that Mr. Tritle is willing to pay the cost of this improvement which is $400.00, if the
City will do the work.

Commissioner Fountain moved that authorization be granted to slurry coat the road by
Lloyd Tritle's home.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, Bunker and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GOLF BOARD	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Golf Board has recommended that Ray

Appointment	Embry be appointed to replace Elmer Gates on the Golf Board.

Ray Embry	Commissioner Fountain moved that Ray Embry be appointed as a member of the Golf Board, said

term to expire June, 1961.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NARCOTICS TRAINING	The City Manager reported that the Police Department has received an invitation to send two

Officers to Attend	of their officers to a two weeks training course in Washington, D. C. given by the Federal

Bureau of Narcotics. Mr. Kennedy stated that Chief Sheffer has recommended that Officers
Hirsch & Earp	Robert Hirsch and Walter Earp be sent. He advised that the total cost will be $743.60.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Officers Hirsch and Earp be sent to the Federal Bureau of
Narcotics training course in November at a total, cost of $743.60.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CENSUS 1960	City Manager Kennedy stated that a letter has been received from the Housing and Home

BLOCK STATISTICAL	Finance Agency in Washington, D. C. asking if the City would like a block statistical analysis

ANALYSIS	in the 1960 census.

Mr. Kennedy stated that this would mean that a survey would be made of the people in each
block, their occupations and number of children, etc. He advised the Commission that in
order to get such analysis the City will have to send a letter of request prior to September 30,
1958 and pay $2475.00 prior to January 1, 1960 which will be refunded if our population is
50,000 or more in the 1960 Census.

Commissioner Whipple moved that a letter requesting block statistics in the 1960 Census be
sent to the Director of the Bureau of Census.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

STUDY HALL	The City Manager advised that the Youth Advisory Council has recommended that the City pay a

Madison School	teacher approximately $25.00 to $30.00 per week to hold study hall	at the Madison School from

7:00 P.M. to 9:30 P.M.

Approved

Commissioner Bunker moved the City underwrite such a program not to exceed $30.00 per week.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PALM FUNERAL HOME	Mr. Fred Gillies appeared before the Commission to request that the City accept 30% of the

Money Due City	amount due from the Palm Funeral Home. He advised the Commission that all the other creditors

have indicated willingness to accept this amount, and requested that the City agree. No
No Action Taken	action was taken on this matter.

NELLIS AIR BASE	City Manager Kennedy reported that a request has been received for	the City to participate in

"Project William Tell"         the purchase of Air Force Gunnery Meet Banners for the forthcoming	"Project William Tell" to

be hold in October.

$300 Expenditure

Approved	The letter advised that due to a change in command, it would not be possible to receive

authorization for the necessary $900.00 expenditure in time for the meet. In view of the
importance of the project to the area, it was suggested that the City, County and Las Vegas
Chamber of Commerce each contribute $300.00

Commissioner Bunker moved that an expenditure of $300.00 be authorized to assist in the purchase
of banners for the Air Force Gunnery Meet.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIETY CLUB CHILD	City Manager Kennedy reported that a request has been received from the Variety Club asking

NURSERY	for space in Squires Park for the Construction of a non-profit nursery school.

Request for Land

Mr. Edward Young appeared before the Commission and stated that the Kelso Turner Nursery has
been given notice that they will have to vacate the premises, and in searching for a new
location it was felt that Squires Park would be the best since there is the Library, Recreation
Center, Swimming Pool and Park, as well as being close to schools. He stated that at the
present time Mrs. Magleby is caring for approximately 150 children, and provision must be made
for this care.

9-17-58