A short time thereafter it came to our attention that a child with contagious
mumps was at her nursery. I am simply pointing out to the Board what regulation
directs about keeping a contagious child off the premises.

MSGR. CARMODY:	Your Honor and Members of the Commission:	Going back to the 

question of the communicable disease, Mrs. Mormon agreed to remove any
child from her home that had such a disease and shortly after that the case of mumps
occurred, and feeling is that she was not being as cooperative as she could have
been at that time. The early part of last month on a visit to her home it was a
warm day and about noontime, and children were taking their naps. There was one
youngster in one room not being supervised; another in a hallway which I consider a
fire hazard. In one instance, the nurse asked to see records of the nursery and she
showed us only a portion and not all of the records. These are only instances which
occurred in the last month.



MR. GALANE:	The Child Welfare Ordinance reads as follows:	Any child showing 

symptoms of illness mast be isolated until parents call for him." Here Is
a copy of a memo from Mrs. Schnaer to Jean Dutton dated January 6, 1969, providing
isolation of any child with symptoms of illness. I submit this to the Board.

I have a question to ask Msgr. Carmody and that is whether it is true that on July
13, 1959, the children of owners of the Peter Pan Nursery were permitted to go to a
party with a child having the mumps based on the fact that they had had the illness?
Could they not still be carriers? I want to know which officials approved this and
then find out why Mrs. Mormon could not put a child in an isolation room.

MAYOR GRAGSON:	The decision of the Board is that this question is irrelevant to this

case.

MR. GALANE:	Mr. Pursel told the Commission it is policy of the Child Welfare Board

to remove a child with a contagious disease and I infer from this that
Connie Mormon should be put out of business because she isoHa ted a sick child. Is
it the policy of the Board to remove sick children or does it depend on whom it is?
This is a relevant question as to why she is being discriminated against.

MAYOR GRAGSON:	It is the opinion that this is irrelevant in this specific case. It

is not the Peter Pan license that is before us; it is Connie Mormon's.

JACK PURSEL:	I understand you do not want any response to this question and I would

like to present Mrs. Jean Boman, Member of the Child Welfare Board.

JEAN BOMAN:	Your Honor and Members of the Commission:	I have been on the Child

Welfare Board for a number of years and there are many things you can
put your finger on as you go in and out of homes. I observed many things in Mrs.
Mormon's nursery contrary to others; inadequate adult supervision in her nursery.

I refer to one visit when there was in excess of 20 children and only one housekeeper 
and Mrs. Mormon on duty and they were vacuuming the swimming pool. During
that time there was no supervision. There were two mothers assisting with the
children. Because of the fact this Board has had many complaints against the
nursery we have often observed it without going in. I have seen children playing
in the yard without adult supervision and when we have gone in, it has been inadequately 
supervised. We have also had complaints that the children were inadequately
fed. One time we asked what she served for lunch and was told soup, fruit, cookies,
and sandwiches. When we called at lunchtime, on two different occasions, we found
soup and a small glass of milk, period. This Board feels that is inadequate. At
another time lunch consisted of a cheese sandwich and a glass of milk.

We have had complaints from parents that their children were not treated properly
but were treated in a cross manner, punished by standing in a comer and in a very,
very cross attitude. This is not found in any other nursery we have visited. In
others, it is a happy affair but not so in Mrs. Mormon's nursery. There are many
things impossible to put into words but after experience you can spot instantly the
difference of atmosphere in the nursery.

In regard to contagious diseases, Mrs. Mormon stated:	"If I ever have another case

of any contagious disease I shall immediately remove the child." She tells us she
made an effort to remove the child with the mumps but we feel she did not try very
hard. She kept him almost in a manner of defiance of the rules.

MR. GALANE:	I have 35 signed statements by parents, whose children have been at the

Las Vegas Children's Nursery and if there was no love that is a matter
of opinion. Mrs. Boman might not want to put her children in this nursery -- others
feel there is love in this nursery. This represents a $27,000.00 investment and to
say there is insufficient love does not seem feasible.

JACK PURSEL:	I would like to call on Mrs. Doris Evans.

DORIS EVANS: I am practically new on this Board and it has been work, but it has
been enjoyable. The chief interest is that the children be treated
as near like their mothers would treat them and I am glad to help. I do not believe
that Mrs. .Mormon gave proper supervision. In one instance a child disappeared and
was later found in Hyde Park some distance away. Once when I visited the nursery
with Mrs. Boman I was watching out the window and I noticed one boy throw a baseball
over the fence and he went out of the gate, leaving it open, to get the ball and
brought it back. Mrs. Mormon did not know this even occurred.

MR. GALANE:	I have one question or comment. Here are certified copies of all

minutes of the Child Welfare Board since March 31, 1959. Mrs. Mormon
was in business six years before she moved into this location and had only one
appearance before the Child Welfare Board to get protection for all nurseries on
payment of bills.

JACK .PURSEL:	I think that is all we care to have said by members of the Child

Welfare Board except that I would like to say that I had no intention
of misleading the Commission in any way in stating what the law was. They are quite

7-22-59