FLOOD CONTROL PLAN	His Honor Mayor Gragson stated, the City of Las Vegas was well aware of the need.

for adequate flood control and was willing and ready to participate with the
Discussion	County and other agencies to bring this about; however, the City could not do

it on their own. He added the City had been instrumental in getting a Flood
Control Board appointed by the County, with the former Mayor, C. D. Baker, as
Chairman, and this Board was now working on the over-all plan. His Honor
introduced Richard P. Sauer, Director of Public Works, in regard to an alternate
plan the City had in regard to flood control.

Mr. Sauer stated that as a temporary expedient, until such time as the Flood
Control Board decided on an over-all plan, it was proposed to strengthen the
present berm from Charleston to San Francisco, allowing a small outlet at
Charleston, detaining part of the water in the gravel pit and the overflow to be
channeled down San Francisco. He continued it was further proposed to present
this over-all plan, as outlined above, to the Flood Control Board immediately
upon the return of C. D. Baker, Chairman of the Flood Control Committee, about
November 12, 1959.

Mr. Sauer told those people interested that he would be very happy to go over
this proposal with them after this meeting, or at their convenience. One lady
present requested compensation for property damage caused by four breaks in
the dyke, and City Attorney Cory advised a claim should be filed on forms which
could be obtained from the City Clerk; however, he pointed out this damage
occurred in the County. Those present contended the damage occurred due to the
inadequacy of the City ditch.

Mayor Gragson asked if any of them proposed the dyke be done away with 
completely, and they were of the opinion it would be better to have it done
away with unless this proposal could be worked out, inasmuch as the flooding
had been worse since it had been put in. Mr. E. D. Oetter asked if their
group could have a representative at the meeting of the Flood Control Committee
and was told they could and that they would be informed as to when such meeting
would be held.

SERVICE LEAGUE &	Director of Public Works Sauer presented the drawing prepared by the Engineering

ART LEAGUE	Department, designating certain areas at Lions Club Park for development by the

Service League and the Art League, said drawing being a revision of proposals
Proposed Developments; 	by these agencies and which met their approval.

Lions Club

Park	Commissioner Sharp moved this drawing be approved and City Attorney instructed to

prepare appropriate resolutions, putting the City on record for these uses,
Approved	subject to the prior right of the public to use the property; said resolutions

Resolution to be	to be presented to the Board of City Commissioners for adoption at their next

Prepared	regular meeting, to be held November 18, 1959.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

SEWAGE SYSTEM	Director of Public Works Sauer presented the request of Mr. M. A. Schneider,

HOOKUP RATES;	owner of the shopping center at corner of Arville and Charleston, which was in

REFUNDS	the County and not presently hooked up to City Sewer, wherein he would like to

have the Board of City Commissioners consider a refund for the difference in the
Held In Abeyance	rates charged within the City and outside the City, if and when this property

should become annexed to the City. Mr. Sauer stated the City Attorney and
Director of Finance recommended if such an agreement was approved by the City
Commission, that a time limit of two years be set for such a refund.

Commissioner Sharp doubted the feasibility of such a request, inasmuch as the
City had granted the privilege to connect into the City Sewer in the first
place. City Attorney Cory stated it would be a matter of policy on the part of
the Commission. He added that subdividers in like situations constructed the
sewers and then donated them to the City.

City Manager Kennedy stated there were other property owners involved in
similar instances where the City had granted them the right to connect into the
City Sewer and was of the opinion this matter should be given further study.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

EFFLUENT WATER	Director of Public Works Sauer reported the situation regarding the effluent

Sale of	waters had been discussed with the Engineering Consultant, Mr. John A. Carollo

and the City Attorney; however, repeated calls to the Soil Conservation Service
Policy Adopted	had been without results. Mr. Sauer continued that, as a result of these

discussions, it was recommended the effluent waters be sold to private consumers
 for the purpose of crop irrigation, to be predicated on the following
stipulations:

1.	The water be sold to those users only in the amount required for the land
that they own.

2.	Any structures constructed by the users on City-owned land, or right-of-
way, for pumping or diverting these waters, be subject to the approval of
the City.

3.	That the water be sold on a contract for 5 years and the City to have the

right to cancel at any time; however, at the end of five years, any change

of price for the water shall be based on similar prices to those in effect

in other cities selling effluent waters.	Furthermore, at the end of five

years that the advisability of extending the lease period to be investigated
 and that any agreement shall be approved by the Public Service Commission.

11-4-59