USE PERMIT U-29-59	Planning Director Bills presented the application of Louis Miranti for a use

permit to construct a water tank at the southwest corner of Washington Avenue
Louis Miranti	and Minnesota Street, legally described as Lots 1 and 2, Block 1, Las Vegas

Square, in an R-1 zone. Mr. Bills stated this proposed water tank was a part
Approved	of the water system for Brentwood and Golfridge Terrace; which was originally

proposed to be located in Golfridge, and, engineering-wise, either location
would serve. The proposed location was adjacent to a future fire station site.

Commissioner Sharp asked if there would be sufficient water to service other
areas and asked Mr. Miranti, if the need arose, if he would do so, and Mr.

Miranti stated he would if he had the water available.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Louis Miranti for a use permit
to construct a water tank at the southwest corner of Washington Avenue and
Minnesota Street be approved; as recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment;
subject to the following conditions:

1.	Conformance -to the plot plan as submitted.

2.	Signing of an improvement agreement and putting up a bond sufficient in amount
to cover the cost of the offsite improvements; as recommended by the Engineering

Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT U-30-59	Planning Director Bills presented the application of Twin Lakes Shopping Center,

Twin Lakes Shopping	Inc., for a use permit to construct a filling station at 720 Tonopah Highway,

Center	legally described as a portion of the NW¼, SE¼, Section 29, T20S, R61E, generally

located on the east side of Tonopah Highway between Bonanza Road and Washington
Approved	Avenue in a C-1 zone.

Mr. Bills stated that because of this location and the proximity to this intersection, 
this application was referred to the Traffic and Parking Commission
and recommendation was deferred by that Board; pending investigation by the
Traffic and Parking Engineer; to determine if the filling station curb cuts
would be in accord with the proposed island designed for this location; subsequently,
 this engineer had given his opinion there would be no conflict with
this right-of-way nor with the public safety and convenience.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Twin Lakes Shopping Center; Inc.,
for a use permit to construct a filling station at 720 Tonopah Highway, be
approved as recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to
confirmation by the Traffic and Parking Commission of the Traffic Engineer's
recommendation and subject to the following conditions:

1.	Conformance to the plot plan as submitted.

2.	Signing of an improvement agreement and filing of a bond sufficient in
amount to cover the cost of offsite improvements; as recommended by the

Engineering Department.

3.	Conformance with the requirements of the Fire Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
Commissioner Fountain asked if the Traffic and Parking Commission would be
making the final decision on this application and Mr. Bills replied they would
merely take action at their next meeting to confirm the findings of the Traffic
Engineer. Commissioner Fountain voted no. His Honor Mayor Gragson commended
the Planning Department on the fine drawing of this proposed development, which
enabled them to see the exact situation.

USE PERMIT U-16-59	The Commission again considered the application of Wilbur Clank for a use permit

to construct a gasoline filling station at 1550 Tonopah Highway, generally located
Wilbur Clark	at the southeast corner of Vegas Drive and Tonopah Highway (U. S. Highway 95),

legally described as Lot 1, and a portion of Lots 19 and 20, Block 21, Twin Lakes
Held in Abeyance	Village Unit #5; in a C-1 zone.

Planning Director Bills advised that the rezoning of this property to C-1 was
approved on the basis that this parcel could not be properly used for a singlefamily 
home and at that time it was understood an application for a use permit to
allow the filling station would have to be approved by the Board of Zoning Adjustment 
and the City Commission. Such an application was subsequently submitted
to the Board of Zoning Adjustment, property owners were notified, public hearing
held, and there was on file the protests to this application.

Mr. Bills stated further that the Board of Zoning Adjustment could not arrive at
a decision and the application was referred to this Board of City Commissioners
on November 4, 1959 without recommendation. At that time this Board referred the
application to the Planning Commission and a sub-committee was appointed to study
this matter. As a result, the Planning Commission recommended this application be
denied. Mr. Bills advised there were some people present who wished to be heard
on this matter.

Robert Smith, 3037 Vegas Drive, stated his home was directly alongside of this
property and he had lived there four years. He added a filling station was not
needed at this location, and was of the opinion this property could be put to a
better use for the community; therefore, he was opposed to this application 100%.

He added the applicant had said he would erect a 6' concrete wall between his home
and the station; however, he felt that would be like living in a prison.

Max N. Harden, 1305 Arrowhead Avenue, spoke in protest, stating that at the time
this rezoning came up before the Planning Commission it was stated by the real
estate gentleman present that the reason for the zoning change was so they could
construct a gas station, and at that time the Planning Commission unanimously
turned it down and so did the City Commission. He continued that the second time

12-2-59