Las Vegas, Nevada
March 28, 1958

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 28th day of March, 1958 was called to order at the hour of 7:00
P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Atty	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

USE PERMIT - U-6-58	Mayor Baker announced that this was the time set for the continuation of the hearing 

Plunkett & Barrick	on the application of Dan H. Plunkett and Edward J. Barrick for a use permit

to construct and maintain a building to house the administrative offices and
laboratories for the Atomic Energy Commission on a six acre plot generally located
at the southwest corner of Oakey Boulevard and Western Avenue.

The Mayor asked Mr. Otis Wright of the State Highway Department to present the
map showing the proposed location of the freeway. Mr. Wright presented the map
and held discussion with the protestants who were present. Mr. Wright stated
that this Use Permit would in no way affect the location of the freeway.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Dan H. Plunkett and Edward J. Barrick
for a Use Permit be approved, and the westline of the Use Permit be the east
line of the freeway, and before the building is staked out that the applicant receive 
approval, of the State Highway Department that it does not fall within the
right-of-way of the freeway; further, that this use permit be approved subject to
the following conditions:

1) If the applicants are not the successful bidders for the construction
of the A.E.C. building, that the land revert back to its original use,

2) That this construction must commence within six months,

and that the following resolution be adopted:

IT IS HEREBY RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
at a recessed regular meeting held on the 28th day of March, 1958, that the application 
of Dan H. Plunkett and Edward J. Barrick for a use permit to construct and
maintain a building to house the administrative offices and laboratories for the
Atomic Energy Commission on a six acre plot generally located at the southwest
corner of Oakey Boulevard and Western Avenue, be and the same hereby is approved
subject to the following conditions:

1.	If the applicants are not the successful bidders for the construction
of the Atomic Energy Commission building, the land shall revert back
to its original use.

2.	That this construction must commence within six months.

3.	That the west line of the area covered by this Use Permit shall be the
east line of the freeway.

4.	That before the applicants stake out the building they shall receive 
approval from the State Highway Department that the building does not fall
within the right-of-way of the freeway.

5. That the applicants enter into an agreement for the installation of offsite
 improvements, and post a bond to cover these improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the protestants of this use permit presented a petition appealing the
granting of this use permit.

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 7:45 P.M.
Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

3-28-58