Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and that the property
abutting East Charleston Boulevard between 15th and Fremont Streets, presently
zoned R-4 be rezoned to C-1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WESTCHESTER SUBDIVISION     The Commission considered the tentative map of the Westchester Subdivision, 
Tentative Map	composed of forty acres generally located south of Charleston Boulevard and west of

Decatur Boulevard.

The Assistant Director of Planning advised the Commission that the Planning 
Commission approved this map provided that the right-of-way on the east side of
the subdivision be 60 feet in width. Mr. L.E. Tyson, engineer for the subdivider, 
indicated that this amendment to the tentative map was agreeable to the subdivider.

Commissioner Fountain moved the tentative map of Westchester Subdivision as 
presented be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT - U-9-58	The appeal by Paris Stewart of the denial of his application for a use permit to

Paris U. Stewart	authorize the conduct of a dressmaking business as a home occupation by his

tenant Margie Redfeam at 509 North 8th Street, was considered.

Appeal of Denial

Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on this appeal be held on June 4,
1958 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Fountain moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 21946 through 22473 in the

net amount of $74,848.36 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 1440 through

WARRANTS	1616 in the total amount of $84,470.98 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of May 7, 1958 be approved by reference

and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioners
Fountain and Sharp passed their vote.

CLAIM FOR DAMAGE	Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Anne C. Greene for damage to her automobile 

Anne C. Greene	in the amount of $820.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 8:30 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 8:50
P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

HUNTRIDGE FIRE STATION        Dr. Sutherland was advised that the City Commission is Agreeable to the considering 
Proposed Lease -	of his proposal for the lease-purchase of the Huntridge Fire Station property.

Purchase	However, the City will have to make application for a use permit to permit the

construction and operation of a hospital; and the proposed agreement will have to
be checked by the City Attorney prior to taking any final action on this proposal.

FIRE DEPARTMENT	Mayor Baker announced that a meeting between the City Manager and Fire Chief will

Meeting to be	be held sometime next week, and the Firemen will be notified so they can have

Scheduled	representatives in attendance.

GENERAL FUND BALANCE          The City Manager reported that the General Fund Balance after Service and Material

Warrants and Payroll Warrants is $794,577.55. He stated that the gross payroll
is $99,640.82; the amount paid from Capital is $1,133.91; and $3,613.81 is out
of the Bond Fund.

MUNICIPAL BALL PARK                Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that a letter has been received from H.B.

Trent, Superintendent of Recreation, recommending that the new lighted ball 
Dedication and Name	diamond be named "Municipal Baseball Park". He also stated that the dedication and

opening ceremonies will be held Friday, May 23, 1958 at 7:45 P.M., and the Mayor
and Commissioners are invited to attend. Mr. Kennedy reminded the Commission
that May 23rd is also the date of the Nevada Municipal Association meeting in
Fallon, so some of the members will be unable to attend this dedication.

The Commission deferred action on the recommendation in order to have time to
consider an appropriate name for the ball diamond.

STAFF MEMBERS -	City Manager Kennedy reported that Bruce Trent, Superintendent of Recreation has

Appointments	been appointed Executive Chairman of the Southern Nevada Community Armed Forces

Council; and that Robert Heath, Personnel Director, is a member of the United
Nations Committee for the State of Nevada.

HOUSING AUTHORITY	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the term of Carl Reed, member

Reappointment of	of the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas will expire on June 6, 1958.

Member

Commissioner Fountain moved that Carl Reed be reappointed as a member of the
Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas for a period of four years, said
term to expire June 6, 1962.

5-21-58