Commissioner Bunker moved this application be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAVING PROGRAM -	City Manager Kennedy requested permission to purchase $3200.00 worth of road oil,

Purchase of Oil and	$2,000.00 worth of slurry oil and sand in the amount of $6,775 to be used in connection 

Sand ,	with paving projects and the slurry programs.

Commissioner Fountain moved that authorization be given to purchase road oil in
the amount of $3,200.00, slurry oil in the amount of $2,000.00 and sand in the
amount of $6775.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CATERPILLAR -	The City Manager requested permission to purchase an Oliver Caterpillar to be

Purchase Approved	used at the Rehabilitation Farm end by the Street Department, from the First

	National Bank. Mr. Kennedy stated the cost of this equipment would be $5,000.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Manager be authorized to purchase the Oliver
Caterpillar from the First National Bank at a cost of $5,000.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Not voting:
Commissioner Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, at the hour of 10:15
P.M. Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

April 23, 1958

TO:	Shirley Lodwick, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada is hereby called to be held in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, on
the 23rd day of April, 1958, at the hour of 7:30 P.M. to consider the following
matters:

1.	Public Hearing - Vacation of a portion of North 6th at the intersection
of Ogden Avenue.

2.	Rancho Vista Subdivision - tentative map.

3.	Option of the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas to purchase 8
acres of property owned by the City between Washington and extension of
McWilliams.

4.	Request of Clark County School District to purchase 10 acres of land at
the intersection of Stewart and 28th Streets.



s/ C.D. BAKER_______________

Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C.D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E.W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED

WHIPPLE, Commissioners and A.H. KENNEDY, City Manager, R.F. BOOS, Administrative 
Assistant, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day
issued by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, 5th
and Stewart, on the 23rd day of April, 1958, at the hour of 7:30 P.M. to consider
the following matters:

1.	Public Hearing - Vacation of a portion of North 6th at the intersection
of Ogden Avenue.

2.	Rancho Vista Subdivision - tentative map.

3.	Option of the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas to purchase 8
acres of property owned by the City between Washington and extension of
McWilliams.

4.	Request of Clark County School District to purchase 10 acres of land at
the intersection of Stewart and 28th Streets.

4-16-58	s/ SHIRLEY LODWICK

4-23-58-Call	City Clerk