USE PERMIT (U-1-59)	The Commission considered the application of the Homesite Baptist Church for a

Homesite Baptist Church                  use permit to construct an off-street parking lot facility adjacent to an existing

church at property located on the southwest corner of Mesquite and 25th Streets,

Abeyance	legally described as Lots 21, 22, 23 and 24, Block 2, Boulder Dam Homesite #4, in an

R-1 zone.

Approval was recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the following
conditions:	(There was one protest by an adjacent owner.)

1.	Signing of an offsite improvement agreement and filing of a bond to cover the cost
of offsite improvements recommended by the Engineering Department: to-wit, alley
paving from the existing pavement on 25th Street to the west right-of-way line.

2.	Dedication of 20' along the east side of the property on 25th Street as required
by the Master Plan of Streets and Highways.

3.	Conformance to the plot plan.

4.	That the parking lot be surfaced with gravel or asphaltic concrete.

The applicants do not agree to signing the improvement agreement, posting of the bond
or dedication of 20' on 25th Street. They had expressed the desire to discuss this
with the Mayor and Board of City Commissioners.

Planning Director Bills stated that there is a serious parking problem during church
services and explained further that the church was erected before the requirements were
set for offsite parking. He said that the improvement agreement asked for the 
improvement of the alley and the surfacing of the parking lot with asphalt concrete and 
required the posting of a bond in the amount of $226.38; however, since then there has
been some agreement with the Engineering Department not to insist on the bond.

Director of Public Works Sauer stated that the foregoing is correct, but he also
understood that the church people do not desire to surface the parking lot at this
time and that under ordinance parking lots are required to be surfaced. He added
that if the Board saw fit to waive this requirement then it would not be necessary to
surface the alley either.

The Reverend Joseph Melnikoff spoke from the floor stating that he talked with Mr.

Uehling, Principal Civil Engineer, and he assured him they would maintain their portion
of the alley where the cars come in and out and that they are having a contractor come
in and fill this lot in and roll it. He (Mr. Uehling) stated that an oral agreement
would be satisfactory to them.

Mr. Sauer stated that there might have been a slight misunderstanding. He added that
if the parking lot is paved, then the alley would have to be paved as it would be used
as an exit and entrance to the parking lot. Commissioner Sharp asked about the 
dedication of the 20' along the east side of the property on 25th Street. Rev. Melnikoff
replied that they had brought their plot plans into Mr. Bills in the Planning Department
and that it would hinder their building program if this land were taken away from them.

He went on to explain that their land is owned by the Nevada-Sierra Baptist Convention
and they would have to meet on this to see if they would sign away this land or give
them the authority to do so.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated that it would be better to consider this now as 25th
Street will be a busy thoroughfare. The Reverend asked what they would received if
they did deed the 20' to the City for Street purposes and the Mayor Pro Tem replied
that they would receive nothing but that they would benefit by the widening of the
street improvements.

Mr. Sauer asked if the plot plan had been turned into the Building Department and
the Reverend stated that it had been turned into Mr. Saylor at the Planning Commission
Meeting and that they plan to use a gravel surface for the parking lot and would put
down an asphalt surface later on. He stated that he thought they would be granted
a temporary parking lot permit.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple suggested this matter be held in abeyance and that Reverend
Melnikoff bring some of the church trustees to meet with the board in the Mayor's Office
at 7:00 P.M. on March 11, 1959.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this application for a use permit to construct an 
off-street parking lot facility adjacent to an existing church as property located on the
southwest corner of Mesquite and 25th Streets, be held in abeyance and requested
Reverend Melnikoff bring some of the church trustees to meet with the Board in the
Mayor's Office at 7:00 P.M. on March 11, 1959.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

USE PERMIT (U-2-59)	The Commission considered the application of W. H. Higgenbotham for	a use permit	to

International Church	allow the International Church of the Four-Square Gospel to conduct	a commercial

of 4-Square Gospel	nursery on property located at 318 South 11th Street, between Lewis	and Bridger,

legally described as Lots 23, 24, 25 and 26, Block 11, Pioneer Heights, in an R-4 zone.

Application Withdrawn

Denial was recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment. There were two letters of
protest; four protests in person; and a petition of owners and tenants in protest.

Planning Director Bills explained further that there was an over-whelming neighborhood
protest consisting of some 71 names and representing possibly 35 homes as some of the
names were husbands and wives.

Reverend Higgenbotham spoke from the floor stating that in view of the many protests
against their request that before they withdrew their application, he would like to
point out to the City Commission that the Four-Square Church was located there many
years before the apartment houses were built and they felt two or three had legitimate
reason to protest; however, they felt the owners who built next to the church should
have expected the church to grow. He stated that they would like to withdraw their
application for a nursery for 24 children and reduce it to 9.

3-4-59