Notion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

PURCHASE REQUISITION	Commissioner Fountain moved purchase requisition to cover 250 tons of slurry oil, in

Emulsified Asphalt	the amount of $8,575.00, as requested by the Public Works Department, be approved;

for Slurry	purchase to be made from the American Bitumuls and Asphalt Company now supplying oil

under Bid No. 59.11.

Motion seconded ty Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

AMBULANCE SERVICE	City Manager Kennedy presented a request for approval of 60 days notice of termination 

CONTRACT	on the ambulance contract the City has with the Mercy Ambulance Company as

advised by the City Attorney. This contract was discussed at the City Commission
Abeyance	Meeting on July 15, 1959, and referred to the City Manager and City Attorney for

recommendation. This action was initiated at the request of Mr. Curtis of the Las
Vegas Ambulance Service for participation in this contract.

Mr. George Dickerson, Attorney, spoke for the Mercy Ambulance Company, stating that
usually dissatisfaction with performance under a contract preceded a request for
termination and inasmuch as adequate service had been provided by the Mercy
Ambulance Company he could see no reason for such action.

Chief Sheffer stated the Police Department had operated very closely with the present
ambulance company and he could recall no difficulty or any problems, and found the
services satisfactory.

Mr. William Curtis of the Las Vegas Emergency Ambulance Service stated he had been
investigated and he could get recommendation from the County as they were presently
under contract with them. He believed his company was entitled to a share of the
City's business.

Commissioner Fountain asked Mr. Curtis if he had at one time operated inside the
City without insurance and had been called into the License Department. He
replied at that particular time the insurance had been cancelled without his
knowledge and that he presently had insurance as well as new and adequate equipment. 
Commissioner Fountain asked what was the average age of his drivers, and
Mr. Curtis advised they were all over 25 years of age. Commissioner Fountain stated
he would be in favor of an investigation.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be held in abeyance and an investigation be
made regarding the Las Vegas Emergency Ambulance Service with report to be made back
to the Board of City Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

TREASURER'S IMPREST FUND       City Manager Kennedy presented a request from Harold Laird, Director of Finance, for

an increase of $1,025.00 in the City Treasurer's Imprest Funds Account. This would
Increase Approved	bring the balance up to $4,000.00, which is deemed necessary to cover the disbursements 

of this fund which covers advances to terminating and vacationing employees,
advances to employees pending receipt of NIC checks, travel expenses, police investigation 
funds and change funds in cashiering departments.

Commissioner Fountain moved an increase of $1,025.00 in the City Treasurer's Imprest
Funds Account be approved and the Director of Finance and City Treasurer be authorized
to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

ELDORADO VALLEY	Commissioner Sharp moved Commissioner Fountain be authorized to attend the Eldorado

COMMITTEE MEETING	Valley Committee Meeting in Carson City, and the Director of Finance and City

Treasurer be authorized to issue the warrant to cover this expense.

Commissioner Fountain

to Attend	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none. 
Approved	Commissioner Fountain passed his vote. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

SAN FRANCISCO AVENUE           City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the County did not agree to the
IMPROVEMENT	proposed agreement between the County and the City in regard to the improvement of

San Francisco Avenue from Maryland Parkway to the Paradise Valley, which was approved
Report	by the City Commission on July 15, 1959, subject to the County's participation.

Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners, Harley Hannon, had advised that the
State was going to improve this street in the next three or four months.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE           Additional time was requested for the proposed Building Code Ordinance Amendment
Building Code	which was introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the Board of City

Commissioners held February 18, 1959, and referred to Commissioners Fountain and
Continued	Sharp, committee for recommendation.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Additional time was requested for the proposed Insurance Agents License Fees 

Insurance Agents	Ordinance Amendment which was introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of

License Fees	the Board of City Commissioners held April 15, 1959, and referred to Commissioners

Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation.

Continued

PROPOSED ORDINANCE         Additional time was requested for the proposed Child Welfare Ordinance which was
Child Welfare Ordinance               introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners

held July 1, 1959, and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for
Continued	recommendation.

8-5-59