356

ONE-HOUR PARKING	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission for

Bridger & 6th St.	the approval of a one-hour parking zone on both sides of Bridger from the alley between

5th and 6th Streets east to 6th Street. This request was received from Albert Davis Co.

Approved	for a one-hour parking zone in front of their new office building at 507 E. Bridger.

Director of Planning Bills stated that the original application also requested a one-hour
zone continuing around on the 6th Street side of the Building; however, this was denied by
the Traffic and Parking Commission due to objections of property owners in that area.

Commissioner Whipple asked if all property owners concerned had been contacted and if they
were all in favor of this recommendation and Mr. Bills stated that they had been contacted
and were all in favor.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission
for a one-hour parking zone on both sides of Bridger from the alley between 5th and 6th
Streets east to 6th Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners'

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BUS STOPS	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission for the

North 5th and Bonanza	approval of the following ten bus stops:

Approved	North 5th Street

1. East curb line - 125' to 175' north of Bonanza Road

2. East curb line - 50' south of Northgate into Cashman Field

3-	East	curb	line	-	50'	at	light pole H-175

4.	East	curb	line	-	20'	to	70' north of Foremaster Lane

5.	East	curb	line	-	20'	to	70' south of Owens Avenue

6.	West	curb	line	-	20'	to	70' north of Foremaster Lane

7.	West	curb	line	-	50'	to	light pole H-176

8.	West	curb	line	-	20'	to	70' north of Bonanza Road

Bonanza Road

9.	North curb line - 40'	to	90'	west of	Biltmore Drive

10.	North curb line - 20'	to	70'	east of	North Main

These bus stops were recommended by the Traffic Engineer and meet the approval of the Bus
Company.

Commissioner Whipple asked if these bus stops were changes or new ones and Mr. Bills stated
that they were new.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission for
the foregoing new bus stops be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GRANT, BARGAIN & SALE	The Commission considered the adoption of Resolution of Acceptance for the Grant, Bargain

DEED	and	Sale Deed to the City	of	Las	Vegas from Victor and Matilda	Brunetti	for a	parcel	of

Victor & Matilda Brunetti land             84' x 230', portions	to	be used for	right-of-way of	Washington	 Avenue (40')	and	

Highland Drive (40'), and authorization for the purchase of Internal Revenue Stamps in the
Resolution of Acceptance                   amount of $2.20.

Adopted

At the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held February 4, 1959, the 
purchase of this property was approved in the amount of $1700.00 and the Director of Finance
and City Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the following Resolution of Acceptance be adopted and order
made and that the Director of Finance and City Treasurer be authorized to issue the warrant
in the amount of $2.20 for the purchase of Internal Revenue Stamps:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF GRANT, BARGAIN & SALE DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Harris P.

Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 1st day of April, 1959, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 16th day
of March, 1959, executed by Victor Brunetti and Matilda Brunetti, husband and wife to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, R. F. Boos, Acting City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy of the Resolution
accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners
held on the 1st day of April, 1959.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal this
2nd day of April, 1959.

/s/ R. F. BOOS________________________

Acting Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

4-1-59