

Commissioner Sharp moved the petition for the vacation of a portion of Charleston
Boulevard be held in abeyance until December 4; 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Fountain.

SAN FRANCISCO AVENUE	Mr. Bills presented the recommendation from the Traffic and Parking Commission that

Speed Limit	the legal speed limit on San Francisco Avenue be raised from 25 mph to 35 mph.

Mr. Bills stated that the south half of this street, which lies in the County presently has a 35 mph speed limit, 

and it was felt that it should be uniform.

Commissioner Whipple moved this recommendation be accepted and the City Attorney

instructed to prepare an ordinance to accomplish the increase of speed limit on	,

San Francisco Avenue.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Fountain.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	At this time the Engineering Department advised the Commission that the construction

No. 100-36	of the alley approaches in Assessment District No. 100-36 has been completed and

Final Payment & Bond	recommended that final payment of $11, 374.99 to V.C. Mendenhall be authorized and	.

Release	the bond released.

Commissioner Whipple moved this recommendation be accepted and final payment of
$11,374.99 to V.C. Mendenhall be authorized and the release of the bond on 

Assessment District No. 100-36 approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Fountain.

BONANZA TERRACE	Field Engineer Hansen presented the final map of Bonanza Terrace and advised the

Final Map	Commission that the bond and agreement have been approved by the City Attorney. Mr.

Hansen stated that all off-site improvement designs have been checked and are 

acceptable, and recommended this map be approved, allowing 60 days to commence and
one year to complete.

Commissioner Bunker moved the final map of Bonanza Terrace be approved as recom-
mended by the Engineering Department, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Fountain.

RESOLUTIONS ACCEPTING Consideration was given to the deed from B.M. Jones for "N" Street, which is an	I

DEEDS	access to Bonanza Terrace.

"N" Street	I

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and unani-
mously carried, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Harris
P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20 day of November, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 11 day of June, 1957; executed by Burley M. Jones to the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be
and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

"A" Street	The Commission considered the deed from the Union Pacific Railroad Company for a

45 foot right-of-way for "A" Street from Charleston Boulevard to Main Street.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20 day of November, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement
dated the 5 day of December, 1956, executed by Union Pacific Railroad Company, a
corporation of the State of Utah to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
easement, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

11-20-57