8

FIRE PROTECTION	Discussion was held on the request of the Clark County Fair and Recreation Board to

Fair & Recration	enter into a standby Fire protection agreement with the City and County. 

Board	Commissioners Bunker and Whipple were requested to work out a proposed 

agreement with the City Attorney and Fire Chief.

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 10:15 P.M.
Commissioner Whipple moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 

Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 4, 1957

At the hour of 7:20 P.M., December 4, 1957; the following members of the Board of 

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada met in the Mayor's Office:

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Mr. William Carter, Business Agent for the Teamsters Union was present.

Commissioner Fountain reported that he had recently met with Mr. Cartel Max Goot,

Harry Wallerstein and Silvio Fedele had told him that Max Chason had stated that
in order to renew the Garbage Contract with the City he was required to pay the 

	Commission $18,000. Commissioner Fountain stated that he had contacted Mr. Chason the

next morning about this statement and Mr. Chason had denied it.

Commissioner Bunker stated that he and Mr. Fedele had also been to see Mr. Chason
concerning this statement, and Mr. Chason had denied making it.

Mr. Carter advised the Commission that contrary to rumors that had been circulated, he
was not in the garbage business.

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 4th day of December, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:45 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Works Engineer	V.B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent: Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Mildred Taub Kishner for 40 feet
R/W DEEDS	of right-of-way for Bonanza Road, west of Noble Lane.

Bonanza Road	On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried

/	unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner E.W.

Fountain, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4 day of December, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated, the 15
day of November, 1957; executed by Mildred Taub Kishner to the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and
is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Bonanza Road	The Commission considered a quitclaim deed from Joseph M. George Jr. for 40 feet of

	right-of-way for Bonanza Road, east of Noble Lane.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

11-20-57	12-4-57