or ordinances could be studied and amended.

Commissioner Fountain stated that he would be in favor of this as long as it would
not affect any present licensees. Jean Dutton, Supervisor of License and Revenue,
stated that to his knowledge there were no applications of this type presently in
process.

Commissioner Whipple moved as a policy of the Board the License Department and City
Manager be instructed not to submit to the Commission any applications for used 
furniture and appliances licenses or for firearms permits until the ordinance can be
studied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain with the stipulation that this is not to
affect anyone licensed at this time, and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING (Z-16-59)                 The Commission considered the application of the Home Investment Company of Long
Home Investment Company	Beach for the reclassification of a portion of the east one-half of Section 26,

of Long Beach	T 20 S, R 61 E, generally described as a strip of land approximately 350' wide

along the west side of 25th Street between Harris and Searles, from R-3 to R-1.

Approved

Director of Planning, Franklin Bills, advised the Commission Mr. R. D. Whaley
wishes to develop the portion of Greater Las Vegas Tract No. 3 as single family
homes. There were no protests and the Planning Commission recommended approval.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the Home Investment Company of Long
Beach for the reclassification of a portion of the east one-half of Section 26,

T 20 S, R 61 E, generally described as a strip of land approximately 350' wide
along the west side of 25th Street between Harris and Searles, from R-3 to R-1
be approved and the City Attorney instructed to prepare the necessary ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

REZONING (Z-17-59)	The Commission considered the application of D. H. Brockley and James Fellers for

D. H. Brockley and	reclassification of Lot 1 and Lot 46, Block 1, Paradise Village #2, generally

James Fellers	located on San Francisco between Santa Clara and Santa Paula, from R-1 to R-2.

Denied	Planning Director Bills stated this area presently had zonings of R-1, R-2, R-3,

R-4). and Commercial very close together and the Planning Commission recommended
denial at this time with the further recommendation that this rezoning application
be reconsidered after the completion of the Master Plan. There was one protest
received by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of D. H. Brockley and James Fellers for
reclassification of Lot 1 and Lot 46, Block 1, Paradise Village #2, generally located
on San Francisco between Santa Clara and Santa Paula, from R-1 to R-2 be denied as
recommended by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

REZONING (Z-17-59)	The Commission considered the application of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Reno for

Roman Catholic Bishop	the reclassification of a portion of the NW¼, SE¼, Section 28, T 20 S, R 61 E,

of Reno	generally located between McWilliams and Washington, approximately 193' east of

Highland Drive from RE to R-1 and R-2.

Denied

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that numerous people appeared at the
Planning Commission Public Hearing held July 9, 1959, and a petition had been submitted 
which, after being analyzed by the Planning Department, indicated that 243
property owners protested, 42 of which owned property in Bonanza Village, 62 south
of Washington Avenue, 118 in Twin Lakes Village which is one-half mile distant, and
21 property owners in the County and/or in the City at least two miles distant.

Commissioner Sharp stated this was the site proposed for additional low-cost housing
by the Housing Authority. He continued that it had been foreseen with the advent of
the freeway and urban renewal problem there was a need for such housing; however, in
view of all the protests this particular area could not be approved.

Commissioner Fountain made the motion that all assistance be sought from City Hall,
Engineering Department, Right-of-Way Department, to help the Housing Authority find
another suitable site to relocate this particular project.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

Mrs. Peggy Petrie of 1709 East Elm spoke to the Commission stating that she had some
points in rebuttal to the Bonanza Village protests. These were that this site proposed 
by Housing Authority had all the facilities needed for a low-income housing
project; she showed the Commission some snapshots of the area involved. Mrs. Petrie
stated further that any justified protest should have come from Marble Manor, and
also the low-cost housing project had been started there long before Bonanza Village.
She presented a petition in favor of this site and said she had found out the people
of Las Vegas want this low-income housing project and feel this would be a good site
and they do not want a delay in the freeway. She concluded that the signers on
this petition are from all over this community.

Mr. McLaughlin spoke in protest to this rezoning and stated that the property owners
in the area affected were not coming across town to mind someone else's business.

One thing which he wished noted was that the applicant for the change in the zoning,
if approved, would sell this land to the Housing Authority at twice the going rate
for land in the area. He added that he could see a need for additional housing if

7-15-59