NORTH LAS VEGAS FIRE	City Manager Kennedy requested authorization for Captain George Rambo of the Las Vegas Fire

DEPARTMENT TRAINING	Department to be employed on his off-duty hours as Training and Advisory Officer of the North

OFFICER	Las Vegas Fire Department.

Captain George Rambo	Commissioner Fountain stated that he thought this might set a precedent; however, City Manager

Kennedy informed the Commission that very close restrictions are put on this and he would like
to grant the request at least until appointment of a permanent North Las Vegas Fire Chief.

Commissioner Fountain asked how long Captain Rambo had been working with the North Las Vegas
Fire Dept, and City Manager Kennedy stated that it had been about five or six months.

Acting Chief Williams said that there was a period inbetween when he did no work down there.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked how this can be arranged with firemen working 24 hours on and	-

24 hours off. Acting Chief Williams stated that could be arranged and that it was clearly
understood that it was not to interfere with his work with the Las Vegas Fire Department.

He further stated that the City of North Las Vegas had purchased a number of Las Vegas Drill
Manuals and he felt that Captain Rambo was better qualified to instruct them in North Las
Vegas than any of their own personnel.

Commissioner Fountain stated that he was in favor of helping North Las Vegas but suggested
that the arrangement be closely controlled.

NEVADA SOUTHERN	City Manager Kennedy presented a request of Dr. John Wright of the Nevada Southern that,

State and Local	dependent upon second semester registration at the University, Robert F. Boos, Administrative

Government Class	Assistant, teach a State and Local Government Course on Monday, Wednesday and Friday, 8:00 A.M.

to 8:50 A.M.

Robert F. Boos

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked what period this would cover and Mr. Kennedy replied from February
to June. Commissioner Bunker asked if Mr. Boos could be spared from his work and whether he
did not have enough to do to keep him busy. Mr. Kennedy said that he had sufficient work to
keep him busy and that Mr. Boos had stated that while he would be willing to assist the university, 
it made no great difference to him whether the request was granted or not. It might
be that he would have to work later at the City Hall.

Mr. Kennedy stated that he would advise Dr. Wright of Nevada Southern that the request is 
appreciated but the Board does not feel it would be appropriate.

AMERICAN LEGION	City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the American Legion to set off rockets and, or,

CEREMONY	aerial bombs at the November 11 Football Game at Butcher's Memorial Field and stated that it is

the City Attorney's opinion that permission can be granted only by the Board of City Commissioners.

November 11, 1958

Acting Fire Chief Williams stated that the Fire Department would supervise the setting off of
Approved	these rockets or bombs.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Bequest of the American Legion to set off rockets and, or
aerial bombs at the November 11 Football Game at Butcher Memorial Field be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

PRISONER RELEASE	City Manager Kennedy requested approval of release of Isao Marume, No. M27775, upon the 

Isao Marume	recommendation of Dr. J. H. Swartzfager and authorization for Mayor Pro Tem to sign the release

papers upon receipt of properly executed release form signed by Isao Marume.

Mr. Kennedy stated this prisoner has been examined by the doctor several times and he 
reccommends this release as a mental problem as well as a problem in jail as he will not eat.

Police Chief Sheffer said that he was booked for a misdemeanor and if something isn't done
about him he will end up in the hospital being fed intravenously.

Commissioner Fountain moved the release of Isao Marume, No. M27775, be approved, upon the
recommendation of Dr. J. H. Swartzfager and the Mayor Pro Tem authorized to sign the release
papers upon receipt of properly executed release form signed by Isao Marume.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

FOREMASTER LANE	City Manager Kennedy presented a letter from McNamee & McNamee, representing the First National

EXTENSION	Bank of Nevada, Trustee, offering easements for extension of Foremaster Lane from Main Street to

Owens Street subject to conditions outlined in their letter.

Mr. Kennedy stated that the letter offered to give the City easements for the widening of
Owens Avenue and extension of Foremaster Lane from Main Street to Owens Street providing that
the City would enter into a firm agreement with the State that Owens Street would continue to
remain open from Fifth Street to Decatur and further that the City would agree to construct
certain improvements including a drain for the area.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated that he had talked to Otis Wright of the State Highway Department
regarding drainage in conjunction with the freeway and that he felt the City could not go into
the drainage problem in this particular area at this time as it would in all probability be in
conflict with the over-all freeway drainage.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this matter be referred to the City Manager and that he be 
instructed to prepare a reply indicating that the City cannot proceed as they request at this
time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

TRAFFIC COURT	City Manager Kennedy requested a proclamation be drawn declaring November 17-21, 1958 as

PROCLAMATION	"Go to Traffic Court as a Visitor - Not as a Violator Week."

Approved	Commissioner Bunker moved a proclamation be drawn declaring November 17-21, 1958 as "Go to

Traffic Court as a Visitor - Not as a Violator Week" and authorized the Mayor Pro Tem and
City Clerk to sign same.

11-5-58