LIQUOR, GAMING AND              Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Kenneth R. Cobum for 2%

CIGARETTE APPLICATION	interest in the liquor, gaming and cigarette	licenses at the California Club, 101

Additional Owner	Fremont, be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue

the licenses. Police report was favorable on the applicant.

California Club

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Approved	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,

none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

GAMING APPLICATION	The Commission considered the application of	George B. Slobin for 30% interest in

Additional Owner	the net profit of the Poker and Pan Games at	the Old Boulder Club, 118 Fremont.

Chief of Police Ray Sheffer explained that although this man has no investment and
Old Boulder Club	will just handle and manage these games for the owners, it was still necessary that

he be licensed. There was a favorable police report on the applicant.

Approved

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of George B. Slobin for 30% interest
in the net profit of the Poker and Pan Games at the Old Boulder Club, 118 Fremont,
be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

LIQUOR, GAMING AND	Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of the Westerner, Inc., John O'Steen,

CIGARETTE APPLICATION	William Wineberg, Thomas Alley and H. O. Pepple for a change in corporation 

Change in Corporation	ownership at The Westerner, 23 Fremont, be approved and the Supervisor of License and

Ownership	Revenue authorized to issue the licenses. Police report was favorable on the applicants.



The Westerner

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Approved	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

LIQUOR, GAMING AND	The Commission considered the application of Gordon Shelton for Package Liquor and

CIGARETTE APPLICATION	Beer Bar License, Cigarette License and License for 6 Slots at the Sunset Liquor,

Change in Ownership 1027 South Main, presently licensed to Keith Richards. There was a favorable police

report on the applicant. Gordon Shelton was present and stated that he was going to
Sunset Liquor	manage this establishment himself.

Approved	Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Gordon Shelton for Package Liquor

and Beer Bar License, Cigarette License and License for 6 Slots at the Sunset
Liquor, 1027 South Main, be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor C. D. Baker.

LIQUOR APPLICATION The      Commission considered the application of James Costello, Sr., for a Wholesale
Change of Type	  Liquor and Importer License for the Roach Distributing Company, 828 South "A"

Street, instead of the present license he has as a Wholesale Beverage and
Roach Distributing Co. Importer.

Held in Abeyance	City Manager Kennedy stated that under City Ordinance this type of license was

limited and there were none available at the present time. He was of the opinion
that this ordinance should be amended as it forces such applicants out into the
county.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of James Costello, Sr., for a 
Wholesale Liquor and Importer License for the Roach Distributing Company, 828 South "A"
Street, to be held in abeyance and directed the City Manager to have this ordinance
amended.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain with the understanding that this ordinance
would be changed and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain,

Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor

C. D. Baker.

LIQUOR APPLICATION              Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of James Snowden for a Special
Special Events	Events License for the Forward Corporation, 607 Van Buren, for a special event to

be held at the Moulin Rouge Hotel on July 14, 1959, be approved and the Supervisor
Forward Corporation                 of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

CIGARETTE APPLICATION	Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Joseph B. Mikulich for a Cigarette

New	License at the Ambassador Motel, 902 Fremont, be approved and the Director of License

and Revenue authorized to issue the license. Police report was favorable on the
Ambassador Motel	applicant.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

VARIANCE (V-5-58)	The Commission considered the application of Dr. Ralph LaCanna for a variance to

Dr. Ralph LaCanna	construct a commercial building and a hotel at 302 Lewis Street, legally described

as Lots 14, 15, and 16, Block 28, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, in a C-1 zone.

Approved

This application was previously recommended for denial by the Board of Zoning 
Adjustment and tabled by the City Commission on June 18, 1958, on the basis that there was
insufficient off-street parking. Director of Planning Bills stated that a new plot
plan had been submitted which showed a satisfactory arrangement and provided for
17 usable parking spaces. Mr. Bills added that this application was again reviewed

7-1-59