Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this use permit.

Dr. Alexander Coblentz objected on the grounds that this is a residential 
neighborhood for single family dwellings and he does not wish any commercial 
operations in this area.

The following property owners were present and protested the granting of this use
permit:

Dr. R.C. Wixom	1700	South	6th

William Sellman	1612	South	6th

Harry Allen	1704	South	6th

R.N. Beatty	1608	South	6th

Cletus Mason	1705	South	6th

Mr. Murray Petersen of 807 Bracken appeared in support of Mr. Kinnear's 
application for use permit. He stated that he was not aware of the intent of the 
applicant to operate a commercial enterprise, but that he was solely concerned with
the mail disposition of stamps. He said that Mr. Kinnear spends a great deal of
time and money interesting children in the collection of stamps.

Mr. R.N. Beatty advised the Board that it was his understanding that Mr. Kinnear
does have a stamp club for children, but he does sell stamps, albums and he takes
adults on a fee basis and puts together stamp collections which are sold. Mr.
Beatty further stated that Mr. Kinnear has an office and a secretary, advertises
in national magazines and people are calling at his home. Mr. Beatty said he had
no objection to Mr. Kinnear being in the stamp business, but this was an R-1 zone,
and business should be conducted in a commercial zone.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that the Board of Adjustment did
not have this information at the time the application was considered, and if this
is the case the applicant does not qualify as a home occupation.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for use permit be denied and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at
a regular meeting held on the 7th day of May, 1958 having considered the 
application of John A. Kinnear for a Use Permit to operate a mail order stamp exchange as
a home occupation at 558 Oakey Boulevard (Lot 8, Block 1, Beverly Green Tract No.
3) in an R-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment 
approving this application subject to the License Department checking this operation at
the end of one year and being advised by the Planning Director that this applicant
does not qualify as a home occupation due to information received at this time
that he has an office and secretary and advertises in national magazines, which
information the Board of Adjustment did not have at the time of their 
recommendation;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of John A.
Kinnear for use permit to operate a mail order stamp exchange be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bunker
and Mayor Baker stated that their residences are in this area, and therefore they

USE PERMIT - (U-9-58)	The Commission considered the application of Paris U. Stewart for a use permit to

Paris U. Stewart	authorize the conduct of a dressmaking business as a home occupation by his tenant,

	Margie Redfeam, at 509 North 8th Street (Lot 11, Block 8, Buck's Subdivision).

Planning Director Bills advised that the Board of Adjustment recommend approval
of this application subject to the use being limited to the present occupant, Mrs.
Redfeam; check of the business at the end of one year by the License Department;
and the signing of an agreement and posting of a bond for the installation of offsite 
improvements. Mr. Bills further advised that Mr. Stewart had indicated that
he does not wish to sign the agreement for the installation of a sidewalk.

Mrs. Redfeam appeared before the Commission and stated that if she were the owner
of the property, she would be willing to comply. She stated that there are no
other sidewalks in this area, and she could not see where the installation of a
fifty foot strip of sidewalk had any bearing on the operation of a dressmaking
business.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for use permit be denied, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at
a regular meeting held on the 7th day of May, 1958 having considered the application 
of Paris U. Stewart for a use permit to authorize the conduct of a dressmaking
business as a home occupation by his tenant, Margie Redfeam, at 509 North 8th
Street (Lot 11, Block 8, Buck's Subdivision); and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application subject to the use being limited to the present occupant, Mrs.
Margie Redfeam, check of the business by the License Department at end of one
year, signing of an agreement and posting a bond for installation of off-site improvements
 and being advised that Mr. Stewart had indicated not wishing to sign
said agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Paris U.
Stewart for use permit to authorize conduct of dressmaking business as a home occupation 
by his tenant, Mrs. Margie Redfeam, be denied.

5-7-58