PERSONNEL	Administrative Assistant, Robert D. Heath, advised the Board that a list of candidates

DIRECTOR	who had applied for the position of Personnel Director had been submitted to them at

a special meeting held the morning of September 29, 1959, said list having outlined
Dr. John Montgomery              briefly the qualifications of each individual.

Appointed	At that time, Mr. Heath continued, the Personnel Department and the City Manager's

Office recommended the appointment of Franklin Dunlap as being the best qualified
applicant; however, the Board of City Commissioners requested Dr. John Montgomery be
interviewed by the Civil Service Board in regard to his qualifications and report to be
made back to them at a subsequent meeting. The Commissioners present at that time stated
they would prefer to delay action on this appointment until there were at least four
members present. A meeting was scheduled to be held at 3:30 that afternoon; however,
it was impossible to get a sufficient number present. Mr. Heath summarized that this
was the last official position of the matter and the way it had rested since that time.

Mr. Heath added that both of the above-mentioned candidates had now been interviewed
by the Civil Service Board and as a result preference was given to Franklin Dunlap,
the out-of-state candidate, as being the best qualified, and Mr. Heath stated Mr.

Dunlap was still his recommendation for the appointment.

Mayor Gragson stated he understood the Civil Service Board had interviewed both of
these gentlemen; however, only one of the five members of the Civil Service Board,
among others, was present at both interviews.

Mr. Heath stated that Ralston Hawkins, George Knipp and Charles Horsey interviewed
Mr. Dunlap; and that Don Ashworth and Charles Horsey interviewed Dr. Montgomery;
therefore, Mr. Horsey was the only member of the Civil Service Board who was in
attendance at both interviews. However, Mr. Heath stated this interviewing was
essentially a matter of courtesy on the part of the Civil Service Board, and the
recommendation for the appointment should come from the City Manager's Office.

Commissioner Elwell commented that he thought both Mr. Dunlap and Dr. Montgomery were
highly qualified men.

Mr. Heath stated he felt Mr. Dunlap was sufficiently qualified to do this job and that
he personally did not feel that Dr. Montgomery was and that he did not believe his
chiropractic background was sufficient qualification.

City Manager Kennedy stated he did not know about Dr. Montgomery being considered for
this appointment and he wondered if the Civil Service Board would be the proper
authority to make recommendation. He stated further that he had known Dr. Montgomery
for a long time and he would not recommend him for the Personnel Director position.

Commissioner Fountain stated that he most certainly appreciated Mr. Heath's 
recommendation and he disliked going against his recommendation; however, in view of the 
population of Southern Nevada, he felt they were hiring too many people from out of State.

He added that he appreciated the work Mr. Heath had done in regard to these prospective
candidates for this position, but that he would just have to be in favor of some local
man — not necessarily Dr. Montgomery. He was opposed to going out of town for this
appointment and stated they would get a lot of complaints about it. He added that no
doubt Mr. Dunlap would be very well-qualified.

His Honor Mayor Gragson stated that he would like to recommend at this time that they
hire Dr. Montgomery as Personnel Director as he felt he was qualified and that was the
reason he was making the recommendation.

Commissioner Elwell stated that he would favor a local man rather than going out of the
State as there would be too much criticism and in a city of 50,000 there should be a
qualified man for this post.

Commissioner Whipple stated that what had been said was substantially true, but that
sometimes local people could not be found for key positions inasmuch as they were not
interested; however, he agreed they did get a lot of criticism from tax payers by not
favoring local people whenever it was possible to do so.

Commissioner Fountain said that he would like to state that he did not know Dr.

Montgomery very well but that he had talked with him for an hour or two recently and
he felt that with his temperament and ability he should work out; however, he felt
there should be a probationary period. Mayor Gragson stated if Dr. Montgomery did not
prove satisfactory he would be the first to acknowledge this fact.

Commissioner Elwell moved Dr. John Montgomery be appointed to the position of Personnel
Director.

Mr. Heath apologized for interrupting but wished to indicate his belief that in view
of Mr. Kennedy's presence, a recommendation for appointment should come from him.

Mr. Kennedy stated that he had no recommendation to make at this time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Commissioner Whipple qualified his vote with the statement that it be
understood by Dr. Montgomery that his appointment was probationary. Absent:

Commissioner Sharp.

-oOo-

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 9:45 A.M.
Commissioner Whipple moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

APPROVED:

	_____

ATTEST:	ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

MARGORIE HOLTSCHLAG, City Clerk

10-6-59