REGULAR MEETING	Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution be adopted changing the next

OCTOBER 21, 1959	regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners from 7:30 P.M., October 21, 1959,

to 7:30 P.M., October 23, 1959.

Changed to
October 23, 1959

RESOLUTION

Resolution	WHEREAS, The Associated General Contractors' of America are meeting

Adopted	in the City of Las Vegas and have requested participation in said meeting

by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, said Board of Commissioners believes it to be in the best
interest of the City of Las Vegas and its citizens that said Commissioners
attend and participate in said meeting to be held in the evening of
October 21, 1959-

NOW, THEREFORE, BE.IT RESOLVED, that the regular meeting of the Board
of City Commissioners scheduled for 7:30 P.M., October 21, 1959,be, and
' the same hereby is, changed to 7:30 P.M., October 23, 1959^ and except
as hereinbefore provided in this resolution, regular meetings of the said
Board shall continue to be held on the first and third Wednesdays of each
month at the hour of 7:3Q P.M.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 15th day of October, 1959-

/s/ Oran K. Gragson

ATTEST:	ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

/s/ Marjorie Holtschlag___*

MARJORIE HOLTSCHLAG, City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioners Sharp and Whipple.

-0O0-

At the hour of 2:15 P.M. Commissioner Fountain was excused from the meeting.

,	-0O0-

URBAN RENEWAL	Coordinator of Urban Renewal, Franklin J. Bills, traced a brief background of planning

PROJECT	activity on Project "Madison School" up to date including a reference to the recently

"MADISON SCHOOL"	approved "General Neighborhood Renewal Plan." He then introduced Isadore Candeub and

Victor Galgano of the firm of Candeub and Fleissig, Urban Renewal Consultants, who
presented and explained to the members of the Commission the fundamental factors and
elements included in the tentative Urban Renewal Plan for Project "Madison School."

The Staff and Consultants answered a number of questions posed by the members of the
Commission.

The Coordinator of Urban Renewal explained that it was not the intention of the staff
to request an official approval of the plan at this time since the final details had
not been completed and had not been reviewed by the Urban Renewal Administration. He
also pointed out the requirement for a public hearing prior to the final and official
adoption of the Urban Renewal Plan.

Mr. Bills stated that the Commission should unofficially indicate its approval of the
planning fundamentals, including the proposed land uses, utilities, and project controls
so that the Staff might complete the final details for this project for later submission
to the Commission; whereupon Mayor Gragson instructed the Staff and consultants to
complete the detailed planning in accordance with the submission made at this meeting
and to prepare the proper forms which are required to finalize this phase of the
"Madison School" Urban Renewal Project so that the necessary application to the Federal
Government for a loan and grant for this project might be completed and submitted.

-0O0-

There being no further business to come before the Board at the hour of 3:25 P.M.
this meeting adjourned.

ATTEST:	ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

MARJORIE HOLTSCHLAG, City Clerk7*^

10-15-59