1

t

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF EASEMENT

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Harris
P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 8 day of January, 1958, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement,
dated the 16 day of November, 1957, executed by United States of America to
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property 

described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said easement, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder
of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the
records of this Board.

North 12th	The Board considered the quitclaim deed from the Housing Authority of the City

of Las Vegas for an 80 foot right-of-way for the extension of 12th Street for
one block between Marlin Avenue and Mesquite Street, within the Kelso Turner
Tract.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and 

carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner
Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 8 day of January, 1958, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 30 day of December, 1957, executed by The Housing Authority of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this Resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

SOLICITATION PERMITS 	Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for Charitable Solicitation
	Permits, approved by the Solicitations Review Board be approved, and the Supervisor 

of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits;

Clark County Chapter, National Foundation for Infantile
Paralysis

Police Athletic League
Variety Club of Southern Nevada

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS           Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Cecil Lynch for a gaming license
Additional	for 4 Pinball. Machines with cash payoff chutes at the Fortune Club, 22 Fremont

Fortune Club	be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the

license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Lucky Strike	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Milton Prell for 1 license for 26 

Mom's Kitchen	additional slot machines at the Lucky Strike Club, 117 Fremont and the application

of Silver Slots for 2 additional slot machines at Mom's Kitchen, 504 Jackson be
approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Monte Carlo	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of W.A. Poison for a license for one

	additional Poker game at the Monte Carlo Club, 15 Fremont be approved and the

Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Old Boulder Club	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of M.B.Page for license for one 

adtional Pan game and one additional Bridge game at the Old Boulder Club, 118 

Fremont be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the
licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Twin Lakes Liquors                 Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Del Barkhuff for license for one

additional slot machine at the Twin Lakes Liquors, 1632 Tonopah Highway be 

approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Mr. Kennedy reported that David Hawthorne has applied for a slot machine operators 

New	license, dba Automatic Amusements of Las Vegas, and the Police Department report is

favorable.

1-8-58