DATED:	October 7, 1959.

APPROVED:

/s/ Oran K. Gragson
ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Marjorie Holtschlag
MARJORIE HOLTSCHLAG, City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Whipple moved the Regular Payroll Warrant Nos. 40753 - 41315 in the

amount of $84,513.94 and Overtime Payroll Warrant Nos. 41316 - 41348 in the amount
Approved	of $385.97 for the pay period September 16 - September 30, 1959 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved the Service & Material Warrant Nos. 2830 - 3036 and

WARRANTS	Nos. 9436 - 9439 (Urban Renewal) in the total amount of $126,875.06 be approved.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye,
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

MINUTES	Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of September 16 and September 29, 1959

SEPTEMBER 16 and	(Special Meeting) be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized

SEPTEMBER 29; 1959                     to sign same.

(Special Meeting)

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye,
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

CHARITABLE 	Commissioner Whipple moved the following Charitable Solicitation Permits as

SOLICITATION PERMITS	approved by the Solicitations Review Board be approved and the Supervisor of

License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

Approved

AMERICAN LEGION AUXILIARY UNIT #8	Rummage and Bake Sales

EVENING OPTIMIST CLUB OF L. V.	Choir Concert Ticket Sales

LIONS CLUBS OF LAS VEGAS	Solicit donations

ST. CLAIR SPIRITUAL TEMPLE CHURCH	Dinners

SILVER STATE KENNEL CLUB	Dog Show

WOMEN OF THE MOOSE	Rummage Sale

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye,
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

CHARITABLE 	The Commission considered the application of the First Good Shepherd Lutheran Church

SOLICITATION PERMIT	to conduct a Christmas Card and Light Bulb Sale which had been disapproved by the

First Good Shepherd                        Solicitations Review Board.

Lutheran Church

Reverend Hoelter addressed the Commission stating this request actually came from
Application	the youth of his congregation for the purpose of raising funds to help pay the

Withdrawn	expense of attending a youth convention of the church. He stated further that the

Solicitations Review Board had disapproved this application on the basis that it was
for the benefit of a small group. Reverend Hoelter suggested there was a higher law
to be invoked and that was the law of encouraging youth to do something good.

His Honor Mayor Gragson pointed out the fact that the Lions Clubs had conducted their
annual light bulb sale in the past and if there were too many of the same type of drive
it would not be of any good to anyone, and he asked if there was some

other project they might use to raise funds. Reverend Hoelter agreed with the Mayor
on this point and stated that he would so advise them; however, he added that the
City of North Las Vegas had given permission for this sale and in anticipation of a
favorable reply from the City of Las Vegas, the light bulbs had been purchased.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application be denied as heretofore all charitable
solicitation permits had. been approved by the Solicitations Review Board and he could
not see why they should deviate from this procedure.

Mayor Gragson asked Mr. Cory, City Attorney, for an opinion in this regard, and Mr. Cory
stated he could see no reason why this application should be handled any differently
than any other. Commissioner Fountain stated he would uphold his motion in accordance
with the recommendation of the Solicitations Review Board. Commissioner Whipple suggested
this application be withdrawn as he would not approve it in view of the disapproval
of the Solicitations Review Board and he would have to be in favor of Commissioner
Fountain's motion.

Reverend Hoelter asked for time to confer with members of the youth council who were
present and later at this meeting he requested to withdraw the application at this
time and possible they would bring it before the Solicitations Review Board at a
later date.

10-7-59