Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT - (U-10-58)	Consideration was given to the application of Jim H. and Edna Walker for a use

Jim H. Walker	permit to operate a Swedish massage salon as a home occupation at 1201 "G" Street

Denied	(Lots 5 and 6, Block 29, HFM&M Addition) in an R-3 zone.

Planning Director Bills advised that this application was denied by the Board
of Zoning Adjustment based on the recommendation of the Urban Renewal Advisory
Committee and the Building Department, inasmuch as the structure is so substandard 
that it has been classified as beyond rehabilitation.

His Honor asked if there was any one present who wished to speak on this matter.
No one appeared.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for use permit be denied and the 
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a. regular meeting held on the 7th day of May, 1958 having considered the 
application of Jim H. Walker for use permit to operate a Swedish massage salon as a
home occupation at 1201 "G" Street (Lots 5 and 6, Block 29, HFM&M Addition) in an
R-3 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment 
denying this application based on the recommendation of the Urban Renewal Advisory
Committee and the Building Department inasmuch as the structure is so substandard 
as to be classified beyond rehabilitation;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Jim H.
Walker for use permit to operate a Swedish massage salon as a home occupation be
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT - (U-11-58) 	The Board considered the application of the Mountain View Lutheran Church for a
Mountain View Lutheran 	use permit to construct a church building on the west side of Decatur Boulevard
Church	between Alpine Place and Cory Place.

Approved

	Planning Director Bills reported that this application was recommended for approval 

by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, and advised that an agreement has been
signed committing the Church to enter an assessment district or improvement 
district proceeding at a later date for construction of off-site improvements.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this use permit. No protests
were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for use permit be approved and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held on the 7th day of May, 1958 having considered the 
application of the Mountain View Lutheran Church for a use permit to construct a church
building on the west side of Decatur Boulevard between Alpine Place and Cory
Place; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Zoning Adjustment
approving this application and being advised that an agreement has been signed
committing the church to enter an assessment district or improvement district
proceeding at a later date for construction of off-site improvements;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the
Mountain View Lutheran Church for use permit to construct a church building be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE - (V-1-58)	The Commission considered the application of R.M. Johnson for variance to permit

R.M. Johnson	the construction of an addition to an existing commercial building at 1218 "D"

Approved	Street (Lot 7; Block 12, Valley View Addition) in an R-4 zone.

Mr. Bills stated that this application had been approved by the Board of Zoning
Adjustment with the recommendation of the Planning and Building Departments and
the Urban Renewal Advisory Committee. He advised that the improvement agreement
has been signed and a cash bond posted.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to the granting of this variance.
None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for variance be approved and the 
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held on the 7th day of May, 1958 having considered the application 
of R.M. Johnson for variance to permit the construction of an addition to
an existing commercial building at 1218 "D" Street (Lot 7, Block 12, Valley View
Addition) in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment 
approving this application with the recommendation of the Planning and Building 
Departments and the Urban Renewal. Advisory Committee and being advised that the 
improvement agreement has been signed and a cash bond posted;

5-7-58