2.	Compliance with all requirements of the Building Department and Fire
Prevention Bureau.

3.	Final approval by the Child Welfare Board.

Mr. Bills further advised the Commission that Mr. and Mrs. Atchley have requested
a waiver of the requirements for the installation of off-site improvements.

Mr. Atchley appeared before the Board at this time and stated that they did not
feel they were financially able to comply with the requirement for the installation 
of a street at this time. He stated their property was at the deadend of
Kenyon Drive and that it intersects with Shadow Lane; which is not improved.

Mr. Atchley advised the Commission that he anticipates installing sewer; but
would like for the City to waive the requirements for street paving.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be held in abeyance until the next regu-
lar meeting of the Board on March 19; 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noeS; none. 
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

USE PERMIT - U-3-58	Consideration was given to the application of Patrick J. and Thomas F. Eagan for

Patrick & Thomas Eagan 	  a use permit to construct an addition to an existing motel at the comer of South

5th and Baltimore Avenue; in an R-4 zone. Planning Director Bills advised the
Commission that the Board of Adjustment had approved this application subject to
the signing of an improvement agreement and the posting of a bond; which has been
done by the applicant.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application be approved and the following 
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas; Nevada at
a regular meeting thereof held on the 5th day of March; 1958 having considered
the application of Patrick J. and Thomas F. Eagan for a use permit to construct
an addition to an existing motel at the comer of South 5th and Baltimore Avenue,
in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment 
approving this application subject to the signing of an improvement agreement and posting
of a bond which has been done by the applicant;

IT IS THE DECISION of this Board that the application of Patrick J. and Thomas F.
Eagan for a use permit to construct an addition to an existing motel at the corner 
of South 5th and Baltimore Avenue be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

USE PERMIT - U-4-58	The Commission considered the application of the City of Las Vegas for a use permit 

City of Las Vegas	to construct a batching plant at Harris and 30th Streets in an R-E zone, adjacent 

to the old Sewage Disposal Plant.

Mr. Bills stated that the Board of Adjustment had approved this application on a
temporary basis with the understanding that the capital outlay will not be so
large that the City will be committed to maintain this plane permanently in case
of a general City plan indicating that another location would be preferable.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this use permit. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application be approved and the following 
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting thereof held on the 5th day of March, 1958, having considered
the application of the City of Las Vegas for a use permit to construct a batching 
plant at Harris and 30th Streets in an R-E zone, adjacent to the old Sewage
Disposal Plant; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment 
approving this application on a temporary basis with the understanding that the capital
outlay will not be so large that the City will be committed to maintain this plant
permanently if a general City plan indicates another location would be preferable;

NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS THE DECISION of this Board that the application of the City
of Las Vegas for a use permit to construct a batching plant at 30th and Harris
Streets is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 
Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

UTAH AVENUE	Consideration was given to the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission 

No Parking	that the south side of Utah Avenue from "A" Street to Industrial Road be

posted for no parking. Mr. Bills stated that this area is largely used by
Ringsby Truck Lines, P.I.E. Express Co. and Fleetlines, Inc., who joined in
making application for the regulation.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be held in abeyance until the other
property owners in this vicinity can be contacted to see if thy are in accord 
with this regulation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

3-5-58