355

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of H. J. Stocker for acceptance of
Concordia Place which is a cul-de-sac located on the north side of Oakey Blvd. between
15th and 16th Streets be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT (U-7-59)	The Commission considered the application of William S. Boyd for a use permit to allow

Wm. S. Boyd	Mary Dixon (Millard to conduct a deer and poultry processing plant at 2424 Industrial

(Mary Dixon Gaillard)	Road, which is on the west side of Industrial Road between San Francisco and Cincinnati

and legally described as a portion of the Eg½, SE¼, SE¼, SW¼, and the W½, SW¼, SW¼, SE¼
Approved	of Section 4, T21S, R61E, in an M-2 zone.

The Board of Zoning Adjustment recommended approval subject to the following conditions:

(There were no protests)

1.	Conformance to the plot plan as submitted.

2.	That all operations be conducted within a completely enclosed building and the
storage of any supplies, refuse or products not be permitted outside except in
closed containers.

3.	Signing of an improvement agreement and posting of a bond for the installation
of improvements as recommended by the Engineering Department.

Mary Dixon Gaillard is in the process of purchasing this property and states that she
does not wish to sign the improvement agreement nor post a bond until such time as
the property is actually put in escrow; however, she has stated that she will at that
time sign the agreement and post the bond.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of William S. Boyd for a use permit to
allow Mary Dixon Gaillard to conduct a deer and poultry processing plant at 2424
Industrial Road which is on the west side of Industrial Road between San Francisco
and Cincinnati and legally described as a portion of the E½, SE¼, SE¼, SW¼, and the
W½, SW¼, SW¼, SE¼ of Section 4, T21S, R61E, in an M-2 zone, be approved subject to
the conditions recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT (U-8-59)	The Commission considered the application of R. J. Kaltenbom for a use permit to construct

R. J. Kaltenbom	a service station at the southwest corner of Rancho Road and Bonanza Road, legally 

described as a portion of the NE¼, SW¼, SE¼, Section 29, T20S, R61E. This Rezoning (Z-2-59)
Approved	to C-1 was approved at the Board of Commissioners Meeting held March 18, 1959, and this

use permit, if approved, would be subject to final adoption of the ordinance on the rezoning.

The Board of Zoning Adjustment recommended approval of this application subject to the
following conditions:

1.	Adherence to the plot plan as amended to conform to the intersection design (City
of Las Vegas Engineering Department Drawing No. 105.5-V63) which has been 
tentatively approved by the State Highway Department.

2.	The signing of an improvement agreement and posting of bond for the installation
of offsite improvements as recommended by the Engineering Department.

3.	Approval by the State Highway Department for all improvements required on Rancho
Road adjacent to the subject service station in conformance with the tentatively
approved intersection design for Rancho and Bonanza.

The amendment of the plot plan consists of the redesign of the curb cuts which resulted
in the elimination of one of the two proposed curb cuts along Bonanza and a relocation
of one of the two proposed curb cuts on Rancho, and a slight realignment of the curb
radius.

The improvement agreements have not been drawn up yet because the improvements will
depend upon the particular design, and until the design is approved, the improvements
cannot be estimated. There were three protestants present at the meeting, all of them
involved in the operation of filling stations, and their protests were to the effect
that there were already too many filling stations in this area.

Director of Planning Bills presented the drawing of the amended plot plan to the
Commission. Commissioner Sharp stated that he did not believe they were going to
have access according to the sketch.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of R. J. Kaltenbom for a use permit
to construct a service station at the southwest corner of Rancho Road and Bonanza Road,
legally described as a portion of the NE¼, SW¼, SE¼, Section 29, T20S, R61E, be approved
subject to the conditions recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner Whipple voting no.

USE PERMIT (U-9-59)	The Commission considered the application of the Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter

Church of Jesus Christ	Day Saints for a use permit to construct a church on property located generally on the

Latter Day Saints	north side of West Charleston Boulevard west of Cashman Drive, legally described as a

portion of the SW¼, SW¼, SW¼, Section 31; T20S, R61E, M.D.B.&M. in an R-E zone.

Approved

The Board of Zoning Adjustment recommended approval subject to the following conditions:

1.	The conformance to the plot plan as submitted.

2.	That the off-street parking area be surfaced with asphalt or concrete.

3.       That the church agree to enter into an assessment district for installation of
improvements on West Charleston when such district is formed. This agreement
has been signed.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of the Church of Jesus Christ of the
Latter Day Saints for a use permit to construct a church on property located generally
on the north side of West Charleston Boulevard west of Cashman Drive, legally described
as a portion of the SW¼, SW¼, SW¼, Section 31; T20S, R61E, M.D.B.&M. in an R-E zone be
approved subject to the conditions recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple passed his vote.

4-1-59