NAVAL RESERVE SIGN	The City Manager presented the request of the Naval Reserve to place a sign on City

property at the northwest comer of 2nd and Bonanza.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request he granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and

Whipple.

TRAFFIC DETECTORS	City Manager Kennedy presented a purchase requisition for the installation of two

Purchase Approved	detectors in the traffic signal system at Fremont and Charleston. Mr. Kennedy stated

that the cost would be $1150.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Purchase Requisition No. 3069 to Nevada Electric for the
installation of two H.R. Detectors at Charleston and Fremont in the total amount of
$1150.00 be approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and

Whipple.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, at the hour of 8:45 P.M.
Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker and
Whipple.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 17, 1958

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 17th day of September, 1958, was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner.	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

Director of Planning	Franklin J. Bills

Dir. Public Works	Richard P. Sauer

Acting City Clerk	Robert F. Boos

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrant Nos. 26396 through 26935 in the net amount

of $79,105.36 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2783 through 2921 in

WARRANTS	the total amount of $81,205.66 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Fountain moved the Minutes of September 3 and September 10, 1958 be approved

by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bunker passed
his vote.

AUCTION SALE	The Commission considered the notice of Bekins Van and Storage of an auction of unclaimed

Bekin Van & Storage	personal property to be held November 8, 1958 at 10:00 A.M. at 601 North Main Street.

Commissioner Fountain moved that receipt of this notice be acknowledged and filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHILD NURSERY LICENSE	This being the time for John and Helen Buettner owners of the Bo Peep Nursery, 104 Baltimore

Bo Peep Nursery	Avenue to appear and show cause why their license for a child nursery should not be revoked,

License Suspended	 Mr. and Mrs. Buettner were present.

Mayor Baker advised Mr. and Mrs. Buettner that they were cited before the Commission on
reports received from the Child Welfare Board, and asked the Clerk to read the report, which
enumerated the following violations:

9-10-58 & 9-17-58