Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BEL AIR TRACT #4	Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map of Bel Air Tract No. 4 be approved.

Tentative Map

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 58.04	Director of Public Works Sauer reported on the bids for the installation of an irrigation

Rehabilitation Farm	system at the Police Rehabilitation Farm. He stated that the Bid was in two parts. It is

Irrigation System	recommended that Part A be awarded to the Nevada Lawn and Irrigation Co. in the total

Award	amount of $9,368.77 and Part B to Allen Water Well Service Co. in the amount of $4277.11.

Commissioner Sharp moved this recommendation be accepted and Part A of Bid. No. 58.04
awarded to Nevada Lawn and Irrigation Co. in the total amount of $9,368.77 and Part B of
Bid No. 58.04 to Allen Water Well Service Company in the total amount of $4,277.11; and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contracts.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker.

USE PERMIT U-4-57	Director of Public Works Sauer reported that Part A of the offsite improvements at the

Red Rock Baptist	intersection of Upland and Fir have been completed by the Red Rock Baptist Church, and

Church	recommended that the bond be released.

Bond Released	Commissioner Sharp moved that the bond of the Red Rock Baptist Church in the amount of

$3,432.44 be released as recommended.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ALIGNMENT OF NORTH	The Commission considered the petition of the property owners on North 8th Street between

8TH STREET	Ogden and Stewart Streets for the alignment of North 8th Street as the street exists.

The Director of Public Works explained that the Las Vegas Hospital was attempting to add
to their building, but that the Title Company will not give clear title until this alignment
has been straightened out.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following Resolution be adopted:

5ESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City has received a petition from all the property owners on the
east half of Block 11 and the west half of Block 16, Buck's Subdivision of the City of
Las Vegas, asking that action be taken by the City to fix the position of North Eighth
Street between Ogden and Stewart as the same is now constructed; and

WHEREAS, the Board has considered such petition and has decided that the street
as now constructed should be confirmed as now constructed.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 20th day of August, 1958 that North
Eighth Street between Ogden and Stewart Streets in the City of Las Vegas, as the same
is now laid out, constructed and used, be and the same is hereby confirmed by the Board
as the true, correct and proper layout for said street and right of way.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance

Fife Prevention Code          for the adoption of the Fire Prevention Code reported favorably with certain changes.

Commissioner Whipple moved the clerk be authorized to publish notice that this Code is on
file and being considered for adoption.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance to

Housing Code	adopt the Housing Code, asked for additional time before reporting.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance to

Building Code	adopt the Building Code, requested additional time before reporting.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance to

Unsafe Building	adopt an Unsafe Building Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Bunker asked that representatives of all interested groups be reminded of the
meeting to be held August 25, 1958 at 8:00 P.M. on these three proposed ordinances.

At the hour of 8:10 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 8:30 P.M. with
all members present as of the opening session.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2438 through 2604 in the

WARRANTS	total amount of $416,224.21 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 58.07	City Manager Kennedy again reported on the low bidder on Bid No. 58.07 for the furnishing

Tires and Tubes	of tires and tubes to the City for the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1958. Mr. Kennedy

stated that it was felt that Ferris Chassis & Tire Service has a sufficient supply on hand
to meet the requirements of the City, and that a performance bond of $5,000.00 will be
required to meet any deficiencies. The City Manager recommended that this bid be accepted.

8-20-58