WHEREAS, certain employees in the Police and Fire Departments will be required
to work nonetheless,

NOW, THEREFORE, HE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 1st day of July, 1959, that the
said Board by this Resolution, hereby declares Friday, the 3rd day of July, 1959,
to be a legal holiday for all City Employees in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and
that those employees being required to work on said day shall be granted a holiday
in lieu thereof.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be entered upon the official
records of the City of Las Vegas.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 1st day of July, 1959.

/s/ Reed Whipple
MAYOR PRO TEM

ATTEST:

/s/ Marjorie Holtschlag
ACTING CITY CLERK

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

ACTING CITY CLERK	Commissioner Fountain moved that Marjorie Holtschlag be appointed as Acting City

Marjorie Holtschlag                     Clerk effective June 20, 1959.

Appointed	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT         Commissioner Sharp moved that Robert D. Heath be appointed as Administrative Assist-
Robert D. Heath	ant effective June 23, 1959.

Appointed	Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

SICK LEAVE EXTENSION               Commissioner Fountain moved a 30-day extension of sick leave be granted to Esther
Esther Horner	Homer.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

OLD FASHIONED	City Manager Kennedy presented a request for permission to use property on the

CAMP MEETING	southwest side of Owens Avenue where it intersects Main Street for an Old Fashioned

Camp Meeting for 30, to 60 days. Mr. Kennedy added that there would be no tent and
Approved for 30 days                   a speakers platform would be put up.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be approved for a period of 30 days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

BROWN BROTHERS ADJUSTORS    City Manager Kennedy presented a request from the Brown Brothers Adjustors to be

included for City business. Insurance adjustors presently rendering this service
Approved	to the City are the R. L. Gresham and Company and Peck-Reese and Company.

The Commissioners were of the opinion that Brown Brothers Adjustors should be
included to participate in this service and suggested each company serve for a 
6-month period.

RADIOS	Commissioner	Sharp moved the request of the City Manager to advertise	for bids for

radios to be	opened at 8:00 p.m. August 19, 1959, be approved.

Approved to go to Bid

August 19, 1959	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

CHARLESTON AND	RANCHO	City Manager	Kennedy presented a proposed plan for the channelization	of	traffic

ROAD INTERSECTION	at the intersection of West Charleston and Rancho Road involving traffic	signals

and street lights; amount of the engineer's estimate for this work would be
Referred to Traffic	$13,555.85.

and Parking Commission

Commissioner Sharp moved this proposal be referred to the Traffic and Parking 
Commission for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

7-1-59