Mr. Carl Christensen, Attorney, representing Mrs. Mormon (who was also present) introduced 
himself to the Mayor and Board, stating that he wished to show facts and circumstances
in her defense why favorable consideration should be given to Mrs. Mormon in this matter. He
mentioned that a report had been filed against her and that she was not aware of the charges
contained therein.

His Honor Mayor Baker requested Mr. Christensen to follow closely the reported violations as
set forth in the show cause order which were the concern of the Board at this heating.

Mr. Christensen referred to the letter of April 3, 1959, citing Mrs. Mormon to appear to show
cause and with regard to Item (1) Failure to properly isolate or remove a child from her
nursery upon discovery that said child had a contagious disease, he pointed out the fact that
there was no name or date mentioned. He stated that Mrs. Mormon had insufficient knowledge
as to what she had to show cause for.

Mayor Baker reminded him that this was not a court of law and that the volunteer group of
civic minded citizens who make up the Child Welfare Board had found certain violations which
he was certain Mrs. Mormon had knowledge of. Furthermore that the Board of City Commissioners
have every confidence in the Child Welfare Board and its recommendations regarding the
operations and regulations of child nurseries in the City of Las Vegas.

At this time Mr. Christensen introduced Mrs. Connie Mormon to speak in her own behalf. She
stated that she did have a child with a case of chicken pox in her nursery at 827 South 7th
whom she isolated in an isolation room with bathroom that passed qualifications of the Board
of Health. She stated this child had been living with her for two years this July and when
she took ill she put her to bed in the isolation room and that no one went into that room
other than herself, her housekeeper and her own daughter who had already had chicken pox.

She stated that in her experience with this disease and according to information from doctors
that she was led to believe that two days before a child breaks out the disease can be 
communicated and after that is contagious upon touch. She stated further that she did not know
she was violating a law by keeping this child and that had she known that she was putting
herself in jeopardy she would have committed the child to a hospital. She added further
that she was guilty of having this child in this isolation room, but that Dr. D. D. Carr,
Health Officer, Clark County Health Department, had informed her that he could see nothing
wrong with this arrangement.

Mrs. Mormon went on to say that she did the best to her knowledge in the last six years
experience of caring for children in this City.

His Honor Mayor Baker stated that the crux of this situation is the reaction of child nursery
operators to the laws and regulations as set up by the Child Welfare Board and cooperation
with this agency that has been set up to govern operation of child welfare nurseries. He
stated that it appeared that Mrs. Mormon had apparently flaunted these recommendations. He
added that if Mrs. Mormon had these statements from doctors, that would be a point, but as
far as the Commission is concerned they were concerned with the reports from the Child
Welfare Board and their periodical examinations of child care nurseries and cooperation is
expected from the operators and if there was any misunderstanding it goes to this Board who
devote time and effort to maintaining the nurseries in accordance with City Ordinance and
this Board recommends to the City Commission corrective measures to see that minor children
are properly cared for. His Honor continued that they should confine themselves as to
whether or not Mrs. Mormon was, or was not, going to cooperate with the agencies of the City.

Mrs. Mormon stated that nothing was said as to what to do with the 24 hour child under the
circumstances involved.

Commissioner Fountain asked Mrs. Mormon if she did not realize that as an operator of this
type of home she would have to come to the Chid Welfare Board and go over rules of the City.

He further stated that he believed she had a persecution complex and that when the Child
Welfare Officer or members of the Child Welfare Board called on her she fought with them
and called them names.

Mrs. Mormon denied that she did this.

Commissioner Whipple verified the fact that the child in question who had chicken pox was
Debbie Quam and asked if Mrs. Mormon contacted Dr. Ryan at the time the child was taken ill
or if she had called any doctor in this regard.

Mrs. Mormon stated that she did not contact Dr. Ryan and did not say that she had nor had
she called any doctor, but that she knew what to do and she put the child to bed and
isolated her and put calamine lotion on the rash.

Commissioner Whipple stated that this was not the point as Mrs. Mormon did know the child
had a contagious disease and was in the same building where other children were being cared
for and asked her what she did to protect the other children.

Mrs. Mormon answered that she put the child in the isolation room and that her daughter was
allowed in this room as she had already had the chicken pox.

Commissioner Whipple asked Mrs. Mormon what her attitude was when called upon by the Child
Welfare Officer or members of the Child Welfare Board and expressed the Commission's concern 
of the operation under these licenses in the City of Las Vegas.

Mrs. Mormon stated that her feeling toward the Board was to work together with them. She
stated that there was no law to quarantine the whole establishment and if she broke a rule
it was because this child makes her home with her.

Commissioner Whipple referred to Item (2) in the letter of April 3, 1959, citing Mrs. Mormon
to appear which stated that Mrs. Mormon failed to obey instructions to take no additional
children after service of notice to  take no furthe-children for a period of two weeks and
asked if she did take any children in after she received this letter and Mrs. Mormon answered
that she did not. She stated that she registered two children while the Child Welfare Officer
was waiting to serve this notice. In answer to Commissioner Sharp's question she stated that
she had not as yet read the notice. She said she read and signed the notice after she had
registered these two children.



Commissioner Whipple asked Mrs. Mormon if she took children under two years of age and she 
replied that she did not to her knowledge. Commissioner Fountain asked if she would not know

if a child was under two and Mrs. Mormon stated she asked the mother the age of the child
and would register the child if the age was over two.

4-15-49