Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

EASTWOOD TRACT NO. 1 	The Commission considered the final acceptance and release of bond on Eastwood
Acceptance and	Tract No. 1. The Board was advised that Lee Construction Company has submitted

Release of Bond	a check in the amount of $667.26 to cover the bill accumulated by that company

in the construction of this subdivision, and the Engineering Department recommends 
that the subdivision be accepted and the bond released.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Eastwood Tract No. 1 be accepted and the bond
released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

DAWSON PARK NO. 3	Director of Public Works Sauer presented the final map of Dawson Park No. 3 and

Final Map	advised the Commission that a bond in the amount of $40,000 has been posted,

the inspection fees paid, and the Subdivider has complied with all requirements.

Commissioner Sharp moved the final map of Dawson Park No. 3 be approved and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 
Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

HOUSE MOVING PERMIT	The Commission considered the application of Walter Cosper for permission to

Walter Cosper	move a house from the 1100 block on South 5th Street, behind Sills Drive Inn

	to 426 Beaumont. Supervisor of Building and Safety Art Trelease advised the

Commission that Mr. Cosper would like to move this accessory building to 426
Beaumont, but according to the Building Code this is not permitted because
there is no dwelling on this lot. Mr. Trelease stated that Mr. Cosper's second
choice was 423 Tonopah Drive.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Walter Cosper be granted a house moving permit
to move a building from the 1100 Block on South 5th Street to 423 Tonopah Drive.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING 	Consideration was given to a quitclaim deed from James T. and Nana Mae Taylor
R/W DEED	for a portion of "N" Street from Jefferson Avenue southerly for approximately

"N" Street	164 feet. City Manager Kennedy reported that "N" Street has not been brought

through from "J" Street to Highland Drive, and Mr. and Mrs. Taylor will dedicate 
this portion of "N" Street if the City will deed them the portion of Jefferson 
that abuts their property.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and 
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner
Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted
and order made:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, received a petition dated March 31, 1958; signed by the
property owners in the area affected, to realign, change, vacate or otherwise
adjust a portion of a certain street within the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, JAMES T. TAYLOR and NANA MAE TAYLOR own certain properties within
the City of Las Vegas which they hereby offer for street purposes and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is in need of said street, Therefore

BE IT RESOLVED, this 2nd day of April, 1998, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 31st day of March, 1958, executed by JAMES T. TAYLOR and NANA MAE TAYLOR,
husband and wife, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the pur-
poses of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

QUITCLAIM DEED	The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from the City to James T. and Nana

Jefferson Avenue	Mae Taylor for a portion of Jefferson Avenue approximately 25 feet by 95 feet,

	reserving the north 5 feet thereof for storm drain purposes.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the quitclaim deed from the City to James T. and
Nana Mae Taylor for a portion of Jefferson Avenue Approximately 25 feet by 95
feet, reserving the north 5 feet thereof for storm drain purposes be approved
and the Mayor and Clark authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

4-2-58