BID NO. 59.04	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Engineering Department that the

Traffic Signal System	Nevada Electric Co., Inc., 317 Wall Street, he awarded the contract for Bid No. 59.04

Hinson & Charleston	for the installation of traffic signal and street lighting at the intersection of

Hinson and Charleston Boulevard in the amount of $7,934.00. This is the only hid that
Award	was received.

Nevada Electric

Company, Inc.	It has been agreed by the County that the cost of the installation of the traffic signal

bid at $7,259.00 will he assumed on a 50-50 basis. The balance of the contract, $675.00,
provides for the installation of two street lights.

Director of Public Works Sauer stated that the Engineering Department estimate for these
installations was $7500.00 and that the bid received was only 6% higher and that it would
not pay the City to readvertise.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the contract for Bid No. 59.04 for the installation of
traffic signal and street lighting at the intersection of Hinson and Charleston Boulevard
in the amount of $7,934.00 be awarded to the Nevada Electric Co., Inc., 317 Wall Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 58.34	        The Commission considered the request of the Antonsen Painting Co. Inc. for an extension

Painting of City	of time on Bid No. 58.34 for the painting of City Hall and Police Station due to inclement

Hall & Police	weather conditions and delays in delivery of materials. The Engineering Department

Station	recommends that a 45-day extension be allowed, the closing date of contract then to be

March 8, 1959. Director of Public Works Sauer reported that the painting is over 50%
Extension of Time	Completed.

Approved

Commissioner Sharp moved that a 45-day extension for Bid No. 58.34 for the painting of
City Hall and Police Station by the Antonsen Painting Co. Inc., be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 58.23	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Engineering Department that the

Sprinkler System for	Sprinkler System for Plot X at Woodlawn Cemetery, Bid No. 58.23, be accepted and final

Plot X, Woodlawn Cemetery                   payment in the amount of $373.99 be made to the Nevada Lawn Irrigation Company, 324

          South Main. The 35 bay lien period has expired since the Notice of Completion and all
Acceptance and Final                                work has been accepted by the Engineering Department,
Payment Approved

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Sprinkler System for Plot X at Woodlawn Cemetery,

Bid No. 58.23, be accepted and final payment in the amount of $373.99 to the Nevada
Lawn Irrigation Company, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SUNSET MANOR NO. 2	The Commission considered the request of the Pioneer Builders, Inc., for subdivider for

SUBDIVISION AGREEMENT	Sunset Manor No. 2, for an extension of time to complete the offsite improvements under

Extension of Time	the Subdivision Agreement. All the underground utilities have been installed and all the

curbs have been placed. Approximately 50% of the streets have been improved, and 10%
Approved	of the street lighting has been installed.

The Engineering Department recommends that an extension of 90 days be granted for the
completion of these improvements providing that the bonding company submits a written
approval that the bond covers the extended time. This is covered by Subdivision 
Improvement Bond of the General Casualty Company of America in the amount of $45,855.64.

Commissioner Fountain moved that an extension of 90 days to the Pioneer Builders, Inc.,
for the completion of offsite improvements under subdivision agreement for Sunset Manor
No. 2, be approved, subject to the stipulation that the bonding company submits a written
approval that the bond covers the extended time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GREATER LAS VEGAS	The Commission considered	the recommendation of	the	Engineering	Department that the	final

ADDITION 3, UNIT NO, 2	plat for Greater Las Vegas Addition 3, Unit No.	2, be accepted.	Subdivision Agreement,

bond for offsite improvements and inspection fees have been submitted by the subdivider,
Acceptance of Final	The First Securities Company of Nevada. All other conditions of the Subdivision Agreement

Plat - Approved	have been met.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the final Plat for Greater Las Vegas Addition, 3, Unit No.

2 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SOUTHRIDGE TRACT 6	The Commission considered	the recommendation of	the	Engineering	Department that the	final

Acceptance of Final	plat for Southridge Tract	6 be accepted pending	the	posting of the bond and signing	of

Plat	the subdivision agreement by the Subdivider, Royes J. Petersen. This plat has been checked

and inspection fees have been paid. The tentative map for Southridge Tract 6, as submitted
Approved	by Jack B. Hassett, Box 4133; Carmel, California, was approved by the Board of City 

Commissioners on November 5, 1958.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the final Plat for Southridge Tract 6 by approved subject
to the posting of the bond and signing of the subdivision agreement by the subdivider.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

QUITCLAIM DEED	The Commission considered the adoption of Resolution of Acceptance of Quitclaim Deed to

Clark County School	the City of Las Vegas from the Clark County School District for the right-of-way for

District	reverse curve on northwest corner of Sunrise Avenue and 26th Street.

Resolution of Acceptance	Commissioner Whipple moved that the following resolution be adopted and order made:

Adopted

2-18-59