sincere regret.

On behalf of the Mayor and Board of Commissioners, I wish to convey their
appreciation for the cooperation and genuine interest you have shown as a member
of this Board. It is commendable to find a person who is willing to devote the
time and effort required to act in this capacity, and the Commission is most grateful 
to you for your service.

Yours very truly,

MARJORIE HOLTSCHLAG
Acting City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Sharp voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Mayor C. D. Baker and Mayor Pro Tem Reed Whipple.

CIVIL SERVICE TRUSTEES City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that Ralston Hawkins had expressed his

willingness to serve on the Civil Service Board of Trustees and recommended that he
Ralston Hawkins	be appointed to complete the unexpired term of Ralph Denton, whose resignation had

just been accepted.

Appointed

Commissioner Elwell moved that Ralston Hawkins be appointed as member of the Civil
Service Board of Trustees to complete the unexpired term of Ralph Denton which would
expire July 1, 1961.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Sharp voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker and Mayor Pro Tem Reed Whipple.

OGDEN AND CARSON STREETS Commissioner Fountain moved that the following resolution of intent to change Carson

and Ogden Streets, from Main to 12th Street, from one-way streets to regular two-way
Change from 1-Way to	streets be adopted and order made; and further, that this resolution be considered

2-Way Streets	at the Traffic and Parking Commission Meeting to be held June 18, 1959, with their

recommendation to the Board of City Commissioners to be made on or prior to July 1,
Resolution of Intent                   1959:

Adopted

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City Commission voted unanimously, at a regular meeting thereof,
on the 17th day of June, 1959, to change the traffic pattern on Ogden Street and
Carson Street between Main and 12th in the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners is of the opinion that said streets should
be changed from one-way to two-way streets in the public interest and that said
changes will benefit the general welfare of the City of Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners, at a regular meet-
ing thereof held on the 17th day of June, 1959, that the said Commission intends to
take the necessary action at their regular meeting on the 1st day of July, 1959,
changing Ogden Street and Carson Street from Main to 12th Street in the City of Las
Vegas, from one-way streets to regular two-way streets.

IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED that the Traffic and Parking Committee consider this
Resolution at their meeting on the 18th day of June, 1959, and make their 
recommendations to the Board of Commissioners on or prior to the 1st day of July, 1959.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 17th day of June, 1959.

/s/ Harris P. Sharp_________________

Mayor Pro Tem

ATTEST:

/s/ Robert F. Boos_________________

Acting City Clerk

Motion, seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Sharp voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker and Mayor Pro Tem Reed Whipple.

BID NO. 59.19	Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 59.19 for City Hall Entrance Lighting be

City Hall Entrance	awarded to the Acme Electric, 308 Wall Street, in the amount of $1,415.00 as recommended 

Lighting	by the Department of Public Works.

Award	Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Acme Electric	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Sharp voting aye; noes,

none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker and Mayor Pro Tem Reed Whipple.

NO PARKING ZONE	The Commission again considered the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking 

South 6th; Charleston	Commission for the installation of a No Parking Zone along the east side of South 6th

Blvd. and Park Paseo	Street between Charleston Boulevard and Park Paseo. This item was held in abeyance

at the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held May 6, 1959.

Held in Abeyance

Commissioner Fountain moved that the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking

6-17-59