Mr. Hennon appeared before the Board with samples of the enriched
soil he wishes to produce. He also suggested an alternate location
on the north side of East Charleston just east of Pecos. A Mr. James
Ettling and a Mr. Swapp stepped forward to voice their protests to
this application as neighbors of the applicant, and Mr. Hennon showed
them the samples of earth and denied that he was processing a fertilizer 
which had been their opinion.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of C. L. Hennon for
a variance to process mineral rich soil by grinding with a small
machine, packaging and storing same for two years, if possible, at
property located on the east side of Pecos, alternate location on the
north side of East Charleston just east of Pecos, be referred back
to the Board of Zoning Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain, and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His honor

voting aye; noes, none.

In connection with the above there was considerable discussion of the
general area at East Charleston and Pecos.

Commissioner Whipple moved that appropriate action be taken to clean
up this area and that the City Manager make an investigation and
report back to the Commission at the next regular meeting to be held
January 7, 1959.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
Vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE (V-19-58)	The Commission considered the application of Jack E. Schieff for a

Jack E. Schieff	variance to allow a reduction in the number of on-site parking spaces

for 24 units from 24 spaces to 6 spaces, to be compensated by other
Denied	off-site parking in the immediate area, located at 309 North 1st St.

between Stewart and Police Headquarters, legally described as Lots
21 and 22, Block 1, Parkview Addition, in an R-4 zone.

His Honor Mayor Baker informed Mr. Schieff that the Commission was not
considering any applications that might interfere with the development
of the freeway at this time. Commissioner Sharp stated that the
ordinance requires one parking space for each unit.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Jack E. Schieff for
a variance to allow a reduction in the number of onsite parking spaces
for 24 units from 24 spaces to 6 spaces, to be compensated by other
offsite parking in the immediate area, located at 309 North 1st Street,
be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE (V-20-58)	The Commission considered the application of Robert Bach for a

Robert Bach	variance to construct a fourplex on insufficient lot area on property

located at 1923 Stewart Avenue between 19th and 21st streets, legally
Denied	described as Lots 37 and 38, Block 2, Boulder Dam Homesite Addition

#3, in an R-3 zone. Denial recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment.

Mr. Norman Helgeson, Contractor, spoke representing Robert Bach,
stating that there were other fourplexes in this area and they appeared
to be on the same size lot. Planning Director Bills advised the Board
that Mr. Bach's lot lacks 650 feet of having enough for the fourth
unit and that he does not have the history on the other fourplexes that
appear to be on the same size lot. He further stated that practically
every building in the location concerned is a triplex in conformance
with the ordinance.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Robert Bach for a
variance to construct a fourplex on insufficient lot area on property
located at 1923 Stewart Avenue between 19th and 21st Streets, legally
described as Lots 37 and 38, Block 2, Boulder Dam Homesite Addition #3,
in an R-3 zone, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

-oOo-

At the hour of 8:30 P.M. the meeting was recessed and reconvened at
the hour of 8:45 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

-oOo-	l

VARIANCE (V-21-58)	The Commission considered the application of Sam Kimmelman for a

Sam Kimmelman	variance to build within a required rear yard on property located

at 3512 Westleigh, between Darmak and Douglas Streets, legally
Approved	described as Lot 13, Block 13, Westleigh #4, in an R-1 zone. Approval

recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to conformance to
the Plot Plan as submitted.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Sam Kimmelman for a variance
to build within a required rear yard on property located at 3512 Westleigh,
between Darmak and Douglas Streets, legally described as Lot 13, Block 13,
Westleigh #4, in an R-1 zone, be approved subject to conformance to the
Plot Plan as submitted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His honor
voting aye; noes, none.

12-17-58