GAMING LICENSES	Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for additional gaming licenses be

Additional	approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

Approved	OLD BOULDER CLUB 118 Fremont Automatic Amusement	1 Cash Pinball

OLD BOULDER CLUB	118 Fremont	Hezzelwood, Houssels,

Page, Young, et al	2	slots

CHARLESTON INN	1107	S.	2nd	Rancho Coin Machine	1	slot

THE PUB	1218	S.	Main	Crown Novelty Co.	2	Cash	Pinball

SUNSET LIQUOR STORE 1027	S.	Main	Del Barkhuff	1	Cash	Pinball

MAIN LIQUOR	418 No.	5th	Automatic Amusement	1	Cash	Pinball

LOVELAND'S COUNTRY

FAIR MARKET	2421 E. Bonanza	Orlin C. Loveland	2	slots

NEVADA CLUB	105 Fremont	105 Casino Corp.	5	Cash Pinballs

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, Bunker and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING LICENSE	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Robert Powell for 3% interest in the

Change of Interest               California Club, 101 Fremont be approved.

California Club

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Approved	Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, Bunker and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SECONDHAND LICENSE	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Alfred E. Waters for a secondhand dealers

Al's New & Used	license at Al's New and Used Furniture Store, 219-221 North 1st Street be approved, and

Furniture	the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TAXI LICENSE	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Lee Spiers to change the name of his taxi

Change of Name	cab company from Boulder Taxi Company to Ace Cab Company, be approved.

Boulder to Ace

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Approved	Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, Bunker and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GREATER LAS VEGAS	Planning Director Bills presented the tentative map of Greater Las Vegas Addition No. 3,

ADDN. #3	 which was approved by the Planning Commission subject to the following conditions:

Tentative Map

1.	That 21st Street be designed as a Collector Street and developed as a 60 foot 

Approved	right-of-way with a 49 foot roadway width.

2.	Harris Avenue be extended to connect with 21st Street and developed as a 60 foot
right-of-way.

3.	That the 100 foot strip known as 22nd Street be eliminated.

4.	That Theresa Avenue be moved 150 feet north to improve the drainage.

5.	That sewers throughout the tract maintain gravity flow.

Mr. Bills advised that with the exception of the Collector streets and Bruce Street,
a secondary major, 25th Street a primary major and Washington Avenue a primary major,
all other streets conform to the 51 foot right-of-way with a 41 foot curb to curb pavement.

Mayor Baker asked if all lots on Washington face away from this street. Mr. Bills stated
that all lots back on Washington except three which side on this street.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map of Greater Las Vegas Addition No. 3 be approved,
subject to the conditions set forth by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Bunker asked that the record show he had been concerned with the negotiations,
and seconded the motion which carried with the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple stated
that the land for this subdivision was sold to Mr. Whaley by the LDS Church of which he
is president, but he has no personal interest.

BID NO. 58.22	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 58.22 for the furnishing

Sewer Line on St. Louis       of material and labor necessary for the construction of a sewer line, manholes and

appurtenances for St. Louis Street from Maryland Parkway to City Property adjacent to the
Opened	John C. Fremont Schools, bids were received from the following firms:

J. A. TIBERTI CONST. CO.	$11,897.00

LONGLEY CONSTRUCTION CO.	9,692.00

GEORGE E. MILLER CONST. CO.	5,815.00

ACE PLUMBING COMPANY	9,984.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and City
Engineer for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TWIN LAKES ESTATES	The Commission considered the tentative map of Twin Lakes Estates Nos. 2, 3 and 4 of

#2, 3; & 4	approximately 24 acres, located between Washington Avenue and Bonanza Road, south of

Tentative Map	Twin Lakes. Planning Director Bills advised that this tentative map had been approved

by the Planning Commission.

Approved

Commissioner Fountain moved the tentative map of Twin Lakes Estates Nos. 2, 3 and 4 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker declared
he has an interest in the property being developed.

REZONING (Z-11-58)	Consideration was given to the application of Richard L. Bingham for the reclassification

Richard L. Bingham	of a portion of the SE¼, NE¼ of Section 27, T20S, R61E from R-2-T to C-2, said property

located at 1215 North 5th and known as Mt. View Trailer Park.

Approved

Planning Director Bills advised that this application was recommended for approval by the
Planning Commission on the basis that it is in agreement with the Tentative Master Plan.

9-17-58