VARIANCE (V-14-58)	The Commission again considered the application of Robert O'Brien to construct and operate

a maternity hospital on the north side of West Charleston between Brush & Upland, legally
Robert O'Brien	described as Government Lot 55, Section 36, T20S, R61E, in an R-1 zone.

Maternity Hospital

Mr. Bills, Director of Planning, stated that under the present ordinance a hospital is allowable

Referred back to	in a Commercial Zone. If this were a publicly-owned hospital, as the majority in the United

Planning	States are, it would be possible to grant a use permit as a public use. The effect on the

area would not appear to be much different in the case of a privately owned hospital than one
owned by the public.

Mr. Ed Hendricks of Moffitt & Hendricks Architects spoke for his client, Robert O'Brien, and
requested deferral of the application until the Planning Commission has the opportunity to make
a further study and recommendation as to zoning changes for hospitals.

The City Clerk stated that three protests had been received by the Planning Commission and
that two other protests had been received and filed with the City Clerk since the date of the
Board of Zoning Adjustment recommendation.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Robert O'Brien to construct and operate a
maternity hospital on the north side of West Charleston between Brush and Upland legally 
described as Government Lot 55; Section 36, T20S, R61E, in an R-1 zone be referred back to the
Planning Commission for further study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker

and Commissioner Fountain.

URBAN RENEWAL	Planning Director Bills advised the Board of Commissioners that the City had been contacted by

the Urban Renewal authorities in regard to the reduced Federal Appropriation of Funds available
Adopted Resolution	for Urban Renewal Projects. The Federal Officials advised that under the reallocation formula

there would not be sufficient funds available to cover Project "Industrial" which is the project
for which an application was previously approved by the Board of Commissioners.

The Federal Officials further advised that the City had a period of six weeks in which to 
resubmit an application in the form of a reduction of Project "Industrial" or substitute a new
project. In order to proceed on a project which would do the most toward provision of new
homes under special provisions of the FHA Act concerning relocation of persons displaced by
any Governmental Action (freeway construction or Urban Renewal), it was decided to submit a
new application for Project "Madison" which is covered in the following resolution.

This is the same type of resolution that was approved in connection with the initial project;
that is, an application for an advance loan not to exceed $81,902.00 to cover advance planning
costs. The loan is to be repayable with interest only if the project is ultimately completed.
Adoption of this resolution commits the City to nothing other than conducting an advance planning
study.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated that he felt we should proceed with this project and adopt the
resolution.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution entitled:	"A RESOLUTION REQUESTING THE

RESERVATION OF CAPITAL GRANT FUNDS, APPROVING THE UNDERTAKING OF SURVEYS AND PLANS FOR AN
URBAN RENEWAL PROJECT, AND THE FILING OF AN APPLICATION FOR FEDERAL ADVANCE OF FUNDS", be
adopted:

WHEREAS, under Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended, and the Housing Act
of 1954, the Housing and Home Finance Administrator is authorized to extend financial assistance
to localities in the elimination and prevention of the spread of their slums and urban blight
through the planning and undertaking of urban renewal projects; and

WHEREAS, it is desirable and in the public interest that the City of Las Vegas prepare
surveys and plans, presently estimated to cost approximately $81,902.00 in order to undertake
and carry out an urban renewal project of the character contemplated by Section 110(c) of said
Title I, in that certain area, proposed as an Urban Renewal Area, situated in the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark and State of Nevada, and described as follows:

Beginning at the Northeast comer of Bonanza Terrace thence North 0°41'46"

West along the west right-of-way line of "J" Street and its prolongations
a distance of 1370 feet more or less to the point of intersection with the
South right-of-way line of Jackson Avenue, thence westerly along said south
right-of-way line a distance of 316 feet, thence North 0°41'46" West and
parallel with the West right-of-way line of "J" Street aforementioned a
distance of 360 feet more or less to the north right-of-way line of Van Buren
Street, thence East along the north right-of-way line of said Van Buren Street
a distance of 316 feet to the Southeast corner of Lot 17; Block 1, Virginia
Manor Tract #2, thence North 0°41'46" West along the East line of said Lot
17; Block 1 and its prolongation a distance of 650 feet more or less to a
point on the North right-of-way line of Owens Avenue, (Formerly Harrison
Avenue), thence East along the North right-of-way line thereof and its 
prolongation a distance of 1400 feet more or less to a point of intersection with
the northerly prolongation of the East line of Lot 4, Block 25, of H.F.M.&M.

Addition, thence south along the East line of Lot 4, Block 25 above mentioned
and its prolongation as it passes through Block 25, 26, 27, and 28, H.F.M.&M.

Addition a distance of 1317 feet more or less to a point on the centerline of
Monroe Avenue, thence West along the centerline of Monroe Avenue and its 
prolongation to a point on the centerline of "H" Street, thence south along the
centerline of "H" Street a distance of 100 feet more or less to a point on
the North 1/16 line of Section 28, T20S, R61E, thence West along said North
1/16 line a distance of 462.93 feet more or less to a point of intersection
with the northerly prolongation of the East line of Lot 6, Block 2, B. M.

Jones Subdivision, thence South along the East line of said Lot 6, Block 2
and its prolongation a distance of 181.86 feet to the Southeast corner of
Lot 5, Block 2, B. M. Jones Subdivision, thence west along the south line
thereof and its prolongation a distance of 167.94 feet to a point on the 
centerline of "I" Street, thence South along the centerline of "I" Street a distance
of 954.90 feet more or less to a point of intersection with the South 
right-of-way line of Adams Avenue, thence West along the South right-of-way line of
Adams Avenue and its prolongation a distance of 770.16 feet more or less to
the point of beginning.

10-15-58