Name	Dept.	Step	Schedule	Dollars

Null, Jesse K.	Golf Course	3-4	22	353-370

Louden, James	P.	W.	Bldg.	1-2	27	407-427

Dodd, Barney A.	P.	W.	Engr.	3-4	21	338-353

Razy, R. H.	P.	W.	Garage	3-4	26	427-447

Clark, Wm. B.	P.	W.	Sewage	4-5	23	388-407

Linton, Eugene	P.	W.	Street	3-4	25	407-427

Walrath, M. B.	P.	W.	Street	4-5	25	427-447

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes; none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

SALARY INCREASES	Commissioner Fountain moved the salary increases for appointive staff be approved

as of October 1, 1959:

Appointive Staff

Kenneth Hadland	682-715

Approved	Margaret Walker	447-468

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes; none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

PURCHASE	Commissioner Whipple moved the sale of irregularly-shaped Block 21, 14th Street

OF CITY PROPERTY	Addition; to Guy M. Washburn for $10 be approved as recommended by the Director

of Public Works and City Attorney and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to

Guy M. Washburn	sign the Grant; Bargain & Sale Deed.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes; none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

PURCHASE	Acting City Manager Robert D. Heath presented the request from Public Works

REQUISITION	Department for approval of Purchase Requisition No. 7034 to the Aluminum Corporation 
of America, Los Angeles, California, in the amount of $1,546.50 for

Aluminum Pipe	Aluminum Pipe for Street Signs. Director of Public Works Sauer advised this

pipe was needed for the installation of street signs in subdivisions as well as
Approved	for street signs throughout the City and considerable difficulty had been experienced

in getting delivery on this item. In answer to Commissioner Fountain's question;

Mr. Sauer stated this was not for street signs for the downtown area.

Commissioner Fountain moved Purchase Requisition No. 7034 to the Aluminum Corporation 
of America, Los Angeles, California, for Aluminum Pipe for Street Signs
in the amount of $1,46.50 be approved as requested by the Public Works Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes; none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

VACATION	Acting City Manager Heath presented a petition from Charleston Plaza; Inc.; William

PETITION	Peccole; President; and Don D. Atkin; Secretary; to vacate the entire Charleston

Village Tract #1; with the exception of Lots 9, 10, 11 and 12, Block 7, into
Charleston 	acreage. The purpose of vacating the present subdivision is to construct a regional

Village Tract #1	shopping center consisting of approximately 300,000 square feet of buildings with

off-street parking facilities for 3,000 automobiles.

Referred to

Planning Com.	Commissioner Elwell moved this vacation petition be referred to the Planning 

Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes; none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

VACATION	Commissioner Fountain moved the petition from Charleston Heights, Inc., L. M. Laule,

PETITION	Ernest A. Becker, Jay  C. & Eva Casada, for the vacation of two small parcels of land

at the intersection of Alta Drive and Decatur Boulevard, due to a change in right-of-way 
Intersection of	of Decatur from 110' to 80' be referred to the Planning Commission.

Alta Dr. &

Decatur Blvd.	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
Referred to	noes; none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Planning Com.

Commissioner Fountain stated anything pertaining to the Planning Commission
should be so referred before coming before the Board of City Commissioners.

LANDSCAPING	The Commission considered the preposed drawing for landscaping of the islands on

MARYLAND PARKWAY	Maryland Parkway between Oakey Boulevard and San Francisco Avenue. Director of

Public Works Sauer advised this proposal, was originated by virtue of the fact that
Referred to	the people in the area requested some improvement; and in order to get away from

Traffic & Parking	cutting grass; the Park Department suggested the islands be gravelled and planted

Commission	with trees and shrubs.

Commissioner Fountain asked if there would be a crosswalk from Gorman High School
and Mr. Sauer stated the crosswalks would remain where they were.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be held in abeyance and referred to the
Traffic and Parking Commission with their recommendation regarding crosswalks to
be presented to the Board of City Commissioners at the next regular meeting to be
held October 21, 1959.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes; none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

10-7-59