PURCHASE REQUISITION	City Manager	Kennedy requested approval of Purchase Requisition No. 7382 to Gladys C.

NO. 7382	Harris, Long	Beach, Calif., in the amount of $2,503.30 for the purchase of .796 acres,	more

Land for Extension of	or less, for	the extension of Fir Avenue vest from Decatur and adjacent to Charleston

Fir Avenue	Heights Tract. This item will be a recoverable expense.

Approved	Commissioner Bunker moved that Purchase requisition No. 7382 to Gladys C. Harris, Long

Beach, Calif., in the amount of $2,503.30 for the purchase of .796 acres, more or less,
for the extension of Fir Avenue vest from Decatur and adjacent to Charleston Heights Tract
be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register and the
Director of Finance and Treasurer authorized to sign and issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

20-30- CLUB	City Manager	Kennedy presented the request of Gary Kissel, President 20-30 Club of Las	Vegas

Fire Department	for ten beds	and mattresses from the Fire Department for the Pakoon Springs Boys Ranch

Beds & Mattresses	located in the Arizona Strip about 60 miles from Mesquite, Nevada.



Approved.	Commissioner Fountain moved that the request of the 20-30 Club of Las Vegas for ten beds

and mattresses from the Fire Department for the Pakoon Springs Boys Ranch located in the
Arizona Strip about 60 miles from Mesquite, Nevada, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

	AMBULANCE SERVICE	City Manager Kennedy presented a letter from William E. Curtis, Las Vegas Emergency

CONTRACT	Ambulance, suggesting that now that there are two licensed ambulance services in the City

that the contract be reopened or alternated on a monthly basis insofar as City calls are
concerned. Mr. Kennedy stated that the present contract with the Mercy Ambulance Service
has expired but is being continued on a month to month basis.

Commissioner Fountain asked if the City was satisfied with the service of the Mercy
Ambulance and Police Chief Sheffer stated that the Police Department is satisfied with
their performance and that there are sufficient ambulances on call. Mr. Kennedy added
that up to this time there has been only one licensed ambulance company in the City. In
view of the fact the present arrangement appeared satisfactory, no action was taken on
this matter.

SEWER SURVEY PROPOSAL        City Manager Kennedy presented the proposal of John Carollo, Consulting Engineers, for the

John Carollo,	study and report on sewerage problems of the City and surrounding area, including improvements

Consulting Engineers	needed in existing sewers, including relief and trunk sewers and estimate of cost of improvements

by years for the next five years. The total cost of the study to be $5,000.00 and the
Approved	survey is to start not later than January 1, 1959 and be completed on or before April 15, 1959.

Mr. Kennedy stated this study will cover improvements as they should be put in according to
population growth.

Mayor Baker stated that he was in favor of the proposal provided it include the provision
that the Consulting Engineers recommend a formula or schedule of rates wherein the City may
offer sewer service to areas immediately adjacent to the City if the service can be provided
without jeopardizing additional service within the City limits.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the proposal of John Carollo, Consulting Engineers, for the
  study and report on sewerage problems of the City and surrounding area, including improvements 
needed in existing sewers, including relief and trunk sewers and estimate of cost of
improvements by years for the next five years, for the total amount of $5,000.00 be approved
and the Consulting Engineers requested to supply the formula or schedule of rates as suggested 
by His Honor, Mayor Baker,

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CIVIL DEFENSE	City Manager Kennedy presented a resolution required by the Surplus Property Division, Nevada

RESOLUTIONS	State Purchasing Department, designating C. D. Baker, Mayor; Reed Whipple, Mayor Pro Tem;

and A. H. Kennedy, City Manager, as authorized representatives to obligate funds and obtain
Adopted	transfer of surplus property from the Surplus Property Division. Mr. Kennedy also requested

the Board to adopt a second resolution setting up departments as set forth in the Civil Defense
Ordinance.

Mayor Baker stated that he would suggest also that in connection with this second resolution
that copies be sent to the proper State and Local Agencies for their attention and further
that next week State Civil Defense Officials will be here in conjunction with City of Las
Vegas Civil Defense and Nellis Air Force Base to work out a disaster plan for military or
civilian use.

	Commissioner Bunker moved that the following resolutions be adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF GOVERNING BOARD OF CITY OF LAS VEGAS

STATE OF NEVADA

"RESOLVED that Warehouse Issue Sheet, Form NSPD-SP-9, of the Surplus Property
Division, Nevada State Purchasing Department, shall be spread upon the minutes of this
meeting and that C. D. Baker, Mayor; Reed Whipple, Mayor Pro Tem; and A. H. Kennedy, City
Manager shall be and are hereby authorized as the representatives of Las Vegas Civil Defense
	to obligate its funds and obtain the transfer to it, from said Surplus Property Division,

	of surplus property upon and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in said Form

and in its name and on its behalf agree thereto.

"RESOLVED FURTHER that a certified copy of this resolution be given the Surplus
Property Division, Nevada State Purchasing Department, and that the same shall remain in
full force and effect until written notice to the contrary is given said Division.

"RESOLVED FURTHER that the City Manager shall transmit to the said Surplus
Property Division a specimen signature of each of the above named authorized representatives
together with a certificate by him respecting the authenticity of each Signature.

RESOLVED FURTHER that the Surplus Property Division be requested to give one copy
of each issue sheet to the representative who makes the selection of the property and that
the Nevada State Purchasing Department be requested to forward another copy of each issue

12-3-58