VARIANCE (V-7-58)	The Commission considered the application of Kenneth Zahn for variance to reduce

Kenneth Zahn	the rear yard requirements to 20'5" at the northeast corner of 6th and Bonita

(Lot 1, Block 1, Alta Vista Tract No. 3); in an R-1 zone. Planning Director
Approved	Bills advised that the Board of Adjustment recommended this application be

denied on the basis that the applicant was aware of the yard requirements
and should have designed the proposed house in conformacy. Mr. Bills stated
that here were no protests to this application.

Mr. Zahn was present at this time and stated that a variance for the same type
of construction as his had been previously granted in this same area, and 
requested that his application be approved.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for variance be approved, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
at a regular meeting held on the 2nd day of July, 1958, having considered the
application of Kenneth Zahn for variance to reduce the rear yard requirements
to 20'5" on Lot 1, Block 1, Alta Vista Tract No. 3; in an R-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Zoning Adjustment
that this application be denied, and the Board having further considered in 
support of this application.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Kenneth
Zahn for variance to reduce the rear yard requirements to 20'5" on the above 
described property, be and the same is hereby approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

VARIANCE (V-9-58)	The Board considered the application of Dolph K. Bowman for variance to conduct

Dolph K. Bowman	the operation of a riding school at West Oakey Boulevard, between Rancho Road

Approved	and Cashman Drive (a portion of the NE¼, SW¼ of Section 5, T21S, R61E) in an

R-1 zone. Planning Director Bills reported that this application was recommended 
for approval by the Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to the following
conditions:

1.	That no permanent buildings be erected.

2.	That the property be operated in an orderly fashion, and no refuse
allowed to accumulate on the premises.

3.	That the variance be limited to the applicant only, and that it
be made temporary to terminate at the end of two years, or upon
the termination of the applicant's lease, whichever date occurs
first.

Mr. Bills stated that there was only one letter of protest from a property owner
in the Westleigh Tract which is approximately one-quarter mile away.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there were any objections to the granting of this
	variance. None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for variance be granted subject to
the conditions of the Board of Adjustment, and the following resolutions adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held on the 2nd day of July, 1958, having considered the application 
of Dolph K. Bowman for variance to conduct the operation of a riding
school at West Oakey Boulevard, between Rancho Road and Cashman Drive, in an R-1
zone; and

The Commission having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application subject to certain conditions.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that this application for variance 
be approved, subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, 
and further subject to the condition that this variance be limited to
the applicant, Dolph K. Bowman only, to terminate at the end of two years or upon
the termination of the applicant's lease of said property whichever date occurs
first.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

VARIANCE (V-8-58)	Consideration was given to the request of John Peter Lee, Esq. that the application 

Melvin G. Campbell	of Melvin G. Campbell for variance to utilize a portion of the required

Continued	rear yard for patio and equipment shelter at 1700 South 14th (Lot 21 and part

of Lot 22, Block 3; Marycrest Estates) in an R-1 zone, be continued until August

6, 1958.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there were any objections to the continuing of this
application until the time requested. No objections were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request to continue this application for variance
be approved, and this application be presented at the regular meeting of the
Board of Commissioners on August 6, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

7-2-58