NOTICE OF CLAIM	Commissioner. Sharp moved the claim of the Gaudin Motor Company for damage to two

Gaudin Motor Company	automobiles on the showroom floor; which occurred February 11; 1959, when there was

an accident between a City Fire Truck and a car driven by Michael Hafen, be denied;
Denied	claim in the amount of $823.44.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

NOTICE OF CLAIM	Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Mrs. George Raster for personal injury

Mrs. George Raster	which occurred on July 6, 195*9, in Squire's Park when a limb of a tree fell, striking 

here on the left shoulder and arm, be denied; no amount specified on this claim.

Denied

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

PURCHASE REQUISITION	Director of	Public Works Sauer	requested approval of purchase	requisition for the

Painting Roof of	application	of aluminum pigment paint to the roof of the City	Hall to the DiBiase

City Hall	Contracting	Company, 345 West	Colorado Street, in the amount	of $1,506.22.

Held in Abeyance	Mr. Sauer advised this was the	lowest informal bid received.	He further stated

the roof of the recreation hall and police station were also in need of a similar
coating; however, it was decided to request this just for the City Hall to see how
it would actually hold up. He continued that this was an asphalt base aluminum
paint with asbestos fibers.

Commissioner Sharp was of the opinion this would not do the job and stated the
School Board had experience with various surfacings which had proven very 
unsatisfactory and the cost was more to keep repainting than putting on a real good roof
in the first place. He doubted if any guarantee would be given that this surfacing
would hold up for any length of time. Mr. Sauer stated the roofs were not completely 
gone but was of the opinion such a surfacing would make the roof last.

It was decided to hold this matter for further investigation and study.

PURCHASE REQUISITION           The Commission considered a request from the Public Works Department for approval
Insecticide Machine	of purchase requisition for an insecticide machine for the Street Department to

the Buffalo Turbine Agricultural Equipment Company, Inc., Gowanda, New York, in
Approved	the estimated amount of $3,156.00.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Board the machine we now have would not do the
job as it could not be used very long at one time and it took the crew three days
to cover the City. He believed it could be sold for use in smaller area. Commissioner 
Whipple asked if it would be of any value to keep it for emergencies. Mr.
Kennedy suggested a possibility for its use at the prison farm but for emergencies
it would do no better than it did now.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request from the Public Works Department be approved
and authorization given for purchase requisition for an insecticide machine to the
Buffalo Turbine Agricultural Equipment Company, Inc., Gowanda, New York, in an
estimated amount of $3,156.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

THE WESTERNER	City Manager Kennedy presented a request of The Westerner Club, Inc., for the City

Change in Corporation	Commission to rescind their approval given July 1, 1959, for a change in corporation

Ownership	ownership, and approve the corporation ownership as it was prior to that date.

Approved	Mr. Kennedy advised the Board that on July 2, 1959, the new officers took over this

club and a few days later an error in the amount of $100,000.00 was discovered in
the legal papers covering the transaction, which could not be settled, and by
mutual agreement it was decided to revert back to the original owners. Mr. Kennedy
continued that the principals involved had been in to see him to discuss the matter.

Commissioner Fountain asked if it might not be necessary for them to make new 
application. Mr. Kennedy stated one of the corporate owners was included in the 
ownership both times and was of the opinion a new application would not be necessary
but they should be given thirty days in which to file a financial statement for the
Westerner Club, Inc., as well as a financial statement for each of the people that
are in the corporation.	^ -

Commissioner Fountain moved the approval given July 1, 1959, for a change in the
corporation ownership of The Westerner Club be rescinded and the corporation 
ownership as it was prior to that date be approved; and further that a financial 
statement for The Westerner Club, Inc., as well as a financial statement for each of the
people that are in the corporation, be filed with the City in thirty days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

NEVADA STATE DEPARTMENT       City Manager Kennedy presented a request received from Paul M. McCullough, Ph.D.,

OF HEALTH	State Clinical Psychologist, for an increase in the City's Participation in the

Special Children's Clinic                     Secretarial Salary for the Special Children's Clinic. The City's participation

last year was $1,826.00 and would be increased to $2,168.00, a difference of $342.00.

Participation Increased

for Secretary's Salary                     Commissioner Fountain moved the City's participation in the Secretarial Salary for

the Special Children's Clinic of the Nevada State Department of Health be increased
to $2,168.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

7-15-59