Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and Bid No.

58.07 awarded to the Ferris Chassis & Motor Service.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

BID NO. 58.17	The City Manager recommended that Bid No. 58.17 for	the furnishing of	a panel	delivery truck

Panel Truck	be awarded to the low bidder; Clark County Wholesale. He stated that	this is	the lowest bid

Award	that meets specifications.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Bid No. 58.17 be awarded to Clark County Wholesale in the
total amount of $2,119.08.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

BID NO. 58.18	Mr. Kennedy reported that the low bid on Bid No. 58.18 for a sedan or business coupe was

Sedan or Coupe	that of Todkill Lincoln-Mercury Inc. for an English Ford in the Total	amount of $1,463.02.

Award	The City Manager recommended that only one sedan be	purchased at this	time to	see how it works

out.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 58.18 for the purchase of one sedan be awarded to
Todkill Lincoln-Mercury; Inc. in the total amount of $1,463.02.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; Commissioner Bunker.

BID NO. 58.19	City Manager Kennedy reported that the best bid on Bid No. 58.19 for furnishing of  ½ Ton

½ Ton Pickups	Pickups was that of Clark County Wholesale in the amount of $1,709.14 each or $8,545.70 for

Held in	five.

Commissioner Sharp moved the award of this bid be held in abeyance for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

BID NO. 58.20	The City Manager reported on the bids for the furnishing of one cab and chassis to be used

Cab and Chassis	as a water wagon. He stated that the bid of Clark County Wholesale was in two parts—

Award	$6,783.71 for a one axle truck with a capacity of 2500 gallons and $8,998.48 for two axle

truck with a 3000 gallon capacity. He stated that it would be much preferable to purchase
the larger truck; which could eventually also be used as a flush truck.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 58.20 be awarded to Clark County Wholesale in the
total amount of $8,996.48.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

GENERAL FUND BALANCE The City Manager reported that the General Fund Balance is $1,028,552.66. He stated that

the gross payroll for this period is $108,433.48.

TREE TRIMMING	Mr. Kennedy reported that there are three departments presently requiring tree trimming—

Fire Alarm System; Street Lighting; and Park Department. He stated that this trimming is
being done by these departments with what equipment they have to work with; but it is not
satisfactory. He stated that proposals had been requested for a year contract; and the best
bid was that of Davey Tree Company who has a contract with the Power Company; in the Amount
of $3,320.00 per year. He stated that the other bid was $16,975.00 per year.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Managers recommendation be accepted; and a contract for
tree trimming for one year granted to the Davey Tree Service in the total amount of $3,320.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

CONFERENCE ATTENDANCE	Commissioner Bunker moved that the expenses for Mayor Pro Tem Whipple to attend the

Mayor Pro Tem	Conference of Mayors in Miami; Florida from September 10th to 14th; 1958 be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes; none. Not voting:	Commissioner

Whipple.

BOARD OF ZONING	Commissioner Bunker moved the resignation of Dave McCoig from the Board of Zoning Adjustment

ADJUSTMENT	be accepted; and a letter of thanks sent to Mr. McCoig for his service to the City.

Resignation

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noeS; none.

CATERPILLAR REPAIR	The City Manager requested permission to purchase parts for the repair of the Caterpillar

in the total amount of $1,696.52. Mr. Kennedy stated that this piece of equipment was
damaged by vandals, in that they put sugar in the gas tank.

Commissioner Fountain moved that a purchase order to Cashman Equipment Company in the total
amount of $1,696.52 for parts for the caterpillar be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

GRADER REPAIR	Mr. Kennedy requested authorization for the purchase of parts for repairs to the City's

Austin Western Grader. He stated that the cost of these parts would be $1,305.66.

Commissioner Whipple moved that a purchase order to Graid Equipment Company in the total
amount of $1,305.66 for parts for the grader be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

SHOVEL REPAIR	The City Manager requested approval of a purchase order for parts for the overhaul of a

Shovel. He stated the cost of these parts would be $1,665.33

8-20-58