property in said area for a reasonable period to allow for the completion of all required
planning for said project in an efficient, equitable, and economical manner, and the 
issuance of building permits for any purpose during said period will result in changed 
conditions which will prolong said planning for an unreasonable length of time.

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, that during the period from the adoption of this Resolution, to and including August,

1960, no Building Permit shall be issued for the construction of any new structure to be
erected or constructed upon any property located within the Madison School Project "Nev. R-6"
and during said period no Building Permit shall be issued for the making of any major improve-
ment of any property, building or structure located within said Madison School Project.

MOVED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 6th day of May, 1939.

i

s/ C. D. Baker
C. D. BAKER, MAYOR

ATTEST:

s/ Robert F. Boos	jj

ROBERT F. BOOS, ACTING CITY CLERK

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT (U-10-59)	The Commission considered the application of the Fraternal Order of Eagles for a use permit to

Fraternal Order of	construct and operate a quasi-public use, to wit: a lodge building on property located at

Eagles	1601 E. Washington Avenue, generally located at the northwest corner of Washington and Bruce,

legally described as a portion of the S½, SW¼, NW¼, Section 26, T20S, R61E, M.D.B. & M., in
Approved	an R-1 zone.

The property involved was conveyed to the Eagles by the City of Las Vegas and is situated
across the street from the Greater Las Vegas Subdivision. Improvement Agreement not signed
and bond not posted; however, the Eagles have indicated a willingness to do so but this 
cannot be done until the next lodge meeting.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of the Fraternal Order of Eagles for a use
permit to construct and operate a quasi-public use, to wit:	a lodge building on property

located at 1601 East Washington Avenue be approved as recommended by the Board of Zoning
Adjustment subject to the following conditions:

1.	Conformance to plot plan as submitted.

2.	Signing or an improvement agreement and posting of a bond for the installation of
offsite improvements as recommended by the Engineering Department.

3.	Conformance to the recommendations of the Fire Department relative to fire 
protection facilities.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT (U-11-59)	The Commission considered the application of Mrs. H. A. Carner for a use permit to allow Jean

Mrs. H. A. Carner	Arrendondo to operate a sewing shop as a customary home occupation at 225 S. 7th Street, 

legally described as Lots it and 3, Block 7, Wardie Addition in an R-4 Zone. There were no protests.

Approved

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Mrs. H. A. Carner for a use permit to allow Jean
Arrendondo to operate a sewing shop as a customary home occupation at 223 S. 7th Street be
approved as recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to the following conditions:

1.	That no sign of any type be permitted.

2.	That the operation be restricted to a service operation and that no selling of any
goods, material or finished products be permitted.

3.	Annual inspection by the License Division.

it. That the permit be restricted to Jean Arrendondo, be non-transferable, and that no
assistants be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE (V-6-59)	The Commission considered the application of Al Bramlett for a variance to build within a re-

Al Bramlett	required rear yard at 1117 Arrowhead Avenue, legally described as Lot 3, Block 30, Twin Lakes

Village #5, in an R-1 zone.

Approved

Denial recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment on the basis that this lot is of a 
lar shape and size, and there are no unique or special circumstances involved which dictate	-

that the owner of this lot should be permitted to build within the rear yard, a privilege
which is denied others by Ordinance. There were no protests.	H

Elmer Bruner, Architect, representing Mr. Bramlett, informed the Board that there was a 
hardship involved. He advised that Mr. Bramlett first applied to build according to ordinance
but now wished to attach the breezeway to the house to give him more of a rear yard. He 
mentioned the fact that an accessory building would be allowed to be built within 5 feet.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Al Bramlett for a variance to build within
a required rear yard at 1117 Arrowhead Avenue be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner Sharp voted no on the basis of the
recommendation for denial by the Board of Zoning Adjustment; however, he stated the opinion
that he thought the zoning ordinance should be revised.

5-6-59