BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

Western Avenue	The Commission considered the easement from the Batts Corporation for a 20 foot

Storm Drain	storm drain from Western Avenue to the Union Pacific Railroad property.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Reed
Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 22nd day of January, 1958, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement, dated
the 16 day of January, 1958, executed by Batts Corporation, a Nevada Corporation,
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of storm drain;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
easement, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

EASEMENT TO CITY	The Board considered the easement to the City of North Las Vegas for two parcels

OF NORTH LAS VEGAS	to cover existing sewer line location and meter stations area on City of Las

Vegas property into the Disposal Plant.

Commissioner Fountain moved this easement be granted to the City of North Las Vegas,
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHARITABLE	Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for charitable solicitation

SOLICITATION	permits, as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved and the

PERMITS	Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

FRIENDS OF YOUTH
AMERICAN LEGION POST #8

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING LICENSES	Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for additional gaming license

Additional	be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the 

licenses :

GOLDEN NUGGET	C.C.	King	129	Fremont	1	Poker

MIKE'S LIQUOR	STORE	J.J. Parker	112	South 1st	1	Pinball

SUNSET CAFE	Del	Barkhuff	415	W. Charleston	2	Slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	The Commission considered the application of N.C. Bradley and Richard J. Stevens

Change of Owner	for the Retail Beverage license at Bradley Food Market, 1054 South Main Street,

formerly issued to Mark Klein dba Klein's Market. Mr. Kennedy advised the 

Commission that the Police report is favorable.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of N.C. Bradley and Richard J. Stevens
for a Retail Beverage license at Bradley's Market, 1054 South Main Street be ap-
proved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the change of owner from Cecil Lynch to Robert Van
Santen at 109 Fremont Street of the tavern liquor license located in the building
formerly known as the Fortune Club.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application for change of ownership of Robert Van
Santen for the tavern liquor license at 109 Fremont Street be approved and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to change this license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Consideration was given to the application of the Loyal Order of Moose for a Club

New	Liquor license at 220 E. Charleston. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that the

Moose Lodge	investigation of I.B. McDermott was favorable.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of I.B. McDermott for a Club Liquor 
license for the Loyal Order of Mooseat 220 E. Charleston be approved and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING LICENSE	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of N.C. Bradley and Richard J. Stevens

Change of Owner	for license for 3 slot machines at Bradley Food Market, 1054 South Main Street be

approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

1-22-58