above mentioned and Buck's Subdivision, as shown in Book 1 of Plats, Page
15, recorded April 3, 1905, in the Office of the County Recorder, Clark
County, Nevada; thence North 0°09'30" West along the East line of the
Southwest One-Quarter (SW¼) of the Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of Section
34, a distance of 45.27 feet to the most southerly corner of Block "B",

Hawkins Addition; thence North 62°15'00" West along the northerly right-of-way 
line of Ogden Avenue a distance of 5.62 feet to the most westerly
corner of said Block "B", the true point of beginning; thence continuing
North 62°15'00" West along the northerly prolongation of the northerly
right-of-way line of Ogden Avenue a distance of 11.43 feet; thence North
26°30'59" East along the southerly prolongation of the Easterly right-of-way 
line of Sixth Street, as shown by map of Buck's Subdivision aforementioned, 
a distance of 33.56 feet to the most westerly comer of irregularly 
shaped Lot 8, Block 4, Buck's Subdivision; thence South 0°09'30"

East along the East line of the Southwest One-Quarter (SW¼) of the Northeast 
One-Quarter (NE¼) of Section 34, said line also being the common
boundaries of Buck's Subdivision and Hawkins Addition above mentioned, a
distance of 25.94 feet tothe most northerly comer of Block "B", Hawkins
Addition; thence South 27°41'27" West along the northwesterly line of said
Block "B", a distance of 10.63 feet to the true point of beginning, containing
 .006 acres more or less,

be and the same is hereby vacated.

DATED:	April 23, 1958

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time City Manager Kennedy arrived.

SALE OF PROPERTY	City Manager Kennedy presented an option of the Housing Authority of the City of

Housing Authority	Las Vegas to purchase land from the City, and explained that this property is approximately

	 8 acres located between Washington Avenue and the extension of McWilliams 

Avenue, adjacent to Marble Manor. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that
the most recent appraisal of this property set the value of the land at $3,000
per acre.

Commissioner Whipple moved the option for the Housing Authority to purchase this
property from the City of Las Vegas be approved, the Mayor and Clerk authorized to
sign same, and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, in the opinion of the Board of Commissioners, certain property owned
by the City adjacent to the present Marble Manor Housing Tract is not required for
the City's use; and

WHEREAS, the H using Authority of the City of Las Vegas desires an option to
purchase approximately eight acres of City owned land, and have prepared an option
for such purpose which will be in the public interest, for the City to sign;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a special meeting thereof held on the 23rd day of April, 1958, that
the Mayor and the City Clerk, be, and they hereby are empowered and directed to
sign said option.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CLARK COUNTY SCHOOL	The Commission again considered the request of the Clark County School District for

DISTRICT	acquisition of approximately 10 acres of land at the southeast comer of the intersection 

Acquisition of Land	of Stewart and 28th Streets.

No action was taken by the Commission on this request, and the City Manager was 
requested to get additional, information concerning the improvement of the access
streets.

RANCHO VISTA	Commissioner Bunker moved that the Board being satisfied that the Requirement of the

Tentative Map	Power Company for easement having been met, that the tentative map of Rancho Vista

	Subdivision be approved without any other conditions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 7:45 P.M.
Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

4-23-58