LIQUOR, GAMING & TOBACCO             Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Joe Boston to do business as the
Change of Owner	Cut Rate Liquor Store; 132 S. 5th Street; for Beer Bar and Package Store; 3 slots and

Cut Rate Liquor Store	Tobacco Licenses; be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue be authorized

to issue the licenses. Licenses are presently issued to Hughie Roach. Police report
Approved	is favorable on the applicant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

LIQUOR; GAMING & TOBACCO             Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of George Shung Ong; President; Silver
El Rio Club	State Ventures to do business as the El Rio Club; "H" and Revere; for Liquor; 5 slots

Change of Owner	and Tobacco Licenses be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue be authorized

And Change of Name	to issue the licenses. Licenses are presently issued to John Randrup doing business as

the El Rio Tavern; "H" and Revere. Police report is favorable on the applicant.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Suzanne L. Degnan for 50% interest	in

Additional Owner	the Restaurant Beverage License at the Bonanza Cafe; .410 W. Bonanza; be approved; and

Bonanza Cafe	the Supervisor of License and Revenue be authorized to issue the license. The other

owner of the Bonanza Cafe is Roland R. Michaud. Police report is favorable on the
Approved	applicant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications be approved and the Supervisor of

Additional	License and Revenue be authorized to issue the licenses:

Approved	MAYFAIR LIQUOR	1418 Fremont	J. J. Parker Co.	2 Cash Pinball

THE 19TH HOLE	1311 E. Charleston	United Coin Machine	Cash Pinball

SPORTS LIQUOR STORE	419	N. Main	Crown	Novelty	Co.	Cash	Pinball

THE 19TH HOLE	1311 E. Charleston Crown	Novelty	Co.	Cash	Pinball

THE MINT	110 Fremont	Milton Prell et al	Crap Table

BIRD CAGE CLUB	102	Fremont	M. W.	Fortney	5 Slots

FRIENDLY LIQUOR	616	W. Bonanza	Harry	C. Levy	Cash	Pinball

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

CIGARETTE APPLICATION	The Commission considered the application of John B. Winters; doing business as the B & W

New	Music Co.; for the licenses for cigarette machines which he has located at Hurvie's

Rotisserie; 1400 N. "E" Street and Mom's Kitchen; 504 Jackson. City Manager Kennedy stated
Denied	that this man is not licensed and that the Police Department recommends that this application

be denied.

Chief Sheffer spoke to the Commission in regard to the police investigation of Mr. Winters
with particular reference to arrests as cited in the report; the type of violations being
such that the Police Department definitely recommended that Mr. Winters not be licensed.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of John B. Winters doing business as the
B & W Music Company for cigarette licenses be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

RANCHO SQUARE TENTATIVE                   The Commissioner considered the Rancho Square Tentative Map submitted by R. J. Kaltenbom
MAP	and consisting of approximately 17 acres located at the southwest corner of Bonanza Road

and Rancho Road. Approval was recommended by the Planning Commission subject to the 
R. J. Kaltenbom	condition that the provisions for the drainage of Las Vegas Creek be in accordance with the

recommendations of the Director of Public Works and the Federal Housing Administrating.

Approved

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Rancho Square Tentative Map be approved subject to
the condition that the provisions for the drainage of Las Vegas Creek be in accordance
with the recommendations of the Director of Public Works and the Federal Housing Adminis-
tration.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

ONE-HOUR PARKING	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission that

Oakey Blvd.	the request of Mrs. Mildred Kishner; President; Strip Shopping Center; Inc.; and Harry

Between Main & 5th	Herzog; for a one-hour parking zone on both sides of Oakey between Main and 5th Streets

be approved.

Approved

Director of Planning Bills stated that all property owners on the north side presented
petition to the Traffic and Parking Commission and there is now on file a letter from
the owners of Market Town for a one-hour parking on the south side of the street also.

Commissioner Fountain moved that a one-hour parking zone on both sides of Oakey between
Main and 5th Streets be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

BID NO. 59.02	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Engineering Department that the Ideal

Street Improvements	Asphalt Paving Company; Inc.; 7800 East Charleston, be awarded the contract for Bid No.

Sunrise, Stewart &	59.02 for Street Improvements of portions of Sunrise Avenue, Stewart Avenue add 28th Street;

28th Street	for the low bid for both Parts I and II in the total amount of $24,497.00.

Award	Commissioner Bunker moved that contract for Bid No. 59.02 for Street Improvements of

Ideal Asphalt Paving	portions of Sunrise Avenue; Stewart Avenue and 28th Street in the total amount of $24,497.00

Company; Inc.	be awarded to the Ideal Asphalt Paving Company; Inc.; 7800 East Charleston.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

2-18-59