request of the Southern Nevada Memorial Hospital for installation of a traffic
signal at the intersection of West Charleston and Rancho Road denied, as 
recommended by the Traffic and Parking Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent-
Commissioner Whipple.

PASSENGER LOADING ZONE 	 The Commission considered the request of Msgr. James B. Empey of St. Joan of Arc
Catholic Church	Church at 315 South 2nd Street for a passenger loading zone on 2nd Street in front

of the Church property.

Planning Director Bills advised the Board that the Traffic and Parking Commission
recommended that a regulation be enacted to permit any house of worship to 
receive a passenger loading zone in front of the church entrance, not to exceed four
parking spaces, upon application to the Traffic and Parking Commission.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this recommendation. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Msgr. James B. Empey for a 
passenger loading zone in front of the St. Joan of Arc. Church be approved, and 
authorization given to the City Manager to approve applications for loading zones in
front of churches, not to exceed four parking spaces.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

DAWSON PARK TRACT NO. 3 	Consideration was given to the final map of Dawson Park Tract No. 3; Unit No. 2.
Unit No. 2 - Final 	Works Engineer Uehling advised the Commission that the Subdivision Agreement and
Map Approved	bond have been submitted, and checked by the City Attorney, and it is recommended

that this final map be approved.

Commissioner Sharp moved the final map of Dawson Park Tract No. 3; Unit No. 2, be
approved as submitted, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

SUNSET MANOR NO. 2 -	Works Engineer Uehling presented the request of Pioneer Builders, subdividers of

Extension of Time	Sunset Manor No. 2 for an extension of time to commence the off-site improvements.

Mr. Uehling reported that on May 7, 1958 the Commission approved an extension and
the subdivider was notified to commence this construction not later than July 1,
1958; however, the FHA has required the subdivider to submit revised house plans,
and it will require approximately 60 days additional time to obtain approval of
these plans. Mr. Uehling stated that it is the recommendation of the Department
of Public Works that a 60-day extension be granted for the start of construction,
and that all work be completed by January 31; 1959; provided that the bonding
company gives assurance that the bond will cover this period of construction.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and the subdividers
of Sunset Manor No. 2 be granted a sixty (60) day extension of time to commence
construction of the off-site improvements in this subdivision, subject to the
City Attorney checking and approving the bond on said subdivision.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

BID NO. 58.06 -	Works Engineer Uehling recommended that the low bid of Leslie P. Goebel, on Bid No.

Laundry Addition to 	58.06 for construction of the Laundry Addition to the Police Station be accepted
Police Station	in the total amount of $8,163.00.

Award

Commissioner Bunker moved that Bid No. 58.06 be awarded to Leslie P. Goebel in the
total amount of $8,163.00, and the contractor notified to proceed when the appropriate 
bond has been filed in the amount of 100% of the contract, and the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign said contract when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

BID NO. 58.08 -	The Works Engineer recommended that the low bid of A.G. Williams Exterminating

Pest Control Service	Company for the furnishing of Pest Control Service to the City of Las Vegas for

Award	the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1958, be accepted and that a performance bond

in the amount of $500.00 be required.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 58.08 for the furnishing of Pest Control
Service to the City be awarded to A.G. Williams Exterminating Company in the total
amount of $792.00 subject to the posting of a bond in the amount of $500.00, and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

BID NO. 58.09	Works Engineer Uehling recommended that the bid of Osborne Electric for the furnishing 

Electric Lamps	of electric lamps for the fiscal, year commencing July 1, 1958, be accepted.

Award	Mr. Uehling explained that the bid was submitted on a basis of $100.00 of the List

Price, with deductions for Federal excise tax, and a discount of 42%.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 58.09 for the furnishing of Electric
Lamps be awarded to Osborne Electric.

6-18-58