Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION 	Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for Charitable Solicitation
PERMITS	Permits be approved as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board; and the

Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

Whirlaways

Rainbow Girls Mother's Club
Friends of Youth

Gorman High Boosters & PTA Mother's Club
Municipal Golf Club Ladies Auxiliary
Variety Club

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: 

Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noeS; none.

LIQUOR LICENSES	Mr. Kennedy reported that the Police Investigation of George Richert; applicant

Change of Owner	for the tavern license at the Dog House Bar; 123 South 2nd Street; presently issued 

Dog House Bar	to John R. McCorkle and Albert J. Pokol; is favorable.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of George Richert for the tavern license 
at the Dog House Bar; 123 South 2nd Street be approved and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noeS; none.

Esquire Lounge	The Commission considered the application of Reed Snitker for the tavern license

	for the Esquire Lounge; 120 South 2nd Street; presently issued to Isadore Bernson.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Police investigation on
Mr. Snitker was favorable; and it was recommended that the application be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Reed Snitker for the tavern license 
at the Esquire Lounge; 120 South 2nd Street be approved and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: 

Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

LIQUOR LICENSES	Consideration was given to the application of Arlene Crain for a Restaurant

New	Beverage license at Crains Cafe; 1617 Fremont. The City Manager reported that

Crains Cafe	the Police Investigation was favorable; but that the report from the Building

Department show there should be an additional restroom.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Arlene Crain for a Restaurant
Beverage license at Crains Cafe; 1617 Fremont be approved; subject to the 
installation of an additional restroom.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

Hickory Wood	The Commission considered the application of Drexel Denton for a Service Bar license 

Barbeque	at the Hickory Wood Barbeque; 315 Fremont Street. Mr. Kennedy reported

	that at the present time Service Bars are permitted only in a C-2 zone; and Mr.

Denton's business is located in a C-2 zone.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application be held in abeyance; and the City 
Attorney instructed to prepare an amendment to the Planning Ordinance to permit
the issuance of Service Bar licenses in C-2 zones.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

Blue Heaven	Consideration was given to the application of Cecil Lynch and Lee Glenn for transfer 

of the tavern license issued to Canosa Inc.; Lucky 13 at 13 Fremont to the
Blue Heaven; 2025 E. Charleston.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for transfer be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain.

The City Attorney advised the Commission that he did not believe this license
could legally be transferred since there was no release of the license by the
Canosa Corporation.

Commissioner Bunker withdrew his motion and Commissioner Fountain withdrew his
second.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 18755 through 19292 in the

net amount of $75,032.27 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 498 through

WARRANTS	636 in the total amount of $114,228.19 be approved.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

CLAIM FOR DAMAGE	Commissioner Sharp moved the claim of Doris N. Cordell in the amount of $25,000.00

Doris N. Cordell	for injuries when she fell in a hole in the sidewalk in front of the Showboat Hotel

Denied	on December 17, 1957 be denied.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

2-19-58