CIGARETTE APPLICATION           City Manager Kennedy advised the Board that this type of sale was stopped in the case of the

ice cream trucks. Commissioner Whipple then stated that as a matter of policy and to prevent
George's Chuck Wagon             similar applications of allied businesses he believed that this application should be denied.

Continued	Commissioner Sharp agreed with this; however, stated that this was in no way a reflection on the

owners.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of George Bramley et al 2546 E. Charleston Blvd.
for cigarette license for George's Chuck Wagons be denied as recommended by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CIGARETTE APPLICATION	Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Fred Eaves for a cigarette license at the Fred

New	Eaves Richfield Service, 1415 Fremont, be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue

Fred Eaves Richfield                    authorized to issue the license. Police report was favorable on the applicant.

Service

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners	

Approved	Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SECOND HAND FURNITURE      Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Herbert Tobman and Julius Corn for a second
City Furniture Exchange             Hand Furniture License at the City Furniture Exchange, 830 S. Main, be approved and the

Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license. Police report was favorable
Approved	on the applicants.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.	t

PRIVATE DETECTIVE	Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Jack	K. Carter for a Private Detective

Las Vegas Collection	License at the Las Vegas Collection & Adjusting Bureau,	307 Wall Street, be	approved and the

& Adjusting Bureau	Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license. Police Report was favorable

on the applicant.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Fountain,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PRIVATE DETECTIVE	Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Elias R	Grey for a Private	Detective License

National Collection	at the National Collection & Credit Bureau, 403 S. Main,	be approved and the	Supervisor of

& Credit Bureau	License and Revenue authorized to issue the license. Police report was favorable on the

applicant.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING (Z-1a-59)	The Commission considered the application of the Elk's Lodge for the reclassification of

Elks Lodge	property, generally located on the north side of East Bonanza between 5th and 7th Streets,

legally described as a portion of S½, SE¼, SE¼, Section 27, T20S, R61E, from R-2 to C-1.

Approved

Approval was recommended by the Planning Commission. There were no protests. A spokesman
for the Elk's Lodge stated at the Planning Commission Meeting that they would dedicate an alley
to the rear of this property. Action on the parcel south of Bonanza Road was deferred by the
Planning Commission pending further study.	*

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of the Elk's Lodge for the reclassification of
property generally located on the north side of East Bonanza between 5th and 7th Streets, legally
described as a portion of S½, SE¼, SE¼, Section 27, T20S, R61E, from R-2 to C-1 be approved
subject to the dedication of an alley to the rear of this property.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING (Z-8-59)	Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Louis Miranti for the reclassification of

Louis Miranti	property bounded by Decatur, Vegas Drive, Washington Avenue and the City Limits, legally

described as the NE¼, Section 25; T20S, R60E, M. D. B. & M., from R-E to R-1 be approved and
Approved	the City Attorney instructed to prepare the necessary ordinance. (This is the location of the

proposed Golfridge Terrace Subdivision.)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners 

Fountain, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker declared his interest in this
property and voted aye.

GOLFRIDGE TERRACE #1           The Commission considered the acceptance of the tentative map for Golfridge Terrace #1 
Tentative Map	submitted by Louis Miranti, located generally on the northwest corner of Washington Avenue and

Decatur, comprised of approximately 15 acres. The developer proposes to use a private water	<<

Approved	company for the water supply.	H

Commissioner Sharp moved that the tentative map for Golfridge Terrace #1 be approved as recom-
mended by the Planning Commission subject to the conditions that Mr. Miranti submit a bond
sufficient in amount to assure an adequate water supply for a period of at least 10 years,
together with letters from the State Engineer and the Public Service Commission stating authority
and permission to operate a private water company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners 

Fountain, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker declared his interest in this
property and voted aye.	]

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for Public Hearing on the Assessment Roll for Assessment

Assessment Roll 100-43	District 100-43, Street Lighting on Main Street from Bonanza to Owens, His Honor Mayor Baker

Street Lighting; Main	asked if there were any protests to this Assessment Roll and there were none.

Bonanza to Owens

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Assessment Roll for Assessment District 100-43 as filed
Approved	with the City Clerk be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Fountain,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

5-6-59