11-20-57

All that portion of "A" Street, 50 feet in width, formerly
known as Railroad. Avenue, and. lying between Lot 8, Block 2
and. Lot 7; Block 33; extending southerly from the North
line of said, lots, to the North Right-of-Way line of Bonanza
Road, formerly known as Clark Avenue, as shown by map there-
in of Amended Original Plat of Las Vegas Townsite, recorded
in Book 1 of Plats, Page 17-B, in the Office of the County
Recorder, Clark County, Nevada.

be and the same is hereby vacated.

DATED:	November 20, 1957

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

	REZONING - Z-8-57 Consideration was given to the application of Art Ham, Jr., representing the Emerson
Emerson Investment Investment Company for the rezoning of Lots 1 through 7; Block 2, Meadows Addition,

Blk 2, Meadows Addn. from R-4 to C-1.

/

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that the Planning Commission recommended 

that this application be denied. Mr. Bills stated that the Planning Commission felt that this would 

be an unwarranted intrusion of a heavy commercial use into a well developed apartment house area.

	

Mr. Emerson of the Emerson Investment Company was present and advised the Commission that 

his company has a lease with the Hertz U-Drive Company which runs for
more than thirteen years. He stated that Hertz would like to have an additional
fifty feet so that they can construct a $100,000 building on this property. Mr.

Emerson stated that all they actually need at this time is the rezoning of Lots 6
and 7 of Block 2, Meadows Addition.

The matter was taken under advisement for final action later in the meeting.

REZONING - Z-11-57	The Commission considered the application of Albert Lesky for rezoning of Lots 23 and

Albert Lesky	24, Block 8, Meadows Addition from R-4 to C-2. Mr. Bills advised the Board that the

Block 8, Meadows Addn.Planning Commission had denied this application on the basis that this reclassification
	 is not justified and would most certainly result in continued and successive

applications and even greater intrusions into this apartment zone.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to speak on this application.

No one appeared.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission
be accepted and the application of Albert Lesky for rezoning of Lots 23 and 24, Block
8, Meadows Addition from R-4 to C-2 be denied.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

	REZONING - Z-12-57 At this time the Commission considered the application of Leigh Hunt and Thomas A.

Hunt & Campbell Campbell for the rezoning of Lot 10,Block 3; South 5th Street Tract No. 1 from R-4
So. 5th Street-Tract to C-2.

No.1

Planning Director Bills advised the Board that the Planning Commission denied this
application on the basis that this type of zoning by lots instead of by areas is
basically inequitable. Mr. Bills stated that the prospective purchaser has indicated
plans to put a hotel employee parking lot and gasolene filling station on this property,
and the Planning Commission does not feel there is any justification for the construction 

of an additional service station in this area.

Mr. Robert Bigelow appeared on behalf of the applicant, and requested approval of this
application.

At the hour of 8:45 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 9:05 P.M.
with all members present except Commissioner Fountain.

REZONING - Z-8-57 Commissioner Bunker moved that Lots 6 and 7 of Block 2, Meadows Addition be rezoned
Block 2, Meadows Addn. from R-4 to C-1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Fountain.

	REZONING -Z-12-57	Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted

South 5th Street	and the application of Leigh Hunt and Thomas A. Campbell for rezoning of Lot 10,

Tract No. 1	Block 3; South 5th Street Tract No. 1 from R-4 to C-2 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners	 Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker.

Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

VACATION PETITION Consideration was given to the petition for the vacation of a 40 foot strip on the
	East Charleston	north and south sides of Charleston Boulevard from 15th Street to Fremont Street.

Planning Director Bills advised the Board that the Planning Commission recommended
this petition for approval, subject to the following conditions:

1.	That provision be made for dedication and improvement of the alleys
at the rear of all properties fronting on Charleston.

2.	That provision be made for removal of all utilities from the land to
be vacated.

Mayor Baker stated that in view of the fact that the Christmas holidays are coming
up, it might be well to postpone the setting of the public hearing on the proposed
vacation.