ACTING MAYOR	Commissioner Sharp moved that in the absence of Mayor Baker and Mayor Pro Tem

Whipple from June 19th to June 23rd, 1958, Commissioner Bunker be elected as
Acting Mayor.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

VARIANCE (V-6-58)	City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that the record shows that on June

John Replogle	4, 1958 the Board approved the application of John Replogle for variance to

Sidewalk Requirement	build a dwelling on an undersized lot at 214 Circle Drive, subject to the signing

of an agreement and posting of a performance bond for the installation of
(See Page 159)	a sidewalk; and since the Board has earlier in this meeting acted to delete this

particular condition, a motion should be made to correct the same.

Commissioner Sharp moved the action of the Commission on June 4, 1958 relative
to the granting of Variance V-6-58 be corrected to show that this variance is
granted subject to the installation of a driveway and on the further condition
that Mr. Replogle file a letter that Mr. Replogle file a letter with the City
stating that he is willing to enter into an assessment or improvement district
for the installation of sidewalks in this area when the City determines that
sidewalks are required.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

PAY PLAN	Commissioner Bunker stated that he felt that the proposed pay plan should be 

discussed before the first of July, and he personally felt that the City cannot wait
any longer.

City Manager Kennedy stated that at the time of the adoption of the 1958-59 
Fiscal year Budget funds had been included to adopt the recommended Pay Plan within
the limits of the available funds. The total cost of adopting the complete 
recommendations would have been approximately $200,000.00. The recommendations were
provided for in the Budget on a modified basis which would cost approximately
$80,000 the first year.

The recommended Pay Plan is a 5 step plan, the same as the existing Pay Plan. In
the present Pay Plan an employee is hired on the first step and is eligible for
the second step at the end of 6 months, and eligible for the third, fourth and
fifth steps one year after going to the second step. In the recommended Pay
Plan, employees will be hired at the first step and became eligible for the 
second, third, fourth and fifth steps after service of one year in each step.

Generally, personnel have been placed in the recommended schedules at that salary
which is either equal, to or nearest above the salary received under the present
schedules. Personnel presently at a salary greater than the maximum of the 
recommended salary are not reduced in salary but held at their present salary. During
the Fiscal year 1958-59 personnel will generally be eligible for a subsequent
step increase depending on their service in grade under the new service time 
requirements of one year's service between eligibility for each step of the plan.
Certain arbitrary decisions had to be made that do not quite correspond to general
policy; however, wherever this had to be done it was done in the interest of
equity and consistent with the problem of availability of funds.

Mr. Kennedy pointed out that in regard to the foregoing the majority of the 
employees are receiving a salary increase; however, some employees will be frozen
at the amount they are making because their present salary is greater than the
top of the recommended schedule; some employees will initially receive the same
salary as they are now making because their amount of service is such that they
are not initially entitled to an increase, and that in a few instances salaries
will be slightly reduced due to a change in the hours worked.

In regard to the question of the Police Department and Fire Department Schedules,
the Public Administration Service recommendation on the Police Department was as
follows:

Position	Schedule

Police Chief	42

Asst. Chief	     36

Lieutenant	33

Sergeant	30

Patrolman	27

Public Service Administration recommendation on the Fire Department was as 
follows:

Position	Schedule

Fire Chief	40

Asst. Chief	34

Battalion Chief	32

Captain	29

Engineer	27

Fireman	26

The question of raising the Fire Department Schedules as recommended in the 
Survey so that the Fire positions would be essentially the same as the Police 
Department positions, would result in the following schedule:

Position	Schedule

Chief	42

Asst. Chief	36

Battalion Chief	33

Captain	30

Engineer	28

Fireman	27

6-18-58