RESOLUTION OF COMMENDATION Acting City Clerk Robert F. Boos, read a resolution of commendation to Brigadier
Brig. Gen. James C. McGhee             General James C. McGhee, Commanding General of Nellis Air Force Base, commending

him for his unselfish public service and expressing regret of his leaving this area
Adopted	for another assignment.

Commissioner Fountain suggested that a copy of this resolution be sent to the proper
authorities in the Pentagon as well as the two U. S. Senators from the State of
Nevada.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the following resolution be adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has received notice
that BRIGADIER GENERAL JAMES C. MCGEHEE, Commanding General of Nellis Air Force
Base is about to relinquish his command at said base and will be departing for his
new assignment in Saudi Arabia; and

WHEREAS, General McGehee took command of Nellis Air Force Base in January, 1956,
and will relinquish his command on or about the 25th day of May, 1959; and

WHEREAS, said General McGehee has worked in close cooperation with city 
officials and many local organizations and has well and honorably served in this area,
and is a devoted servant to efficient and responsible administration;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 20th day of May, 1959, that General
McGehee be informed of our regret of his relinquishment of command in this area, and
of our interest in his future success, and of our confidence in his ability to serve
in his future capacity in an excellent and faithful manner.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that he be commended and thanked for his unselfish public
service, and that a copy of this resolution be spread on the minutes of the meeting
of the Board of Commissioners, and a copy of said resolution be forwarded to Brigadier
General James C. McGehee.

DATED this 20th day of May, 1959.

/s/ Reed Whipple
Mayor Pro Tem

ATTEST:

/s/ R. F. Boos
Acting City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none.

BID NO. 59.22	City Manager Kennedy advised the Board that there was very little time between now

Electrical Wiring to                     and hot weather especially with reference to the paving of Highland Drive, and that
Golf Course Reservoir                 the Director of Public Works wished to request the award of the bids opened earlier
Pumps	in this meeting.

Award - Acme Electric                   Director of Public Works Sauer recommended that Bid No. 59.22 for the Electrical

Wiring to Golf Course Reservoir Pumps be awarded to the Acme Electric, 308 Wall
(Refer to bid opening                      Street, in the amount of $5,150.00. This was the only bid received. The engineer's
on page 403 of these                   estimate for this work was $5,400.00.
minutes)

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 59.22 for Electrical Wiring to Golf Course
Reservoir Pumps be awarded to the Acme Electric, 308 Wall Street, in the amount of
$5,150.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

BID NO. 59.20	Director of Public Works Sauer recommended that Bid No. 59.20 for the paving of

Paving Highland Drive,	Highland Drive from Charleston Boulevard to Washington, be awarded to the Wells

Charleston to Washington               Cargo, Inc., in the amount of $15,081.80. He stated that this was the lowest of

the three bids received and that the engineer's estimate for this paving was
Award - Wells Cargo, Inc.                  $15,000.00.

(Refer to bid opening on	Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 59.20 for	the paving of	Highland Drive from

page 403 of these minutes)	Charleston Boulevard to Washington be	awarded to Wells Cargo,	Inc., in the amount

of $15,081.80.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

BID NO. 59.21	 Director of Public Works Sauer recommended that Bid No. 59.21 for blowsand for the

Blowsand; Hyde Park 	Hyde Park Recreation Area and Swimming	Pool Area	be awarded to	H. W. Polk in the

Recreation Area and Swimming	amount of $3,420.00. He stated that this is for	3000 cu. yds.	of blowsand and the

Pool Area	engineer's estimate was $3,000.00.

Award - H. W. Polk                     Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 59.21 for blowsand for the Hyde Park Recreation

Area and Swimming Pool Area be awarded to H. W. Polk in the amount of $3,420.00.

(Refer to bid opening on
page 403 of these minutes)

5-20-59