Commissioner Sharp moved the application of the U. S. Department of Agriculture
for a use permit to conduct a Forest Service facilities at 1217 Bridger Avenue
he approved as recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the
following conditions:

1.	Conformance to the plot plan as amended.

2.	That the use be restricted to the existing buildings and confined to the
Forest Service facilities only.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

USE PERMIT U-26-39	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Jean Kirwin and George H. Kirwin

Jean & George	for a use permit to conduct a home for the aged at 2215 Fairfield Avenue, between

Kirwin	Baltimore Avenue and Cleveland Avenue, legally described as Lots 40, 41 and 42,

Block 3; Meadows Addition, in an R-4 zone, be approved as recommended by the
Approved	Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the following conditions:

1.	Conformance to the requirements of the Fire Department, which involves
compliance with group "D" occupancy.

2.	Compliance with the Clark County Board of Health regulations.

3.       That occupancy be in compliance with the conditions as set forth in all
City, County and State regulations.

4.       Signing of an agreement to enter into an assessment district for the
installation of street lights and/or alley paving when and if such a
district is formed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

USE PERMIT U-27-59	The Commission considered the application of Mrs. Vern Howard for a use permit

Mrs. Vern Howard	to allow Frederika M. Singer to conduct a private school of music for the

instruction of piano, accordion and guitar at 242 Boston Avenue, between
Referred to Board of	Industrial Road and Fairfield, legally described as Lots 18 and 19, Block 13,

Zoning Adjustment	Meadows Addition, in an R-4 zone.

Approval of this application was recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment,
subject to certain conditions. Planning Director Bills advised the Board of
Zoning Adjustment was guided in their recommendation by the location of this
property, which was the last parcel zoned R-4 and was adjacent to industrial
zoning. He added there were two present at the hearing in protest and three
letters of protest.

Mr. William D. Cooper, 236 W. Boston, addressed the Commission and presented a
petition of 20 people who were opposed to this school at this location. He
further advised the Commissi on that he had just been informed that Mrs. Howard's
property had been sold to a Mr. Carliss about 2½ weeks ago -- having received
this information from Mr. Carliss himself. He also stated this new owner was
unable to be at this meeting tonight, but he had told him he would like to see
this application denied.

Frederika Singer stated that of her present five students, three of them took
their lessons in their homes; furthermore, the lessons would be given later in
the day, due to the fact the children were in school. Commissioner Whipple said
if this application was approved as submitted, she would be able to have more
students, and Miss Singer agreed with this; however, she advised many would be
taught in their own homes.

Planning Director Bills stated that when this application was approved by the
Board of Zoning Adjustment, he was sure they did not realize the number of
protestants, and, certainly, the question of ownership of this property was not
given to this Board in any form; therefore, he requested this matter be
referred back to the Board of Zoning Adjustment.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Mrs. Vern Howard for a use permit
to allow Frederika M. Singer to conduct a private music school at 242 Boston
Avenue be referred back to the Board of Zoning Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

REZONING Z-26-59	The Commission again considered the application of Thomas T. Beam for 

Thomas T. Beam	reclassification of property located on the southwest corner of 25th Street and Bonanza,

from R-1 and R-3 to C-1. This item was held in abeyance at the last regular
Denied	meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held October 23, 1959, and at a joint

meeting of the Board of City Commissioners and the Planning Commission held
October 27, 1959, the Planning Commission again recommended denial of this
rezoning application.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Thomas T. Beam for reclassification
of property located on the southwest corner of 25th Street and Bonanza, from
R-1 and R-3 to C-1, be denied as recommended by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

-0O0-

At the hour of 8:20 P.M. this meeting was recessed and reconvened at the hour of
8:30 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

-0O0-

11-4-59