RESOLUTION ACCEPTING	Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from the Redrock Baptist Church

DEEDS	for dedication of portions of Upland Boulevard and Fir Avenue.

Upland & Fir

	On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and

carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple,
and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of May, 1958, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 6th day of February, 1958, executed by Red Rock Baptist Church of Las Vegas,
Nevada by Rev. Wayne White, Ralph C. Loden, and Leonard B. Walden, Trustees
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of street;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
Deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

EASEMENT TO POWER	The Commission considered the easement from the City of Las Vegas to the Southern

COMPANY	Nevada Power Company for a 10 foot easement from Manning Avenue easterly to the

Batch Plant	City's Batch Plant.



Commissioner Fountain moved that a 10 foot easement from Manning Avenue easterly
to the City's Batch Plant be granted to the Southern Nevada Power Company, and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING 	The Board considered the quitclaim deed from Ray W. and Myrtle B. Hyland for a
DEED	portion of an alley in the Lawrence Love Tract.

Alley-Lawrence Love

Tract	On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and

	carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain,
and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of May, 1958, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 19th day of February, 1958, executed by Ray W. Highland and Myrtle Burt
Hyland, husband and wife, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes of alley; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

Atlantic Street	Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from the Showboat Hotel Corp. for

	a portion of the east half of Atlantic Street.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and 
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp,
and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of May, 1958, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 17th day of April, 1958, executed by Showboat Hotel Corp., by Harry N. Miles,
President and J.R. Henderson, Secretary to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

PURCHASE OF CITY	The request of Dr. Ross Sutherland to purchase the Huntridge Fire Station property

PROPERTY	from the City was considered by the Board.

Huntridge Fire

Station	Mr. William Morse, representing Dr. Sutherland appeared before the Board at this

	time and stated that the proposal is to lease at $600.00 per month, with an option 

to buy within five years. Mr. Morse said that the offer is to purchase this
property for $65,000.00, the rental to be applied on the purchase price. He 
explained that it is planned to construct an emergency hospital, which will be fully
equipped, and estimated to cost approximately $125,000.00. Mr. Morse further
stated that they were aware of the fact that the City has a two year lease with
The County for this building, and have been advised by the County that they would
be willing to move if Dr. Sutherland can find them suitable facilities in this
area at the same monthly rental.

5-7-58