GAMING LICENSES	Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for additional gaming 

Additional	licenses be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to 

	issue the licenses:

CECIL LYNCH'S FORTUNE	CLUB	Cecil Lynch	22 Fremont	1	slot

CECIL LYNCH'S FORTUNE	CLUB	United Coin Machine	22 Fremont	2	Pinballs

BOTTLE HOUSE	Floyd J. Cope	827 South 5th	1	slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain and Mayor Baker.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Consideration was given to the application of Norma T. Eckhardt for the Package

Change of Owner	Liquor license at The Pub, 1216 South Main Street, presently issued to Lester

Goldring. City Manager Kennedy reported that the Police investigation of Mrs.

The Pub	Eckhardt was favorable.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Norma T. Eckhardt for the Package
Liquor license at The Pub, 1216 South Main Street be approved and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker asked that the Police Department make sure that Mrs. Eckhardt
is informed of her responsibilities in connection with the issuance of this license.

Nevada Liquors	The Commission considered the application of Joseph S. Reed for the Package Liquor

license at Nevada Liquors, presently issued to John L. Funk. Mr. Kennedy advised
the Board that the Police report on this applicant was favorable.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Joseph S. Reed for the Package
Liquor license at Nevada Liquors, 210$ Fremont Street be approved, and the 
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

Pinky's Liquors	The application of Frank and Elnore Imperato for the Package Liquor license of

Pinky's Liquors was considered. The City Manager reported that the Police 
investigation of these applicants was favorable.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Frank and Elnore Imperato for the
Package Liquor license at Pinky's Liquors, 1232 South 5th Street be approved, and
the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issued the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

GAMING LICENSES	Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for gaming licenses be ap-

Change of Owners	proved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses;

THE PUB	Norma T. Eckhardt	1216	South Main	7	slots

PINKY'S	Frank & Elnore Imperato	1232	South 5th	5	slots

NEVADA LIQUORS	Joseph S. Reed	2109	Fremont	4	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

LOCKSMITH LICENSE	City Manager Kennedy reported that the Police investigation of William Bierley and

	Elzie N. Ferrell for a locksmith license was favorable.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of William Bierley and Elzie N. Ferrell
for a locksmith license at the City Lock Shop, 211 North 3rd Street be approved
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

CIGARETTE LICENSES	The Commission considered applications for license for the retail sale of cigarettes

 and tobacco products. City Manager Kennedy advised the Board that the
Police report on Roy Riller's application for a license at The Rocket, 504 Jackson 
was unfavorable, and it was the recommendation that this license not be 
approved.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for cigarette licenses be
approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the 
licenses :

THE PUB	1216	South	Main	Norma T. Eckhardt

PINKY'S	1232	South	5th	Frank Imperato

NEVADA LIQUORS	2109 Fremont	Joseph S. Reed

STEARNS BUILDING	119	South	4th	Sutton Vending

LONGHORN BARBECUE	120	North	2nd	Sutton Vending

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

3-19-58