1.	No signs or advertisements be visible from the outside.

2.	Sale of goods be restricted to prescription drugs only.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

REZONING (Z-15-58)	The Commission considered the application of Horace Heidt for the reclassification of

Horace Heidt	Lots 1 to 8 inclusive, Block 4, Biltmore Addition, from R-2 to C-2. The Planning

Commission recommended approval to this application with the amendment that it be
Approved	a change to C-1 and not C-2, limited, however, as provided in Chapter 24, Section 20,

Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, and as amended by Ordinance No. 696, and subject
to plans as submitted by the applicant on the 16th day of January, 1959; which plans
are on file in the Planning Department of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Director of Planning, Franklin Bills, explained to the Commission that this is the
Desert Air Shopping Center and pointed out the location on the map. He further
explained that C-1 classification gives more control inasmuch as it designates a
specific use for a specific plan. He stated the parking arrangement is being planned
with City Traffic and Parking Department.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Horace Heidt: for the reclassification
of Lots 1 to 8 inclusive, Block 4, Biltmore Addition, from R-2 to C-1 with limitations
as recommended by the Planning Commission be approved and the City Attorney instructed
to prepare the ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

GENERAL STREET & DRAINAGE           General street and drainage plan for the SE¼ of the NW¼, Section 2, T21S, R61E,

PLAN	generally described as that area between Franklin and Bracken Avenue and 15th and

Smitley & Blasco Property                  17th Streets, has been prepared jointly by the Planning and Engineering Departments

in accordance with the directive of the City Commission at their regular meeting
Approved	held January 7, 1959, and presents a street pattern that is acceptable both from a

drainage and traffic flow viewpoint.

The Planning Commission approved the plan after Paul Smitley and Joseph Blasco,
principal property owners and applicants for subdivision, advised the Planning 
Commission that they were in agreement with the proposed plan.

Director of Planning Franklin J. Bills stated that this matter is before the City
Commission for approval as a general plan, not as a subdivision. Subsequent 
subdivision plans would have to coincide with this plan, if it is adopted. He stated
it will provide for proper drainage in the area and includes the easement for the
Blasco property.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the general street and drainage plan for the SE¼ of
NW¼, Section 2, T21S, R61E, generally described as that area between Franklin and
Bracken Avenues and 15th and 17th Streets, as prepared by the Planning and Engineering
Department be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

ABANDONMENT - TONOPAH	Petition of property owners and letter from the Clark County School District re-

DRIVE BETWEEN WASHINGTON	questing vacation of Tonopah Drive between Washington and Fair Avenues which separates

& FAIR AVENUES	School District property in Bonanza Village and Twin Lakes Village Unit #6, which

the School District proposed to use as a functional unit. Due to the fact that there
(Cont'd later in these	are several utility lines in this right-of-way, and that it also serves as a drainage

minutes)	channel for a limited area, the Planning Commission feels that it is inadvisable to

vacate this portion of the street.

As an alternative, the Planning Commission recommends that this portion of Tonopah
Drive be abandoned as a traffic-way subject to a stipulation that the Clark County
School District remove existing curbs and install new curbs and additional paving
on Mezpah Street between Washington and Fair, and on Fair Avenue between Mezpah and
Tonopah Drive, to provide for a 60' right-of-way with a 50' curb-to-curb paving, in
accordance with approved city standards and specifications for a collector street.

It was requested the Commission set a date for a Public Hearing as required by State
Law.

There is a petition on file in the City Clerk's Office protesting the closing of
this street and also a letter from the Las Vegas Valley Water District opposing this
action.

Mr. George E. Harris, Assistant Superintendent of the Clark County School District was
present and Commissioner Whipple asked him if the School Board had considered selling
the property in Twin Lakes Village Unit #6 and buying the property to the north of
Bonanza School and then it would not be necessary to close Tonopah Drive. He stated
that if Tonopah Drive was closed it would be necessary in cases of emergency for
police cars and fire trucks to go around Tonopah Drive and that this would not be
good planning.

Mr. Harris replied that they had not considered the property to the north inasmuch
as it was their understanding that the plan to eventually close Tonopah had the approval
of the Planning Commission and the City Commission at the time of the approval of Twin
Lakes Village Unit #6 subdivision, and they did not anticipate any controversy when the
time came to develop this area for use of the school.

Mr. Harris made reference to his letter of November 10, 1955 to Planning Director
Franklin Bills wherein this plan was outlined, and asked if this was impossible for
good planning, to let them know and they would have to make some other arrangement
for school site selection, and it was indicated at that time that this street could
be vacated or closed when the school expanded.

2-4-59