Longley Construction Co. Inc.	Part A & B	$ 19,178.40

421 W. Bonanza Road	Part	A	12,463.40

P. 0. Box 2104	Part	B	(No Bid)

J. A. Tiberti Construction Co.	Part A & B	$ 25,203.30

1818 Industrial Road	Part	A	15,942.30

Part B	9,261.00

Commissioner Fountain moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID OPENING NO. 59.14	This being the time heretofore set for the bid opening of Bid No. 59.14 for Municipal Golf

Municipal Golf Course	Course Reservoir Pumphouse and there being no bids received, Director of Public Works

Reservoir Pumphouse	Sauer stated that inasmuch as this bid had been advertised and five letters sent out to

prospective bidders and that this pumphouse is required in order to finish the Golf Course
Negotiate	Reservoir, it is requested that the Department of Public Works be allowed to negotiate for

the construction of this Pumphouse.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the Director of Public Works be authorized to negotiate
for the construction of the Municipal Golf Course Reservoir Pumphouse as long as the price
is within the original estimated amount.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID OPENING NO. 59.16	This being the time heretofore set for the bid opening of Bid No. 59.16 for	construction

Construction of Retaining	of Retaining Walls at Hadland Park, the following bid was received:

Walls at Hadland Park

Lembke Construction Co. of Nevada Inc. $ 6,314.00

Referred to Public Works

Commissioner Sharp moved that the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager and Director
of Public Works for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID OPENING NO. 59.17	Director of Public Works Sauer requested postponement for the opening of Bid No. 59.17 to

Sprinkling System Hyde	allow more time to notify bidders. His Honor Mayor Baker was of the opinion that the bids

Park Recreation Area	should be opened as advertised.

and Rotary Club Park

City Attorney Cory advised the Commission that all laws had been complied with and the
Referred to Public Works                   bid which had been received could be opened and accepted or rejected. He stated that it

was his understanding that there was one local bidder who did not have time to submit a
bid and that postponement was requested for his consideration.

City Manager Kennedy stated that a letter calling Prospective Bidders attention to the bid
was not sent to this particular contractor and that was the alleged reason he did not have
time to prepare a bid. City Attorney explained further that these letters calling Prospective 
bidders attention to the bid are not required to be mailed to the contractors but
have been as a matter of policy.

After seme discussion it was the opinion of the Board that the following bid be opened:

Nevada Lawn Irrigation Co.	$ 26,641.28

Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID OPENING NO. 59.18	This being the time heretofore set for the bid opening of Bid No. 59.18 to Construct

Salvation Army Shelter;	Concrete Footings and Floor Slab at 210 West Bonanza Road for the Salvation Army Shelter

Construct Concrete 	and move Day Nursery Building from 1114 Mesquite Ave. to the new location; and there being

Footings & Floor Slab and	no bids received, Director of Public Works Sauer requested that the Department of Public

Move Day Nursery Building            Works be allowed to negotiate for the construction of the Footings and Moving of this

building.

Negotiate

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Director of Public Works be authorized to negotiate
for the construction of concrete footings and floor slab at 210 West Bonanza Road and
moving of the Day Nursery Building from 1114 Mesquite Avenue to the new location's long as
the price negotiated is within the original estimated cost.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

-0O0-

At the hour of 8:10 P.M. the meeting was recessed asn reconvened at the hour of 8:25 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

-0O0-

SHOW CAUSE HEARING	This was the time heretofore set for the Show Cause Hearing for Mrs. Connie Mormon. Show

Cause Order was issued April 3, 1959,requesting her to appear at this meeting to show
Mrs. Connie Mormon	cause, if any, why her licenses to operate child nurseries at the Las Vegas Children's

Nursery, 827 South 7th and the Happy House, 516 North 9th, should not be revoked.

His Honor Mayor Baker opened the hearing with the statement that the Board had reports
from the Child Welfare Officer and Child Welfare Board on the conduct of Mrs. Mormon
and asked if Mrs. Mormon was present.

4-15-59