Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of the Greater Faith Baptist Church for
a use permit to construct a church at 1026 Highland Drive, on the southeast comer of Highland
and Jefferson, legally described as a portion of the NW¼, SW¼, SW¼, NE¼, Section 28, T20S,

R61E, in an R-E zone, be held in abeyance until the next regular meeting of the Board of
City Commissioners to be held December 17, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID OPENING NO. 58.24	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 58.24 for the furnishing of

Traffic Paint	all labor, equipment, materials, transportation and services for the supplying of Traffic

Paint to the City, bids were received as follows:

Referred to Public Works

The Sherwin-Williams Co.	$ 4,566.00

Ed Von Tobel Lumber Co.	4,341.75

Pittsburgh Plate Glass Co.	4,318.25

M. J. DiBiase Paint Store	3,882.00

Carey's Paint Company	3,611.25

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Director
of Public Works for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 8:05 P.M. Paint Dealers Supply, Inc., presented their Bid No. 58.24 to the
Board in the amount of $4,009.50. Inasmuch as this bid was received after the time set for
the bid opening, the City Attorney advised the Board that it should be rejected.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 58.24 received from Paint Dealers Supply, Inc. be
rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID OPENING NO. 58.25	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 58.25 for the furnishing of

Addition to Hadland	all labor, equipment, materials, transportation and services for supply of materials for Sprinkler

Park Sprinkler System                   System at the south portion of Hadland Park, more fully described in the Plans and Specification 
of said project, bids were received from the following firms:

Referred to Public Works

Nevada Lawn & Irrigation Co. $ 1,251.24
Ace Plumbing & Heating Co. Inc. 2,164,40

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Director
of Public Works for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE (V-17-58)	The Commission considered the application of John E. Louque for a variance to decrease the

John E. Louque	rear yard to 20' for one corner of the house at the southeast corner of Houssels and Griffith

Avenues, legally described as Lot 1, Block 5; Desert Park #3; in an R-1 zone, Approval is
Approved	recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment. There are no protests.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of John E. Louque for a variance to decrease the
rear yard to 20' for one comer of the house at the southeast corner of Houssels and Griffith
Avenues, legally described as Lot 1, Block 5; Desert Park #3, in an R-1 zone, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE (V-16-58)	The Commission again considered the application of Robert Cohen for a variance to build within

Robert Cohen	a required rear yard at 1005 Yucca Place, between 10th Street and Maryland Parkway, legally

described as Lot 11, Block 2, Huntridge #1, in an R-1 zone.

Continued

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held November 5, 1958, this application
was held in abeyance until this meeting due to the fact that Mr. Cohen was out of the
Country. A letter dated December 2, 1958 to the Board of Commissioners, written by John A.

Porter, Attorney for Mr. Cohen, requests continuance until the next regular meeting of the
Commission inasmuch as Mr. Cohen is still out of the City.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Robert Cohen for a variance to build within
a required rear yard at 1005 Yucca Place, between 10th Street and Maryland Parkway, legally
described as Lot 11, Block 2, Huntridge #1, in an R-1 zone, be continued until the next regular
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners to be held December 17, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PASSENGER LOADING ZONE        The Commission considered the request from the principal of the Westside School for a 3-minute
Westside School	passenger loading zone. Approval is recommended by the Traffic and Parking Commission for a

3-minute zone along the north curb of Washington Street, beginning 110' east of "B" to "C"
Approved	Streets, and along the west curb of "C" Street, beginning at Washington north a distance of 170'.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the request from the principal of the Westside School for a
3-minute passenger loading zone be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 58.23	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Engineering Department that the Nevada Lawn

Woodlawn Cemetery	Irrigation Co. Inc., 324 S. Main St., Las Vegas, be awarded the contract for installation of

Sprinkler System	the Woodlawn Cemetery Sprinkler System for the alternate bid submitted in the total amount of

$3,395.91. This bid is the low of three bids which have been received.

Award

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Nevada Lawn Irrigation Co. Inc., 324 S. Main St., Las Vegas,
be awarded the contract for the installation of the Woodlawn Cemetery Sprinkler System for
the alternate bid submitted in the total amount of $3,395.91, be approved.

12-3-58