PROPOSED ORDINANCE	An Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 17, SECTION 12, CODE OF LAS VEGAS,

Insurance Agents	NEVADA, 1949, BY PROVIDING FOR LICENSE FEES FOR REVENUE FROM INSURANCE AGENTS; DEFINING TERMS;

License Fees	PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF

ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Fountain
Referred to Committee	and Whipple, for recommendation.

GENERAL FUND BALANCE	City Manager Kennedy reported that the General Fund Balance as of April 15, 1959, is $1,136,

960.13. There was a refund in the amount of $1,500 in connection with the recent change of
ownership in the New Pioneer Club inasmuch as the new owner was required to pay a year's license in
full, this is a refund to the former licensees who had already paid this license.

ST.	ANNE'S CATHOLIC	City Manager	Kennedy requested that	the Mayor and City Clerk be	authorized to sign a lease

CHURCH SWIMMING	POOL	with the St.	Anne's Catholic Church	for their swimming pool which is to be operated by the

City of Las Vegas this year. Msgr. Ryan has been contacted and agrees to pay $200 for the
Lease	month of May	and $200 for the Month	of September when they will	have use of the pool. During

Approved	the summer time, the City will have	full charge and collect all	revenue. This lease is for

$1.00 per month and can be cancelled by either party 60 days prior to May 1st each year.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign a lease with
the St. Anne's Catholic Church for their swimming pool located at 1700 Maryland Parkway.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Comissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PRISONER RELEASE	City Manager Kennedy requested authorization for the Mayor to sign papers releasing William

William Elmer Stites	Elmer Stites, M #29583; from City Jail. This release requested by the family and also a study

by the Police Department revealed there is an exceptional hardship involved.

Approved

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Mayor be authorized to sign papers releasing William
Elmer Stites, M #29583; from City Jail.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners 

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LAS VEGAS VALLEY FLOOD	City Manager Kennedy advised the Board that a letter has been received from Senator Howard

CONTROL PROGRAM	Cannon concerning the flood control program and the need for setting up some type of board to

set up a district or some similar organization that can supply information to the Corps of
Engineers. June 30th has been set as the date when the flood control study is to be gathered
together for compilation by the Corps. Mr. Kennedy suggested that a meeting be held between
the Las Vegas Board of City Commissioners, the Clark County Commissioners, City of North Las
Vegas and City of Henderson to see what could be done in this regard.

The Commission requested that City Manager arrange this meeting.

CURB PAVING MACHINE	City Manager Kennedy requested approval of Purchase Requisition No. 5406 to Clark County 

Wholesale in the amount of $1,401.25 for the purchase of an Etnyre Curb Paver. There are two locaL
suppliers and prices were obtained from both; however, one machine is too small and too
cumbersome to operate; the other is the Etnyre Curb Paver which is the same type of machine
as the State and County have and the same as we have been borrowing from the County.

They have too much use for this machine for us to continue borrowing same.

Commissioner Sharp asked if it was cheaper for the City to do this work than hire a contractor.
Director of Public Works Sauer stated that H. W. Polk has done some of these jobs but some
are so small the City cannot get bids on them. He further stated that now the contractors
are all busy and that the summer time is the time to work with this hot mix.

His Honor Mayor Baker suggested entering into a contract with some company to have them do
these small jobs as they are needed to be done. After further discussion, it was decided to
try to get bids on these small jobs before considering purchase of the machine.

PACKAGE LIQUOR	City Manager Kennedy presented two applications, one for a Package Liquor License by Joseph

APPLICATION	Julian Liquor Store and one for transfer of a Tavern License by G. Patrick Kennedy; for

Joe Julian	Patrick's Peyton Place; both to be located in the San Francisco Square Shopping Center at

&	2400 South Fifth Street.

TAVERN LICENSE RELOCATION

G. Patrick Kennedy	Mr. Kennedy explained that neither one of these applicants is ready to go into this new 

location but there has to be additional plumbing added if their applications are approved and
Abeyance	they would like to put the plumbing in now as the building is being constructed.

VeNoy Christoffersen, Attorney, spoke representing G. Patrick Kennedy explaining that this
transfer was requested due to the fact that since his tavern license was approved for 1100
Fremont another tavern is operating within a block and a half and that in the location at
2400 South Fifth there are no other tavern licenses for four and one-half blocks and 
furthermore the parking facilities will be more adequate. He further stated they feel it would be
better location, not only commercially, but a better location for the City to have a tavern
than on Fremont Street. In addition, he stated that Mr. Kennedy has leased two spaces in
this building now being erected and proposes to have this tavern in conjunction with a 
restaurant which would make the situation better for having a tavern there. This transfer is for
an existing license.

Mr. Joe Julian spoke to the Board stating that his application is for a Package Liquor License.

Mr. Patrick Kennedy spoke stating that there are 22 stores being built in this shopping center
which should be an asset to the City and that there should be a lot of patronage in that area
and plenty of parking space. He stated he had no intention of jeopardizing his position and
his reason for requesting change of location was because he believed it would be more readily
absorbed in that area than on Fremont Street.

Commissioner Sharp brought up the fact that other applicants in that area have been denied
applications and Commissioner Fountain stated that he could recall many applicants that have
been turned down in this location since he has been on the City Commission.

After some discussion it was decided to hold these two applications in abeyance.

4-15-59