GENERAL FUND BALANCE 	City Manager Kennedy reported that the General Fund Balance after payment of the

Payroll and Service and Material Warrants is $999,071.34. He advised that in
the Service and Material Warrants there is $13;795*11 for Capital Outlay and
$150.45 for the Bond Fund.

SOLICITATIONS FOR	City Manager Kennedy reported that the Youth Advisory Council has recommended

YOUTH 	that a letter be sent to all Las Vegas merchants informing them that solicitations 

for youth should be cleared through the Youth Advisory Council.

Commissioner Fountain moved that this recommendation be approved, subject to
clearance with the Solicitations Review Board, add the City Attorney instructed
 to prepare the necessary ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Mr. Kennedy advised that he would like to discuss at same future time an ordinance 

Condemnation &  	for the demolition and condemnation of buildings. He stated that this
Demolition of Buildings	ordinance will be necessary when the City commences the Urban Renewal program.

BASEBALL EQUIPMENT	The City Manager requested approval of the purchase of baseballs, soft balls

Purchase Approved	and bases for the Recreation Department for the coming baseball season, He

stated that the cost of this equipment will be $1,237.55.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Purchase Requisition No. 239 to The Outdoorsman
for baseballs, soft balls and bases in the total amount of $1,237.55 be approved 
and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

PURCHASE OF STOP SIGNS      Mr. Kennedy requested authorization to purchase channelized and lighted stop
10th, Gass & Charleston           signs for the intersection of Charleston, Gass and Tenth Streets. He advised

	that this equipment will cost approximately $1511.50.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be approved and channelized and lighted
stop signs for the intersection of Charleston, Gass and Tenth be purchased at
an estimated cost of $1,511.50.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PLATFORMS FOR LIGHTS	The City Manager requested permission to install platforms on the lights at the

Municipal Baseball	Municipal Baseball Field. He state that the lights are too high to permit the

Field 	Electrical Department to use the truck and ladder to change or repair these

lights. He advised the Commission that two bids were received, one from Crane
& Rigging in the amount of $2,378.50 and the other from Meecham Construction
Co. in the amount of $2,156.00. Mr. Kennedy recommended that the bid of
Meecham Construction Co. be accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be approved and the bid of Meecham
Construction Co. for the installation of platforms on the lights at the Municipal 
Baseball Field in the amount of $2,156.00 accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RELEASE OF PRISONER 	City Manager Kennedy advised the Board that one of the prisoners in the City

Jail, Floyd Lorraine Wade, has severe asthma and should be released so that
he can received medical car.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Mayor be authorized to release Floyd Lorraine Wade
from the City Jail.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BICYCLE SAFETY PROGRAM 	Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that the Youth Advisory Council has recommended 
Award to Winners	that the winners of the Decal Contest to be used in conjunction with the

Bicycle Safety Program be awarded a season pass to the Municipal Swimming Pool.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and season passes
awarded to the winners of the Decal Contest.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CODIFICATION OF	City Attorney Cannon reported that two proposals have been received for the codification 

ORDINANCES	of ordinances. He stated that both companies propose to do the work in

loose leaf form.

Mr. Cannon said the first proposal from Michie Publications will cost $9800.00
for an estimated 800 pages. Each page over the 800 will cost $5.00. This Company 
will furnish 200 bound copies and 100 copies that are not bound, but are
cut and punched so they could be put in binders. The second proposal is from
the Sterling Codifiers, who will do this work for $4995 and supply us with 60
copies.

Mr. Cannon stated that he would like the Commission to look over the samples submitted 
by these firms.

TAXI APPLICATION	Mr. John Mendoza representing Mr. Bayne Simpson appeared and requested approval of

Desert Cab Co.	Mr. Simpson's application for taxi license, doing business as the Desert Cab Company.



4-16-58