CIGARETTE APPLICATION	Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Wm. T. Papagna and Thomas F. Papagna

Cinnabar	for a cigarette license at the Cinnabar, 122 N. 2nd Street, be approved and the

Supervisor of License and Revenue be authorized to issue the license.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

LICENSES - OTHER	Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Vincent R. Martello for 50% interest

Acme Furniture &	in	the Acme Furniture & Equipment Co., 201 N. 12th, 2nd Hand merchandise license, be

Equip. Co.	approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue be authorized to issue the license.

Police report is favorable on the applicant.

Additional Partner

Approved		Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

	Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

LICENSES - OTHER	Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Jack Laxer for 39% interest in the

J. J. Parker Co.	J.	J. Parker Co., 1308 S. Main, slot machine operator, be approved and the Supervisor

Additional Owner	of	License and Revenue be authorized to issue the license. Police report is favorable

on the applicant.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

VARIANCE (V-18-58)	The Commission again considered the application of C. L. Hennon for a variance to process

C. L. Hennon	mineral rich soil by grinding with a small machine, packaging and storing same, for 2

years, if possible at property located on the east side of Pecos, approximately 300' north
Approved	of East Charleston Blvd., legally described as the W½ of the SW¼, of Government Lot #4,

in section 31; T20S, R62E, M.D.B.& M., excepting therefrom the west 175' of the south
305' thereof, and the west 140' of the east 155' of the north 142.5' thereof, in an R-E
zone.

This application was referred back to the Board of Zoning Adjustment by the Board of City
Commissioners at their meeting of December 17, 1958. Approval is recommended by the
Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to certain conditions.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of C. L. Hennon for a variance be approved
as recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to the following conditions:

1.	That the application be amended to apply to property described as the south 200' of
the north 350' of the SW¼ of Government Lot 4, located in the SW¼ of the SW¼, of the
SW¼, Sec. 31, T20S, R62E, M.D.B. & M.

2.	That the variance be permitted for a maximum period of one year from the date of
approval, and be non-renewable.

3.	That if the operation proves to be a nuisance, the variance shall terminate within
30 days of the date such determination is made by the City Commission.

4.	The dedication of 20' of additional right-of-way along the east side of Pecos. The
dedication has been made.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

VARIANCE (V-1-59)	The Commission	considered the	application of Sue H. Ronnow for a variance to connect a

Sue H. Ronnow	garage to a house with a solid roof structure at 808 Griffith Ave., between 8th and 9th

Streets, legally described as Lot 3; Block 4, Park Manor #2, in an R-1 zone. Approval
Approved	recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Sue H. Ronnow for a variance to
connect a garage to a house with a solid roof structure at 808 Griffith Ave., between
8th and 9th Streets, legally described as Lot 3; Block 4, Park Manor #2, in an R-1
zone be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

VARIANCE (V-2-59)	The Commission	considered the	application of James Cashman, Sr. for a variance to build

James Cashman, Sr.	an addition to	within 2'6" of	side property line, at 215 No. 4th Street, between Ogden

and Stewart Streets, legally described as Lots 9 and 10, Block 33, Clark's Las Vegas
Approved	Townsite, in a C-2 zone.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of James Cashman, Sr., for a variance
to build an addition to within 2'6" of side property line, at 245 No. 4th Street, between
Ogden and Stewart Streets, legally described as Lots 9 and 10, Block 33; Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite, in a C-2 zone be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

VARIANCE (V-3-59)	The Commission considered the application of the Culinary Worker's Union, Local 226, for

Culinary Worker's	a variance to use a portion of their building for a commercial use, to wit, a pharmacy,

Union, Local 226	primarily for the convenience of union members, at 114 New York Ave., between "A" and

Fairfield Streets, legally described as a portion of the NE¼, NE¼, SE¼, Section 4, T21S,
Approved	R61E, in a R-4 zone. Approval recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to

certain conditions. There was one letter of protest.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of the Culinary Worker's Union, Local 226
for a variance to use a portion of their building for a commercial use, to wit, a
pharmacy, primarily for the convenience of union members, at 114 New York Ave., between
"A" and Fairfield Streets, legally described as a portion of the NE¼ NE¼, SE¼, Section 4,
T21S, R61E, in a R-4 zone be approved as recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment
subject to the following conditions:

2-4-59