Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

C.A.B. HEARING	A memorandum from the City Attorney was presented requesting advice as to whether

City Attorney to	or not the Commission wished him to attend the Civil Aeronautics Board Hearing

Attend	relative to the Dallas-to West Coast case on June 5, 1958 in Washington, D.C.

Commissioner Fountain moved that City Attorney Howard W. Cannon be authorized to
represent the City before the Civil Aeronautics Board Hearing concerning the
Dallas-to West Coast case on June 5, 1958, with the expenses to be paid by the
City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BEL AIR SUBDIVISION	Director of Public Works Sauer advised the Commission that the final map of Bel

Tract No. 3	Air Subdivision Tract No. 3; approved by the Planning Commission on May 8, 1958,

Final Map Approved	had been checked and complies with all requirements.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the final map of Bel Air Subdivision Tract No. 3
be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS #8	Director of Public Works Sauer advised the Board that the final map of Charleston

Unit No. 1	Heights #8, Unit No. 1, approved by the Planning Commission on May 8, 1958, had

Final Map Approved	been checked and complies with all requirements.

Commissioner Fountain moved the final map of Charleston Heights No. 8, Unit No.

1 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HANDBALL COURT - DULA 	Director of Public Works Sauer reported that all work on the construction of the
RECREATION CENTER	remodeling of the Handball Court at Dula Recreation Center has been completed and

Acceptance, Final  		recommended that final payment of $350.93 be authorized.
Payment & Bond Release

	Commissioner Sharp moved the remodeling of the Handball Court at Dula Recreation

Center be accepted and final payment of $350.93 to P & C Construction Company
authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

STREET REPAIR CONTRACT 	Director of Public Works Sauer requested permission to advertise for bids for renewal 
Call for Bids	of the Street Repair Contract. He explained that this contract is estimated

	in the amount of $18,000.00, and is a recoverable expense.

Commissioner Whipple moved that notice to bid for the Street Repair Contract be
given, to be opened June 18th, 1958 at 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MOSS TRACT NO. 4	The request of the Southern Nevada Investment Co. for release of Lot 3; Block 2,

Moss Tract No. 4, was considered at this time. Director of Public Works Sauer
Release of Lot 3;	reported that this lot was reserved and dedicated for street purposes on May 23,

Block 2	1955, with a three-year reversionary clause if not used by the City for street

purposes. He advised this lot was deeded on the conditions that the property
to the south would incorporate the right-of-way for extension of the street to
serve a proposed Moss Tract No. 5, which has never been developed. Mr. Sauer
recommended that the lot be released and allowed to revert back to the original
owner.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation that Lot 3 of Block 2, Moss Tract
No. 4 be released be approved and the City Attorney directed to draw the necessary 
documents to affect the release or reversion.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TWIN LAKES NO. 6	The Commission considered the request for final acceptance of Twin Lakes No. 6,

Final Acceptance &	and the release of the bond on this subdivision. Director of Public Works Sauer

Release of Bond	advised that all requirements had been met with the exception of the removal of

the chips which will be taken care of within ten days. He reported that the subdivider 
will post a bond in the amount of $500.00 to take care of this deficiency.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the improvements in Twin Lakes No. 6 be accepted
subject to the removal of the chips, and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHARITABLE 		 	Consideration was given to applications for Charitable Solicitation Permits.

SOLICITATION PERMITS	City Manager Kennedy reported that the Nevada State Firemen's Association in

connection with their application for a Solicitation Permit had also requested
permission to display the car on the street, for which they are selling tickets.

Mr. Kennedy wanted the organization to understand that if the solicitation permit 
was approved it would not automatically follow that they would be permitted
to display the car downtown.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for Charitable Solicitation 
Permits, as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved and
the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

5-21-58