to revoke her license on this first infraction she has been cited for; thereby creating no
adverse effect on the parents that depend on her to care for their children.

Commissioner Sharp asked Mrs. Mormon a direct question regarding threats and name calling by
her as set out in a sworn statement by the Child Welfare Officer and Mrs. Mormon declared that
she did not make these threats or call these names.

Msgr. Carmody, Child Welfare Board member, spoke to the Board stating that he was the last
surviving member of the original Board and that he had had contact with Mrs. Mormon on
occasions over the years, found her in violations of one degree or another, and upon going
back later found that these things had not been rectified. He stated that one experience over
at her nursery was when he made some suggestions to her and was promptly chewed out in such
a manner that he told her not to shout at him and that he was a gentleman and not to be shouted
at. He asked her questions and she immediately became very defensive as if it was none of his
business.

Msgr. Carmody continued that on another morning Mrs. Mormon punished a child to a degree that
he could not approve of when in a fit of temper she shook him severely and marched him to a
corner.

Commissioner Whipple stated that he thought a lot had been said and a lot of things which were
doubtful, and the matter goes back to 1954 when Mrs. Mormon was cited by the City Clerk and he
did not believe that Mrs. Mormon was quite frank when she stated that she had no animosity
toward the Child Welfare Board. He stated further that he was one of the Commissioners who
had appointed these people to the Child Welfare Board and he felt that she owed them a debt of
gratitude.

Speaking to Sid Sheppard, Commissioner Whipple referred to his statement concerning other
nurseries and said that was news to him but that he didn't think it necessary to get into
that at this time and that the discussion at hand should not be prolonged. He stated that
if he could feel in his own mind that Connie Mormon would work in harmony with this Board, he
would even make the motion that she be put on probation and if she could prove herself that would
be fine. He said it was a very serious business caring for young children in their tender
years and he thought child nurseries consisted of more than dollars and cents and there was
much to be considered. He again mentioned that this was not a new situation and not the first
time Mrs. Mormon had been brought to the Attention of the City.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he wished to concur in the praise of the Child Welfare Board
and the citizens should be thankful for people of the calibre of those who are serving on
this Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Mrs. Connie Mormon be permitted to operate on a probationary
basis at the Las Vegas Children's Nursery, 827 South 7th and Happy House, 516 North 9th until
the next meeting of the Board of City Commissioners to be held May 6, 1959, at which time a
report shall be submitted by the Child Welfare Board regarding compliance and cooperation of
Mrs. Mormon with the Child Welfare Rules and Regulations and the Child Welfare Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ALTA VISTA #4	Director of Public Works advised the Board that plans for Alta Vista #4 have been submitted

Acceptance of	and approved with the exception of the street lighting plans. The subdivider, Royes Petersen,

Final Plat	has requested that the street lighting be omitted from this subdivision until participation

can be obtained from property owners on the south side of St. Louis.

Approved

Mr. Sauer further advised that it is the recommendation of the Engineering Department that
this subdivision not be approved without proper street lighting as required by Subdivision
Ordinance No. 628. No bond has as yet been submitted pending a decision on the street lighting
nor has the subdivision agreement been signed.

The subdivider has requested that the Offsite improvements on Southridge #6 and Alta Vista #4
be included under one bond and this be a certified check for the offsite improvements on Alta
Vista #4 and the remaining uncompleted improvements on Southridge #6.

Mr. Sauer stated that it was originally required that street lighting be installed for the
entire section from Maryland Parkway to 6th Street, but that the School Board and the City
have installed street lighting on the south side opposite the school and City property at
no cost to Mr. Petersen.

Mention was made that City Ordinance requires every subdivider to put in street lights.

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Sharp were of the opinion that Mr. Petersen should not have to
stand this whole expense. At this time there was some discussion of making a change in
Ordinance No. 628 as Mr. Sauer stated there had been quite a few proposals to change it.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the acceptance of final plat for Alta Vista #4 be approved
subject to the condition that the subdivider, Royes Petersen sign subdivision improvement
agreement and post the necessary bond as required by the City Attorney, and further that the
subdivider pay half the cost of the street lights from 6th Street to Maryland Parkway.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BEVERLY GREEN TRACT #4	The Commission considered the acceptance of final plat for Beverly Green Tract #4 as submitted

Acceptance of Final Plat	by the Beverly Green Development Corporation. The Engineering Department has checked final

designs and recommended approval, of this subdivision plat subject to signing of the Subdivision
Approved	Agreement and posting of bond by the subdivider, Beverly Green Development Corporation.

City Attorney Cory advised the Board that the Subdivision Agreement has been signed but that it
would be necessary for a new bond to be submitted.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the acceptance of final plat for Beverly Green Tract #4 be approved
subject to posting of proper bond as approved by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

4-15-59