LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Cecil Lynch doing business as the Golden Slot

Change of Name	22 Fremont, to change the name on his Tavern License to "Fortune Club" be approved.

Fortune Club

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners 

Approved	Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Ralph R. Secrist for tavern license at Ralph's

Change of Owner and	Shamrock Cocktail Lounge, 7 E. Bonanza (formerly Shamrock Cocktail Lounge, licensed by Mabel

Change of Name -	Celia Benson) be approved and the Supervisor of License	and Revenue	authorized	to issue the

Ralph's Shamrock	license. Police report was favorable on the applicant.

Cocktail Lounge

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners 

Approved	 Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Alma	De Bord for	a restaurant beverage license

New	at the Desert Snack Bar, 222 N. Main be approved and the Supervisor	of License	and Revenue

Desert Snack Bar	authorized to issue the license. Police report was favorable on the applicant.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Fountain,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Wilma and Tom Tanos for a package liquor license

	New	at the Melody Lane P. L., 109 N. 3rd, be denied on the basis that there is no license of this type

Melody Lane P.L.	available at this time.

Denied	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Fountain,

Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	The Commission considered the application of Joseph Campanelli for a wholesale liquor and

New	importer license at the Campanelli Specialty, 3169 Highland. City Attorney Cory stated that

Campanelli Specialty	he was advised by the Supervisor of License and Revenue that this address was in the County and

that City Ordinance requires place of business to be within the City of Las Vegas, and that there
Abeyance	be $25,000 worth of liquor in stock. Mr. Cory suggested action be deferred to ascertain if

this license does have an address in the City.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Joseph Campanelli for a wholesale liquor and
importer license at the Campanelli Specialty, 3169 Highland, be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Fountain,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	The application of G. Patrick Kennedy for change of location of his tavern license from 1100

Change of Location	Fremont to San Francisco	Square Shopping Center, 2400 S. 5th, was withdrawn at the applicant's

Patrick's Peyton	request. This item held	in abeyance from the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners

Place	held April 15, 1959.

Application Withdrawn

	GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of J. Bartell for a slot	operators license at

	New	the Super Scope Coin Machine Co., 2544 E. Charleston, be approved and the	Supervisor of License

Super Scope Coin	and Revenue authorized to issue the license. Police report was favorable	on the applicant.

Machine Co.	(This item was held in abeyance at the regular meeting of the City Commission held April 15, 1959)

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners 

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Robert Van Santen (80% interest), Arthur

New	Grant (10% interest) and	Eunice Mason (10% interest) for a slot operator license at the Mid

Mid Century	Century Distributors 109	Fremont, be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue

Distributors	authorized to issue the license. Police report was favorable on applicants.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Whipple moved that the following applications for additional	gaming licenses be

Additional	approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the	licenses:

Approved	STARLITE JUICE BAR	20 Fremont	James Crouch	18 Slots; 18 Cash Pin

MARKETOWN	5th & Oakey	J. J. Parker Co.	1 Slot

MAYFAIR LIQUOR	1418	Fremont	J.	J.	Parker	Co.	1	Cash	Pin

VEGAS LIQUOR	1515	N.	5th	J.	J.	Parker	Co.	1	Cash	Pin

STRIP LIQUOR STORE	2417	S.	5th	J.	J.	Parker	Co.	1	Slot

AQUA HOTEL	1401	S.	5th	J.	J.	Parker	Co.	1	Slot

	HUNTRIDGE LIQUOR	1320 E. Chrlstn.	Automatic Amusement	1 Cash Pin

MOULIN ROUGE HOTEL	900 W. Bonanza	Crown Novelty Co.	2 Slots

LITTLE BURRO CORRAL	2106 S. 5th	M. D. Close	1 Slot

THE WESTERNER	22 Fremont	Geo. Arquilla et al	4 Slots

CALIFORNIA CLUB	101 Fremont	J. Phil Long et al	20 Slots

LUCKY STRIKE CLUB	117 Fremont	Al Garbian et al	50 Bingo Stools

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 CIGARETTE APPLICATION                The Commission considered the application of George Bramley et al, 2546 Charleston Blvd for
New	cigarette license for George's Chuck Wagons (4 trucks).

George's Chuck Wagon

Ray Sheffer, Chief of Police, stated that the unfavorable police report had reference to the
Denied	type of operation and that the applicants had been cleared favorably by the Police Department.

He explained further that there were four trucks vending throughout the City, mainly to
construction workers, and presented a serious police problem and one they could not control.

He added that the intention of the operators may be the same as the Police Department but that
the control of the sale of cigarettes to minors could not be controlled and denial was
recommended.

Commissioner Whipple asked how this would differ from the sale of cigarettes in grocery stores
and Chief Sheffer explained that this type of sale can be watched and that cigarette machines
are directed to be placed near the cashier, and that on a moving license this would not be
possible and could not be policed. He stated further that he felt the applicants were 
responsible but that this type of operation would put the actual control of the sale of cigarettes on
the hands of four people.

5-6-59