CHARLESTON ESTATES	Commissioner Whipple moved the revised tentative map for Charleston Estates No. 1

No. 1	submitted by Charleston Heights, Inc., Ernest A. Becker, President, consisting

Revised Tentative	of approximately 12 lots and generally located directly east of the Red Rock

Map	School property, be approved.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes; none.

VACATION VAC-5-59	The Commission considered the petition of Charleston Plaza; Inc., for the

Charleston Village	    vacation to clear lot lines and vacate some street right-of-way for the

Tract #1	development of a shopping center; vacation to consist of Charleston Village

Tract #1 with the exception of Lots 9, 10, 11 and 12 in Block 7 and that
Approved -	portion of Peyton Drive commencing at Burnham and extending 240' westerly.

Public Hearing

Dec. 2, 1959	Commissioner Fountain moved this vacation be approved as recommended by the

Planning Commission subject to the following conditions; and public hearing
be set for 7:30 P.M., December 2, 1959, in the Council Chambers of the City
Hall:

1.	The dedication of utility easements as requested by the Southern Nevada
Power Company.

2.	Dedication and improvement of a cul-de-sac as shown on the westerly end
of Peyton Drive.

3.	Easements to the Las Vegas Valley Water District for existing water mains.

4.	A street drainage design on the westerly edge property to provide for proper
drainage of the Hillside Terrace area including the dedication and improvements
of Peyton Drive across the power company easement; all to be done in a
manner satisfactory to the City Engineering Department.

5.	Installation of fire hydrants in accordance with the requirements of the
Fire Department.

6.	Signing of an agreement to be drawn up by the City Attorney whereby
Charleston Plaza, Inc. will be fully responsible for drainage in the area
and will not hold the City liable for any resulting damage; said agreement
to be signed prior to the public hearing.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

-0O0-

At the hour of 8:10 P.M. this meeting was recessed and reconvened at the hour
of 8:30 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

-0O0-

LIQUOR & GAMING	The Commission considered the application of Karl and Leo Frey (Leroy Corporation)

LICENSE	for licenses for a Tavern and 4 Slot Machines at the Moulin Rouge Hotel, 900 West

Moulin Rouge Hotel	Bonanza. There was a favorable report on the applicants. This application was

held in abeyance for a full Board on October 7, 1959.

Denied

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Karl and Leo Frey (Leroy Corporation)
for licenses for a Tavern and 4 Slots Machines at the Moulin Rouge Hotel, 900 West
Bonanza, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp.

At this time Louis Wiener; Attorney for the applicants, addressed the Commission;
requesting to be advised by letter or verbally of any defects in the application
to see if they could be corrected before the City Commission acted on this denial.

He added that his clients had a favorable police report and had invested some
$2,000,000 in this business; furthermore, they were the second or third largest
taxpayers in Clark County and paid approximately $24,800 a year on real property.

Commissioner Elwell agreed with Mr. Wiener and moved to amend the motion to meet
with the principals of this application.

This motion failed for the lack of a second and the vote on the first motion was
as follows: Commissioners Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes; none. Commissioner Elwell abstained.

CIGARETTE VENDING	Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Ralph T. Warne for a Cigarette

OPERATOR LICENSE	Vending Operator License at the Ralph T. Warne Vending Machine Company; 8 East

Ralph T. Warne	Charleston, be approved on the basis of the affidavits presented, and the

Vending Mach. Co.	Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; Commissioner Elwell voted no. Commissioner Fountain asked Mr. Warne if
he presently held licenses in North Las Vegas and Henderson and Mr. Warne
answered in the affirmative.

MARYLAND PARKWAY	Commissioner Fountain moved the proposed island landscaping and crosswalks on

ISLAND LANDSCAPING	Maryland Parkway between Oakey Boulevard and San Francisco be approved subject

 & CROSSWALKS	to the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission that due to the

existing traffic and the potential future pedestrian traffic that an additional
Approved	pedestrian crosswalk be installed on Maryland Parkway approximately 200' south

of Oakey Boulevard at the traffic island separation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

10-23-59