LIQUOR LICENSE	Mr. Kennedy presented the request of Cecil Lynch and Lee Glen for permission to

Temporary Service Bar                      operate a temporary Service Bar for a period of five weeks in the banquet room

	of the Blue Angel Motel, pending the opening of the Blue Angel Bar.

Discussion was held and the Commission indicated that this request should be
denied.

SOAP BOX DERBY	The City Manager presented the request of the Police Athletic League for 

Closing of Bonanza	permission to block East Bonanza between 5th and Bruce on July 24th from 8:00 A.M. to

8:00 P.M. to hold the Soap Box Derby.

Action was deferred on this request until the matter has been reviewed by the
Solicitations Review Board and the Youth Advisory Council.

STREET LIGHT  	Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that a petition has been received from property
IMPROVEMENT	owners on North Main Street requesting the installation of street lights. He

Petition	stated that the petition is being checked to see if a sufficient number of property

	owners have signed.

Commissioner Bunker moved the petition of property owners on North Main Street
for street lighting be held for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SAMMY'S NEWSTAND	Mr. George Dickerson appeared on behalf of Mrs. Ruth Perlman to request an extension

Condemnation of	of time on the condemnation of the building at 124 South 1st Street known as Sammy's

Building	 Newstand. Mr. Dickerson stated that Mrs. Perlman is making arrangements to

	secure financing for the construction of a new building at this location, and is

requesting a 90 day extension of time.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Mrs. Ruth Perlman be granted a 90 day extension
of time on the condemnation of the building at 124 South 1st Street, said exten-
sion which will expire on August 15, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

EFFLUENT DITCH	The City Manager requested approval of a purchase requisition to rent a dragline

Equipment Rental	to dig a ditch for the effluent waters across the property owned by Messrs.

	Peterson and Farnsworth. Mr. Kennedy stated that this equipment can be secured

from Lincoln Welding at a cost of $3200.00, and will be required for approximately
20 days.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 85 to Lincoln Welding
in the total amount of $3200.00 for the rental of a dragline be approved and the
purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

17TH STREET	Mr. Kennedy requested approval of a purchase requisition for the paving of 17th

IMPROVEMENT	Street from Wengert Avenue to Oakey Boulevard. He advised the Commission that

	sealed bids had been secured by the Engineering Department and the low bid was

that of Whiting Brothers in the total amount of $1351.75.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Purchase Requisition No. 1716 to Whiting Brothers
in the total amount of $1351.75 for the paving of 17th Street from Wengert Avenue 
to Oakey Boulevard be approved, and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WASHINGTON AVENUE	The City Manager next presented the request for approval of a requisition for the

IMPROVEMENT	improvement of Washington Avenue from the Twin Lakes Addition or Robin Avenue to

the Tonopah Highway. Mr. Kennedy reported that the City will put hot mix on this
street, and it is estimated that the cost of the improvements will be $1200.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the improvement of Washington Avenue between Robin
Avenue and the Tonopah Highway by the installation of hot mix in the estimated
amount of $1200.00 be approved, and a purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

2ND & MESQUITE PARKING           The City Manager advised the Commission that bids had been secured for the installation 

LOT	of curbs, gutters and sidewalks around the parking lot behind the Police

Station located at the southwest corner of 2nd and Mesquite. He reported that the
low bid was that of Kaufield & Son in the total amount of $4202.50, and requested
approval of a purchase requisition.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Purchase Requisition No. 1722 to E.M. Kaufield &

Son for the installation of curb, gutter and sidewalk around the parking lot at
2nd and Mesquite in the total amount of $4202.50 be approved, and a purchase order
authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

JOHN C. FREMONT	Mr. Kennedy stated that informal bids had been secured for the paving of the parking

SCHOOL POOL	area at the John C. Fremont School Swimming Pool and for the installation of

Improvement	sidewalks. He reported that the low bid for the parking area paving was Ideal

	Asphalt Paving Co. in the amount of $3,198.65 and E.M. Kaufield & Son for sidewalks 

in the amount of $1258.00.

5-7-58