BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this Resolution shall take effect immediately.

DATED this 4th day of March, 1959.

/s/ REED WHIPPLE_____________

Mayor Pro Tem

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

/s/ ROBERT F. BOOS____________________

Acting City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker. Commissioner Sharp qualified his vote stating that his firm

is not connected with this particular project, but that they are doing work for the Housing
Authority.

TRAFFIC SIGNAL SYSTEM	The Commission considered the request for authorization for the Mayor and City Clerk to sign

South 5th & San Francisco	agreement with the State and County; each to pay 1/3 of the cost of the revision of the

traffic signal system at 5th Street and San Francisco. This agreement has been signed by
the State and County. The total estimated cost for this revision is $2,775.63; City portion,
$925.21.

Commissioner Fountain moved that authorization be granted for the Mayor and City Clerk to
sign agreement with the State and County; each to pay 1/3 of the cost of the revision of
the traffic signal system at 5th Street and San Francisco; total estimated cost for this
revision is $2,775.63; City's portion, $925.21.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

PETITION	The Commission considered a petition signed by 30 property owners requesting installations

Street Lighting	of street lights on Fremont Street from 5th Street to Charleston Boulevard. Director of

Assessment District;	Public Works Sauer stated that petitioners have specified they want the newest and best

Fremont Street from	fluorescent type of street lights which would cost about $10.00 per front foot or a total

5th to Charleston	of $135,000.00. He stated there are 30 signatures on the petition; 25 of which are property

owners and 5 are lessees; there are 145 property owners in the entire area.

Informal Hearing to

be held	Commissioner Bunker suggested that the majority of property owners in that area should be

contacted before proceedings are started on an assessment district.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the City Manager be instructed to proceed to schedule and
hold an informal hearing on the forming of a street light assessment district on Fremont
Street from 5th Streets to Charleston Boulevard, and the Director of Public Works to
prepare estimate of cost.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

GOLF BOARD RESIGNATION           The City Clerk read a letter received from Art Smith submitting his resignation from the
Art Smith	Las Vegas Golf Board.

	Commissioner	Bunker moved that the resignation of	Art Smith from	the Golf	Board be accepted

	and directed	that a letter expressing	gratitude for her services	be sent.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

GOLF BOARD APPOINTMENT	Commissioner	Fountain moved that Paul	Smitley, as	recommended by	the Golf	Board,	be

Paul Smitley	appointed to	complete the term of Art	Smith whose	resignation was just accepted;	term	to

expire June 30, 1962.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

WORK ORDER	Commissioner Fountain moved that authorization be granted for a Work Order in the amount of

Lions Club Park	$1,380 for Park Department installation of 2" pipe with 2 hose hydrants, 2" gate valve, to

ball diamond; seeding and fertilizing 60,000 square feet ball diamond (does not include
Authorized	ball diamond sprinkling system), as previously agreed with the Lions Club.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

TRAFFIC AND PARKING	Mr. Brockway, the new Division Engineer for the State Highway, has been contacted and

COMMISSION APPOINTMENT	expressed his willingness to serve on the Traffic and Parking Commission as a replacement

for Mr. Otis Wright, and it was requested that the Commission approve his appointment to
Approved	fill the unexpired term of Mr. Wright; inasmuch as Mr. Wright's term of office was due to

expire April 20, 1959, it is recommended this appointment be made for the next regular
4 year term which will expire April 20, 1963.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Mr. Brockway be appointed to the Traffic and Parking
Commission, term to expire April 20, 1963.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

NARCOTICS RESOLUTION	The City Clerk read a resolution relating to Narcotics in regard to State Assembly Bill 103,

a proposed amendment to Chapter 453.210 of Nevada Revised Statutes.

Adopted

Commissioner Fountain moved that the following resolution be adopted and order made:

3-4-59