Commissioners.

Commissioner Whipple moved Purchase Requisition No. 5779 in the amount of $865.00,
to the General Binding Corporation for an electric punch machine and an electric
binding machine for the Pointing Department be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

HYDE PARK TO CRAGIN PARK Commissioner Elwell moved the following resolution changing the name of Hyde Park

to Cragin Park be adopted and order made:

Resolution Adopted

RESOLUTION CHANGING HYDE PARK TO CRAGIN PARK

WHEREAS, the Honorable E. W. Cragin has served as Mayor of the City of Las
Vegas for many years during which he developed and administered a sound municipal
administration which resulted in continuous development, growth and improvement for
the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the said E. W. Cragin was always ready, willing and able to give,
without reservation, of his many qualities of leadership and to guide and direct
those who foresaw an ever expanding future for the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, during all of his many years of residence in the City of Las Vegas,
the said Honorable E. W. Cragin was faithful and devoted to the betterment of his
community and environment, whether as a public official or as a responsible leader
of the many charitable and service organizations of which he was a member; and

WHEREAS, the general welfare of the City of Las Vegas, the County of Clark and
the State of Nevada has been benefitted and improved by the innumerable improvements
of the said E. W. Cragin throughout a lifetime of vigorous, enthusiastic and unselfish
activity in behalf of his fellow man; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deeply and sincerely
regrets the unfortunate and untimely passing of the said E. W. Cragin and deems it
advisable and desirable to commemorate his many years of devotion to the public
interests by perpetuating his name in a manner that will at all times remind the
citizens of Las Vegas of his service and achievements,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, at a regular meeting held on the 15th day of July, 1959, that that certain
park in the Hyde Park Subdivision heretofore known and designated as "Hyde Park"
shall be, from and after the 15th day of July, 1959; named, known and designated
as "Cragin Park" in honor of the said E. W. Cragin, and that all maps of the City
of Las Vegas shall be officially changed to show the aforesaid designation of
"Cragin Park".

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this Resolution be entered in the official records
of the City of Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a certified copy of this Resolution be transmitted
to the beloved wife of the late E. W. CRAGIN, together with the sincere sympathy of
the City of Las Vegas in the memory of a beloved public servant.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 15th day of July, 1959.

/s/ Oran K. Gragson
ORAN K. GRAGSON, MAYOR

ATTEST:

/s/ Marjorie Holtschlag
Acting City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain aid carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

J. C. FREMONT PARK	Commissioner Elwell moved the following resolution changing the name of J. C. Fremont

TO BAKER PARK	Park to Baker Park be adopted and order made:

Resolution Adopted	RESOLUTION CHANGING JOHN C. FREMONT PARK

TO BAKER PARK

WHEREAS, Honorable C. D. Baker has served as Mayor of the City of Las Vegas
from the 4th day of June, 1951 to the 6th day of July, 1959; and

WHEREAS, during his long tenure of office he developed and administered a 
program for the City of Las Vegas which brought continuous growth and improvement to
the City; and

WHEREAS, he gave unstintingly of his time to serve the citizens of this City
and he has distinguished himself as a leader in administration and as a faithful
devoted public servant and he has gained the respect and admiration of his associates
and the citizens of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the Honorable C. D. Baker by faithfully performing his duties has
assured the progress and growth of the City of Las Vegas, and the health and welfare

7-15-59