ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	At the regular Commission Meeting held November 19, 1958, the Board moved to hold an informal

100-43	hearing after the first of the year on forming a street light assessment district on Main

Main Street Lighting             Street between Carson and the North City Limits.

Hearing	If it is the intent of the Commissioners themselves to hold an informal meeting prior to a

public hearing, it is requested a date be set at this time so there will be ample time to
send out necessary notices. If it is the wish of the Commission to have the City Manager,
Director of Public Works and Director of Finance to hold the informal meeting, permission
is requested to do so.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Manager be instructed to proceed to schedule and
hold an informal hearing on the forming of a street light assessment district on Main Street
between Carson and the North City Limits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

FLOODLIGHTS	City Manager Kennedy presented a request for a work order for installation of floodlights

Jefferson Recreation               around the Jefferson Recreation Center Basketball Court at an estimated cost of $1,014.50.
Center Basketball Court

Commissioner Fountain moved that a work order for the installation of floodlights around the
Jefferson Recreation Center Basketball court in the estimated amount of $1,014.50. be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ALLEY-CLOUGH PROPERTY:  City Manager Kennedy presented the request of R. J. Kaltenbom dated November 17, 1958, that
Southeast Crnr Main &         action be instituted to acquire the necessary land to complete the alley between Main and
Bonanza	Second Streets, from Mesquite to Bonanza.

Appraisal Approved            In March 1955; action was filed in district court to acquire necessary right-of-way.

June 22, 1955; judgment of dismissal was filed by the City prompted by the cost of $9,000.00
demanded by the owner. June 1, 1955; the Commission took action to dismiss the condemnation
action. If it is the wish of the Commission to institute action regarding the foregoing,
it is recommended that permission be granted to hire Drury and Associates for an appraisal
of the property in question.

His Honor: Mayor Baker asked if the City has the authority to condemn on the basis of the
appraisal and Commissioner Fountain asked how much the appraisal would be. City Manager
Kennedy advised that judging from previous charges, the cost would be between $300.00 and
$400.00. Commissioner Bunker recommended that if proceedings are instigated that they should
be followed through and not go to this expense and get half way through with it and then drop
it. Mr. Kennedy said that we should get the appraisal so we can put it into next year's budget.
Commissioner Whipple asked if the appraisal would have any effect on the price. City Attorney
Cannon stated that if the City does have to go to court, the appraisal figure would be helpful.

Commissioner Whipple moved that permission be granted to hire Drury and Associates for an
appraisal of the property in question.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	City Manager Kennedy request authority for Purchase Requisition #3941 to V. C. Mendenhall

100-35	Company in the amount of $6,028.00; change order to remove A. C. paving and replace with

Change Order	valley gutters at Chapman and Charleston and Hillside and Charleston.

Approved	Commissioner Sharp moved that Purchase Requisition #3941 to V. C. Mendenhall Company in

the amount of $6,028.00 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	City Manager Kennedy presented the request that the contractor, V.	C. Mendenhall Company,

100-35	be given an	extension of time for completion of the contract until	January 15, 1959.

Extension of Time

Commissioner Sharp moved that the V. C. Mendenhall Company be given an extension of time
Approved	for completion of the contract under Assessment District 100-35 until January 15, 1959.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LAS VEGAS HOUSING	Mr. Kennedy	presented a request for authorization for the Mayor to	sign a letter to be

AUTHORITY LETTER	transmitted	to the Las Vegas Housing Authority requesting that they evaluate their housing

project program in Las Vegas with particular reference to taking the necessary steps to
Mayor authorized	secure an adequate number of low-rent housing units to be made available to persons that

to sign	may be dislocated as a result of the freeway program.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Mayor be authorized to sign this letter to be
transmitted to the Las Vegas Housing Authority.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WEST CHARLESTON AND       City Manager Kennedy reported that on the basis of study of the situation, it is recommended
HINSON TRAFFIC STUDY	that a traffic light be installed with pedestrian actuated push-button control at an estimated

REPORT	cost of $4,000.00. Mr. Bossi checked on a set of regular lights with actuated plate on

Hinson and the cost of this installation would be about $7,000.00. County Commissioner Harmon
is going to take this same matter up with the Board of County Commissioners. As to the lighting
of the corner with street lights and running them from Hyde Park, in the over-all program,
we would be better off to keep the circuits separate.

Commissioner Fountain asked when Mr. Harmon would have the answer from the County Board and
Mr. Kennedy thought it would be brought up at their next meeting.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the City bear half the cost of this signal light installation
if the County will bear half, including the lighting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

12-17-58