PLANNING COMMISSION Mr. Kennedy reported that the term of Mr. J. A. Tiberti on the Planning Commission had expired
Reappointment	and recommended his reappointment to the Planning Commission, this term to expire in August 1964.

Mr. J. A. Tiberti	Commissioner Whipple moved that Mr. J. A. Tiberti be reappointed to the Planning Commission for

a six year term to expire August, 1964.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CONTRACT-TREE TRIMMING Commissioner Whipple moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign the contract with
Davey Tree Surgery	Davey Tree Surgery for tree trimming for one year in the total amount of $3,320.00.

Authorization to Sign	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSAL	City Manager Kennedy presented the Second Supplemental Appraisal Proposal of the Tait Appraisal

Tait Appraisal Company	Company for a period of five years at a fee of $525.00 per year. Mr. Kennedy pointed out that

the original proposal was for $750.00 per year, that Mr. Laird, Director of Finance, was not
Not Accepted	in favor of the proposal and that the representative of the Insurance Agents Association was in

favor of the proposal at the reduced figure.

After considerable discussion, it was the opinion of the Board that the proposal should not be
accepted and that the City Manager so advise the Tait Appraisal Company.

HOUSING AUTHORITY	City Manager Kennedy presented a letter from the Housing Authority requesting that the City

REQUEST	construct a sewer from the Housing Authority project to a manhole on Highland Avenue; said

construction provided for in the Cooperation Agreement between the Housing Authority and the
Construction of Sewer City and to be paid by the Housing Authority.

Line - Highland Avenue

Mr. Kennedy pointed out that in the past the City has handled similar construction matters by
requesting the Housing Authority to include the construction of the improvement in their
general contract which would be a saving to the Housing Authority and City of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Mayor be authorized to sign a letter addressed to the Housing
Authority suggesting that the Housing Authority include construction of this sewer in their
General Contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BRUCE STREET	Mr. Kennedy presented the following letter from Orvy and Adeline Clark protesting trespass of

CONSTRUCTION	a portion of Bruce Street which they claim is their private property:

Fremont to Charleston	Las Vegas, Nevada

September 17, 1958

Honorable C. D. Baker, Mayor
City of Las Vegas and
Honorable Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas

Gentlemen:

Please be advised that we, the undersigned, are the legal owners of the
real property located at 1800 East Fremont Street, Las Vegas, Nevada,
commonly known as the Clark Inn Motel, and of the 300 feet of unimproved
land lying directly south of said property.

It has just come to our attention that engineering equipment of the City
of Las Vegas is presently trespassing upon the westerly 60 feet of the
above described property by attempting to grade and pave a 60 foot roadway
across the same.

Please be advised that we object to these activities upon the part of
agents or employees of the City, and demand that they be discontinued
immediately.

If the City should proceed with the grading and paving of this area,
which is the property of the undersigned, and has never been dedicated to
the City, for street purposes, or otherwise, the City will be acting at
its peril.

Very truly yours,

s/ Orvy Clark___________ 

gc	s/ Adeline E. Clark

Mr. Kennedy advised the Board that the street was in the process of being relaid when the
letter was presented to the City and the matter was called to our attention, at which time
all work was stopped. Preliminary investigation has indicated a title search and survey is
necessary to clarify the situation. Once we have all of the information, which should be
early next week, a full report will be made to the Board.

The letter was acknowledged, to be received and filed.	

PETITION FOR ASSESSMENT The Board considered the petition signed by Philip H. Empey, Julia S. Huffey and Jerome D.

DISTRICT	Mack for creation of an Assessment District for the installation of street, curb and gutters

on Bracken Avenue between 6th and 7th Streets.

Mr. Kennedy advised that the property owners in this block have been trying to get these
improvements for quite some time and that it would be impractical to attempt to create an
assessment district on a one-block street as the cost would probably be prohibitive.

The matter was referred to the City Manager and the Director of Public Works for computation
of cost, the property owners to be notified of the estimated cost and report back to the
Board of City Commissioners.

10-1-58