Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

JUVENILE FORESTRY	Chief of Police, Ray Sheffer, presented Judge David Zenoff, who spoke on behalf of

CAMP DISCUSSION	those actively engaged in the plans to establish a forestry camp for the rehabilitation 

and correction of the youths of our area. He stated that Chief Sheffer and
Resolution to	Sheriff Leypoldt also had been active in wo iking toward such a camp and that a 

be Prepared	suitable site had been located in the mountains southwest of here.

Judge Zenoff invited the Commissioners to explore this site with them on Saturday.

He explained this property was known as the Robert's Ranch and consisted of 
approximately 160 acres which were fed directly by three springs; there being fifteen springs
in the entire area. It was felt this land could be acquired for an amount between
$10,000.00 and $13,500.00. Here the boys would be confined without fences in a remote
spot from which it would be difficult to escape without danger. It would take two
years, starting with pup tents and building the camp, before reforestation and area
work could be contemplated.

It had been further proposed, Judge Zenoff continued, that the boys graze their own
cattle for milk and beef; also, truck farming could be entered into. Trained personnel 
would be needed to direct the boys' activities, both recreational and occupational. 
These boys would have to be fed and provided with bedding, clothing and
other necessities. From the State of California a trained director could be hired
for $6,000.00 a year.

City cooperation is needed for contribution of funds for personnel and food. The Trade
Unions have promised trained personnel to periodically instruct the boys in the building 
trades with the promise that any who graduate would be placed in jobs as apprentices.
Service Clubs had offered to furnish beds, cots, blankets. Judge Zenoff continued there
was to be a meeting with the County Commissioners on September 8, and it was hoped at
that time to get their approval for the purchase of the land. With all these things
this would have to be made an official authority. It was felt that the operation of
this camp should be restricted and confined under Clark County and control be retained
here. He advised the State wished to cooperate with the project and perhaps eventually
take it over; however, it was preferred the control remain here, but that was a 
problem for the future.

Judge Zenoff stated under present Statutes the use of Elko serves no good purpose for
the borderline case. It was not proposed to put into this forestry camp the boy who
was beyond hope; however, for those who could be rehabilitated by regular feeding,
hard work, training, working together and cleaning their bodies as well as their
minds, at such a camp as was being proposed, the job could be accomplished. He 
requested the Commission to adopt a resolution to the effect that the City would 
participate and cooperate in the establishment of this Youth Forestry Camp.

City Attorney Cory asked Judge Zenoff if it was desired that a single contribution be
made for the acquisition of the land or an annual contribution towards maintenance
and operation of the camp. Judge Zenoff stated they were interested in the operational
costs. He added the camp would be operated under the jurisdiction of the Juvenile
Court by joint City-County participation and would not include a non-profit 
corporation.

Commissioner Fountain compared participation in this program with the present agreement
the City has with the Clark County Health Department. Commissioner Whipple commended
Chief Sheffer, Sheriff Leypoldt, and Judge Zenoff for the efforts they had made in
this field and expressed their desire to help and support this movement.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the City Attorney be instructed to draw up an 
appropriate resolution supporting the establishment of a Youth Forestry Camp to be presented
at the next regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

HADLAND PARK	Director of Public Works Sauer advised that informal bids were received on September 1,

Paving Roads and	1959; for the furnishing of material and labor for a seal and chip surfacing of roads

Parking Area	and parking area in Hadland Park. It was recommended that award be made to Wells

Cargo, Inc., in the amount of $1,162.80 (17₵ per sq. yd.); only bid received. The
Informal Bid	engineer's estimate was $1,300.00

Award - Wells Cargo, Inc. Commissioner Whipple moved Wells Cargo, Inc., be awarded contract for the furnishing

of material and labor for a seal and chip surfacing of roads and parking area in
Hadland Park in the amount of $1,162.80.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell. Commissioner Sharp stated that he would like to 

commend Kenny Hadland for the fine job he was doing.

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS #10A Director of Public Works Sauer advised the final plat for Charleston Heights #10A,

submitted by Charleston Heights, Inc., Ernest A Becker, President, had been checked
Acceptance of	and it was recommended that it be accepted.

Final Plat

City Attorney Cory advised that he had met with Mr. Becker and his counsel, G. William
Coulthard, and an agreement, similar to the one required from Louis Miranti in 
connection with Golfridge Terrace Subdivision, had been signed guarantying continued supply
of water. This agreement empowers the City, as his agent, to transfer all right and
title, including the source of the water, to the Water District if he should be unable
to supply water; however, Mr. Becker shall continue to operate and receive revenues.

Mr. Cory felt that the City was amply protected by this agreement which runs for a
period of ten years, and that the City had gone as far as it could possibly go to
assure water for these residents; furthermore, he thought Mr. Becker should be 
commended for his fine cooperation.

Commissioner Fountain moved the final plat for Charleston Heights #10A be accepted.

9-2-59