The City Commission he had attempted to check the policy of the City in granting Bingo 
licenses, and it could not be determined if there was such a policy. He further stated that
the day after the granting of the Bingo license he was advised by the City Manager that the
application was ineffective since the Nevada Club did not have a proper State gambling 
license. Mr. Zenoff explained that prior to making application to the City, a check had been
made with Mr. William Gallagher of the Nevada State Tax Commission and Gambling Control
Board, and he had advised that the granting of the license by the State Board was 
perfunctory and would be presented for official action at the next meeting of this Board.

Commissioner Bunker stated that in his opinion there should not be more than the present
number of Bingo games licensed than are in operation and therefore moved the application of
the 105 Corporation for a license for a Bingo Game and 88 chairs at the Nevada Club, 105-
113 Fremont Street, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

ORDINANCE NO. 771 An ordinance entitled: AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 13, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, BY

PROVIDING LIMITS ON THE NUMBER OF BINGO LICENSES AND RACE HORSE BOOK LICENSES WITHIN THE CITY,
Bingo & Race Horse	AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO, having been	reported on favorably by

Book Limitations	Commissioner Fountain, member of the committee for recommendation,	was	 read in full to the

Board at this time.

Commissioner Fountain moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 771 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Mayor Baker stated that this ordinance puts into effect what he felt was the policy of the
Board concerning Bingo games.

GENERAL FUND	City Manager Kennedy reported that the General Fund Balance as of July 11, 1958 is $400,771.66.

BALANCE	He stated that the gross payroll for this period is $108,407.48 and explained that the Service 

and Material Warrants there is $9,706.62 from Special Assessment Funds, and $48.58 from
Bond Funds.

SWIMMING POOLS	The	City Manager requested approval of a purchase requisition to P & C	Construction Company in

Purchase	the	total amount of $3,000.00 for Sun Decking the swimming pools at J.	C. Fremont and Hyde

Requisition	Park Schools. He advised the Commission that the original bids had been checked and they

Approved	were higher than this proposal of the P & C Construction Co.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Purchase Requisition No. 2550 in the amount of $3,000.00 to P & C
Construction Co. for sun decking at the swimming pools at John C. Fremont and Hyde Park Schools
be approved, and the Purchase Order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

ROAD OIL -	City Manager Kennedy presented a purchase requisition to Douglas Oil Company in the amount of

Purchase Approved      $1,582.70 for 49 tons of Road Oil to be used for the paving of Washington Avenue from Tonopah

Drive east.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Purchase Requisition No. 2431 to Douglas Oil Company for 49 tons
of S-C-4 for the improvement of Washington Avenue in the total, amount of $1582.70 be approved
and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

AUDIT OF CITY	City Manager Kennedy presented the proposal of Bunker, Jones & Co., CPA for the audit of the

ACCOUNTS	City Accounts for the fiscal year of 1957-1958. Mr. Kennedy explained that this accounting

1957—1958	firm has been auditing the City accounts for the past two years and has done a very good job.

The City Manager stated that this firm is in the process of assisting the City in the conversion
to machine accounting; and advised that unless a CPA firm has had previous municipal experience
it would take considerable time for them to become familiar with the City's procedures. He
further stated that the only other local firm that has had municipal experience with the City,
to his knowledge, is Conway, Moe, Hibbs & Funston who audited City accounts previously.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the firm of Bunker, Jones & Co., CPA be retained to audit the
accounts of the City of Las Vegas for the fiscal year of 1957-1958 in accordance with their
proposal, as recommended by the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

GARBAGE CONTRACT	Commissioner Fountain asked the City Manager what was the status of the Southern Nevada Disposal

Service garbage rate survey. Mr. Kennedy stated that officials from the Disposal Service
had met with him and discussed the matter. He stated that the question that arose is that
under their purchase agreement with the former disposal corporation that they have bought out,
the stock of the Southern Nevada Disposal, and want to transfer to a corporation to be known
as Silver State Disposal under the same terms or change the contract with suggested changes
by the City. Mr. Kennedy stated that if the corporation continues to operate as the Southern
Nevada Disposal Service, Inc. it will cost them more in income tax, and they would like to
have the contract transferred to their own company, which would reduce the cost.

The City Manager advised that a letter is being written by the attorney for the Disposal Service
enumerating the changes they would like made in the existing contract, and at the time this is
received the City Commission can determine what changes, if any, they desire, after which 
further negotiations can be made on this matter.

Commissioner Bunker asked if it would be necessary to readvertise if there are any changes in
the contract.

City Attorney Cannon advised that if there are any major changes, it might be necessary to 
readvertise.

Commissioner Fountain stated that there are some changes he would like to see made in the 
contract.

7-16-58