this 27th day of February, 1959 was called to order at the hour of 4:00 P.M. by Mayor
Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Deputy City Attorney	Sidney Whitmore

Acting City Clerk	Robert F. Boos

Absent: Commissioner	Reed Whipple

PROPOSED STATE	City Manager Kennedy presented four proposed Charter Changes, dealing with FLOOD CONTROL,

LEGISLATION	CIVIL SERVICE BOARD, ADOPTION OF ORDINANCES and SIDEWALK LIABILITY.

He advised the Commission that the proposed changes had been transmitted to Senator
Mahlon Brown and that the purpose of the meeting at this time on these changes was to
make sure the Board was in agreement on all of the proposed changes.

After considerable discussion, it was suggested that the City Attorney's Office give
some further study to the sidewalk liability problem and report back to the Board
next week.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the four proposed charter changes be approved for
transmission to the Clark County Delegation provided an affidavit is obtained from
Commissioner Whipple indicating his approval of transmission of the charter changes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

The following is an affidavit signed by Commissioner Reed Whipple who was absent from
this meeting:

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

REED WHIPPLE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says that he was unable to
attend a Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held Friday, February 27,

1959 at 4:00 P.M. in the Office of the Mayor; that he has examined the proposed charter
changes and the action of the Mayor and Board of Commissioners as taken at that meeting,
and that he does hereby vote in favor of the action taken by the Mayor and Board the
same as though he had been present at the meeting.

/s/ REED WHIPPLE______________

REED WHIPPLE, COMMISSIONER
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 27th day of February, 1959.

/s/ ROBERT F.  BOOS______________

ROBERT F. BOOS, Acting City Clerk

BUDGET HEARING	City Manager	Kennedy advised the Mayor and Board of City Commissioners that ten days

March 11, 1959	notice was required for the Public Hearing on the Budget and recommended that Wednesday,

March 11, 1959, 7:30 P.M. be set as the time for Public Hearing on the Budget.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the City Clerk be instructed to publish Notice of Public
Hearing on the Budget setting the time and date of Public Hearing on the Budget as
Wednesday, March 11, 1959, 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

ASSISTANT CHIEF POLICE	Commissioner	Fountain brought up the subject of the salary of the Assistant Chief Police

SALARY	and the fact	that it was his understanding that it was their intent that the salaries of

the Assistant Chief Police and the Assistant Fire Chief be equal; however, he understood
that the Assistant Fire Chief was at a higher salary than the Assistant Police Chief.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Mayor and Board of. Commissioners that the two schedules
were equal but than when Art Trelease was transferred from Building Inspection back to the
Fire Department, he was already at a rate of $715.00 as Supervisor of Building and Safety
and his salary as a result was not moved back when he was appointed Acting Assistant Fire
Chief.

After further discussion, City Manager Kennedy was requested to take whatever action was
necessary to place the Assistant Police Chief at the same rate as the Acting Assistant
Fire Chief so that their salaries will have been equal from the time the appointment as
Acting Fire Chief was made.

-0O0-

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 5:00 P.M.
Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

	Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:	

ROBERT F.  BOOS,  Acting City Clerk	C. D.  BAKER, Mayor

2-27-59