Las Vegas, Nevada
February 19, 1958

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held this 19th day of February, 1958 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

Works Engineer	Victor B. Uehling

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of

NO. 100-35	Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to meet and review the assessments

Public Hearing on	and hear any objections to said assessments which may be made on the proposed 

Assessment Roll	improvements in Assessment District No. 100-35; the same being the improvement of

	East Charleston Boulevard from 15th Street to Fremont Street, as shown on the 

Assessment Roll No. 36-1958.

The Mayor then asked if any written objections concerning said assessment roll
had been filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered that there
were none.

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any objections, suggestions, 
comments, or raise any questions concerning said special assessment roll.

Mr. Joe Roberts, representing Messrs. Charlie Steele, Charles Jonas, J.E. Williams
and himself, owners of the property known as the Crestwood Shopping Center, 
appeared before the Board. Mr. Roberts said that the proposed plans showed a 12½
foot sidewalk adjacent to Charleston Boulevard, and they would like this cut down
to 5 feet so that they could retain the parking in this area. Mr. Roberts stated
that if the 12½ foot sidewalk was installed that they would lose half of the
parking facilities.

The Commission asked if all the property owners in this block agreed to this
change. Mr. Roberts advised the Board that all property owners except one, Dr.
Fisher were present, and the Doctor had authorized Mr. Williams to request this
change.

Commissioner Sharp moved the plans for Assessment District No. 100-35 be modified
to show a 5 foot sidewalk on the south side of Charleston Boulevard from Eastern
Avenue to the east limits of the district, instead of a 12½ foot sidewalk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner: Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

His Honor asked if there were any further objections.

Mr. Leopold Pahor, owner of the property at 2000 East Charleston stated that his
building already had a sidewalk in front of it, and there was no need for another.
He requested that there be no sidewalk installed in front of his property or his
sister's Gabryella Hrast.

Mr. Pahor was advised there has to be uniformity in each block, and referred the
matter to the City Engineer to see if it can be worked out.

Mayor Baker asked for a standing vote of the property owners in favor of the District. 
There were thirty-eight people who stood up.

His Honor asked for a standing vote of the property owners opposed to the District.
No one present objected.

Commissioner Bunker moved the hearing on the Assessment Roll for Assessment District
No. 100-35 be recessed until March 5, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VACATION OF	This being the continuation of the public hearing on the vacation of a forty-two

CHARLESTON BLVD.	strip of land on the north and south sides of Charleston Boulevard from 15th Street

	to Fremont Street, His Honor asked if there were any objections to this vacation.

None were voiced or filed.

Commissioner Bunker moved the portion of this street be vacated and the following
order adopted:

ORDER OF VACATION

A Petition, dated the 10th day of December, 1956, signed by thirty-seven
(37) freeholders residing in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk
of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of a portion of East Charleston Boulevard, 
hereinafter described, and said petition having been by order of this Board
referred to the City Planning Commission for its recommendation in the premises,
and said Planning Commission having filed its report, dated November 18, 1957,
with this Board, approving and recommending such vacation;

2-19-58