held this 29th day of September, 1959 was called to order at the hour 9:00 A. M.
with the following members present:

Mayor	Oran K. Gragson	Acting City Manager	Robert D. Heath

Commissioner E. W. Fountain	City Attorney	Calvin M. Cory

Commissioner Reed Whipple

Absent:	Commissioner Elwell

Commissioner Sharp

GARBAGE CONTRACT	Mayor Gragson opened the meeting regarding the transfer of the franchise for the

AGREEMENTS	City Garbage Contract from the Southern Nevada Disposal Service, Inc. to the Silver

State Disposal Company and asked Calvin Cory, City Attorney, to state to the gentlemen 
Transfer from	from the Southern Nevada Disposal Service, Inc. the desires of the City Commission.

Southern Nevada

Disposal Service,	Mr. Cory stated that as he understood it the Commission would probably have no 

Inc. to Silver	objection to the proposed transfer provided certain safeguards would be included and

State Disposal	become a part of the assignment to which the assignee would agree and which would become

Company	a part of the assignment; namely, that prior to the assignment the Commission would

be provided with a detailed statement of the equipment owned, and which would be
Resolution	owned, and maintained by the assignee.

Adopted

Tom Foley, Attorney representing the Southern Nevada Disposal Service, Inc., informed
the Board that he did not want to represent this equipment to be free and clear as
Max Chason was the legal owner until the indebtedness to him was paid off.

Mr. Cory continued further the Commission would like, before this assignment was
approved, to have a financial statement relative to the assets and liabilities of
Silver State Disposal Company both prior to the assignment and also immediately
after.

Mr. Foley stated the assets of this new company would be identical with the old
company, save and except the valuation of the franchise of the City of North Las
Vegas. Mr. Hibbs, Accountant for the Southern Nevada Disposal Service, Inc., explained
that the capital stock of the aforesaid company would be transferred to the Silver
State Disposal Company and certain assets would be taken into Silver State Disposal
Company.

Commissioner Whipple advised that they were concerned with the transfer of the
equipment and whether or not such equipment would be adequate to take care of the
garbage contract for the City of Las Vegas and if such equipment would be assigned
solely to the City of Las Vegas and not to the County or North Las Vegas, in the
event it would become necessary for the City to take over and keep the service 
continuing.

V. Gray Gubler, Attorney representing Max Chason, stated there would be no discontinuing 
of service as the agreement with Mr. Chason provided that he would take
over if a default was made. Mr. Gubler added his client had no objection to the transfer
subject to the condition that Max Chason would be shown as legal owner of this equipment 
until the indebtedness to him was satisfied.

Commissioner Fountain asked if there was ample equipment at this time to transfer
this equipment and give adequate service to the City of Las Vegas. Mr. Foley replied
they deemed it more than adequate and that two new trucks were being acquired next
Tuesday; further this equipment would be owned by the Silver State Disposal Company,
which company would be responsible for service in the City of Las Vegas.

Mr. Cory stated there was one other condition which he wished to mention regarding the
right of the City to disallow or disregard for rate-making purposes any increased
valuations resulting from said assignment or any expenditures which the City might
determine to be excessive or unnecessary.

Mr. Foley stated he felt the City already had that right as the Silver State
Disposal Company would be operating under the same contract but they were willing to
accept this condition. Mr. Hibbs stated he believed the rate setting was a power the
Commission had under ordinance however they might arrive at their conclusions for
the rates. Mr. Cory stated this was true and only the Commission could fix the rates;
however, it was the feeling this should be spelled out as there might be new 
stockholders who were unaware of this fact.

Commissioner Fountain said there should also be provision made for a certified audit
at least once a year, said audit to be certified by the firm making the audit. Mr.

Foley stated Clarence Hibbs of the Certified Public Accounting firm of Conway, Moe and
Hibbs, would actually be doing the work and setting up the books and making 
recommendations; therefore, this firm could not technically certify an audit performed by them.

Mr. Hibbs stated the procedure he contemplated, if the transfer was granted and they
were able to organize these companies, would entail considerable revamping of books and
his firm would make these determinations. He stated further that they hoped to see the
day when the company would handle its own firm accounting and they would then take the
position of independent auditors of the compary, however, this could not happen for
about a year after this transfer. Commissioner Whipple was of the opinion this could
be accomplished within a year.

Mayor Gragson stated that what the City wanted was for Mr. Hibbs' firm to state
that to the best of their knowledge and ability that such an audit was true and
correct.

Mr. Gubler requested, as representative of the encumbrance holder, that before
the assignment was finalized by the approval of the City Commission, he would like
to see these documents to protect his client, Max Chason.

9-29-59