HEATING. AIR 	Commissioner Sharp moved the following appointments he made to the Heating, Air

CONDITIONING &	Conditioning and Refrigeration Board:

REFRIGERATION;

BOARD	MASTERS:

Appointments	Ned Bearden	1124	Cahlan Drive	York Air Conditioning

John Pinjuv	4093	Paradise Road	Vegas Htg	&	Sheet	Metal

Harold Faulkner	1708	Mesquite	MFS, Inc.

JOURNEYMEN:

Jack Barquist	416	N. Main	Vegas Htg	&	Sheet	Metal

Lincoln Holley	2309	Howard	Ruppert Plumbing

ENGINEER:

Gale Emery	4th & Stewart	Southern Nevada Power

LAYMAN:

Everett Johnson	1714	Lewis Ave.	Southwest Gas Corp.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

AUDIT 1958-1959	At the last meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, held November 4, 1959; the

Audit for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1959 was awarded to the firm of Bunker,
Alternate Proposal	Jones & Co., on the basis of low bid. City Manager Kennedy reported to the 

Commission that it was the opinion of the City Attorney that the City could accept the
Bunker, Jones & Co.	alternate proposal of Bunker, Jones & Co., based on the premise that a bid on this

matter was not essential, but done as a matter of policy only, and as a practical
matter it appeared that the alternate bid would be more beneficial to the City.

The Commissioners were in agreement with this opinion that the City should accept
the alternate proposal at a rate of $500 per month, which would include consultation
and assistance on accounting problems that might arise within the City's organization.

SALE OF SURPLUS	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Finance Department had recently

EQUIPMENT	advertised for sale one National Bookkeeping Machine and had received one bid from

the Las Vegas City Employees Federal Credit Union in the amount of $175 ,and it was
Bookkeeping	the recommendation of the Director of Finance that this bid be accepted as it was

Machine (National)	a fair price.

Approved	Commissioner Whipple moved the sale of the National Bookkeeping Machine to the Las

Vegas City Employees Federal Credit Union for $175 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

SALE OF SURPLUS	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Finance Department had also

EQUIPMENT	received a bid on the Addressograph Machine from the City Manager of the City of

Laramie, Wyoming, in the amount of $2,400 and they would come and get it; however,
Addressograph	it was recommended by the Director of Finance that this bid be rejected as the

Machine	estimated value of this equipment is $3,250, and that it be readvertised in the

California area.

Bid rejected

Commissioner Fountain moved the bid received from the City of Laramie for the
Addressograph Machine be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

NEVADA DAY	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that at the regular meeting of the

MAGAZINE AD	Board of City Commissioners, held July 15, 1959, approval had been given for the

City to participate, along with the County and Fair and Recreation Board, in an
Payment Denied	advertisement in the Nevada Day Magazine, subject to proof being submitted to the

City Manager for approval before publication. Mr. Kennedy stated this proof had
never been sent to him and a bill had now been received in the amount of $50.

Commissioner Fountain moved payment of the Nevada Day Magazine ad in the amount
of $50 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

CHILD WELFARE NURSE	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission the Child Welfare Nurse, Diane Schnaer,

had submitted her resignation for the reason of ill health, to be effective
Diane Schnaer	January 1, 1960.

Resolution of Commendation

Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution, commending Diane Schnaer,
Adopted	for her fine services, be adopted and order made:

11-18-59