BO PEEP CHILD NURSERY	The Commission received a report from the Child Welfare Board requesting that the owners

Notice to Show Cause	of the Bo Peep Nursery, 104 Baltimore he cited to show cause why their license should not

be revoked for the following reasons:

1.	Failure to bring the premises up to required Health and Safety
requirements.

2.	Care of children in excess of the 9 authorized under the license.

3.	Failure to comply with written and verbal notice of corrections
to be made regarding the above.

Commissioner. Fountain moved that John and Helen Buetner, owners of the Bo Peep Nursery,

104 Baltimore be notified to appear at the next regular meeting on September 17, 1958
to show cause why their license should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

MERITORIOUS SALARY	City Manager Kennedy	presented the meritorious salary increases for September, as approved

INCREASES	by the Civil Service	Board, and recommended they be approved.

Commissioner Whipple moved the meritorious salary increases be approved:

NAME	DEPARTMENT	STEP SCHEDULE DOLLARS

Laverne Davis	Finance	-	Treas.	3-4	18	295-308

James Arlin	Police	2-3	27	427-447

Robert V. Lewis	"	1-2	27	407-427

John D. McCarthy	"	1-2	27	407-427

Lena Norried	Public	Works-Bldg. Insp.          2-3	17	258-269

Victor Uehling	"	"	-Eng.	3-4	37	715-750

Keith J. Crawford	"	"	- "	3-4	32	563-591

Thomas E. Lawhorn	"	"	-Street	1-2	18	269-282

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

RESOLUTION	City Manager Kennedy	presented a resolution to the Water District concerning the 

Water District	distribution system and	planning for additional water within the City limits. He stated

that this resolution	requests that information and plans be furnished the Commission as

to how they intend to adequately provide water service for future growth and development
within the City.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the creation of the Las Vegas Valley Water District was authorized
by Chapter 167, Laws of Nevada, 1947, to provide for the procurement, storage, 
distribution and sale of water and rights in the use thereof from Lake Mead for industrial,
irrigation, municipal and domestic uses and was given the power and authority to carry
out the provisions of said Act; and

WHEREAS, an election was held under the provisions of said Act and the 
establishment of said District was overwhelmingly approved by the qualified electors within
the boundaries of said District; and

WHEREAS, the said District operates under a Board of Directors elected by the
qualified electors within the boundaries of said District and the said Board in its
conduct of the affairs of the District is governed solely by the terms of Chapter 167,

Laws of Nevada, 1947, as amended, without any control of its affairs except as by the
Act provided; and by the Legislature of Nevada; and

WHEREAS, the objects and purposes of the Act to be attained place the 
responsibility therefore "to complete, extend, add to, repair or otherwise improve any works or
improvements or property acquired" solely and squarely upon the Board of Directors, making
it their duty and responsibility to service new areas with a sufficient, close, supply
of water with sufficient pressure to meet the needs of the public; and

WHEREAS, the Director of Planning received a communication dated August 22, 1958,
signed by the Chief Engineer and General Manager of the Water District that a water supply
is not available to service Greater Las Vegas Addition No. 3 "since there is no capacity
remaining after present commitments in either the 12-inch line on 25th Street or the
12-inch line on Foremaster. The nearest point at which an adequate supply is available is
at the intersection of 25th and Charleston"; and

WHEREAS, since the date of August 22, 1958, the newspapers have carried stories
that the District now may have a plan which will guarantee water service to Greater Las
Vegas No. 3; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is greatly concerned
as to whether the District has adequately planned for the prospective development of the
City of Las Vegas as a whole; and

WHEREAS, in the opinion of the Board of Commissioners it is essential that plans
must be made immediately for the expansion of water distribution facilities to adequately
provide for the development and expansion of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, if such plans are not adopted with all possible speed it would be a
drastic blow to the development and expansion of the City not only by curtailing the
construction of badly needed housing, but also by preventing the employment of many
citizens of the City in the home construction industry; and

WHEREAS, if the City of Las Vegas is to continue to grow, adequate water service
to all areas within its boundaries is a necessity; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners, in the interest of the welfare of the
citizens of the City of Las Vegas, feels that it should be advised of the plans of the

9-3-58