VACATION PETITION	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission that the

13th Street	petition of St. Anne's Catholic Church for the vacation of a portion of 13th Street

in Lots 1 and 2, Block 19 and Lot 6, Block 18, Huntridge No. 4

Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on this petition for the vacation of a
portion of 13th Street be set for September 10, 1958 at 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT (U-15-58)	Consideration was given to the application of Elinor Elsenhans for a use permit to

Elinor Elsenhans	conduct a pearl restringing business as a home occupation at 513 West Essex Drive

(Lot 671, Block 15, Hyde Park No. 4) in an R-1 zone.

Planning Director Bills advised this was approved by the Board of Zoning Adjustment
subject to the conditions that no signs or other forms of advertising be displayed on
the premises and that operation be reviewed annually by the License Department.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application be approved subject to the conditions
set forth, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a
regular meeting held on the 6th day of August, 1958, having considered the application
of Elinor Elsenhans for a use permit to conduct a pearl restringing business as a
home occupation at 513 West Essex Drive (Lot 671, Block 15, Hyde Park No. 4) in an
R-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Zoning Adjustment
approving this application subject to certain conditions;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Elinor
Elsenhans for use permit be approved subject to the conditions that no signs or other
forms of advertising be displayed on the premises and that operation be reviewed
annually by the License Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SEWER MAIN INSTALLATION     Commissioner Whipple moved permission be granted to secure bids for the installation of
Hyde Park, J.C. Fremont            sewer mains on St. Louis Avenue from Maryland Parkway westerly and a connection to the
& St. Louis	J.C. Fremont Swimming Pool, and a sewer main to connect the Hyde Park Swimming Pool.

To Secure Bids	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CIVIL AERONAUTICS	Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

BOARD

Resolution - Dallas to
West Coast Case

WHEREAS, the Civil Aeronautics Board by a press release decision has
tentatively voted to defer the decision of the need for improved airline service in
the Dallas to the West Coast Service Case, insofar as such service would affect Las Vegas;
and

WHEREAS, the Civil Aeronautics Board has stated that the determination of
the need for such service is to be postponed until the same time as the decision is
made in the Southern Transcontinental Service Case which is now pending before the
Board; and

WHEREAS, the delay in the decision of the Dallas to the West Service Case
could mean that Las Vegas would not receive the needed service from Texas for as long
as three (3) years; and

WHEREAS, the increased travel now passing through Las Vegas will be greatly
increased with the imminent completion of the Las Vegas Convention Hall and the needs
of Las Vegas are such that a delay will be harmful to all the people of this area; and

WHEREAS, much time, effort and expense has been put into the presentation of
the need for such service, all of which will be duplicated in the Southern Trans-
continental Case; and

WHEREAS, the delay in the decision is contrary to the best interests of the
people of the entire Las Vegas Valley,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, at a meeting hereof held on the 6th day of August, 1958, that the
Civil Aeronautics Board be asked to immediately decide the balance of the Dallas to the
West Service Case and not delay the decision until the conclusion of the Southern
Transcontinental Service Case.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 6th day of August, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Commissioner Bunker left the meeting.

RESOLUTION OF        		    Commissioner Fountain introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

COMMENDATION

Optimist Clubs	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, it has came to the attention of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas that the Optimists Clubs of our City are sponsoring, along with
the City's Recreation Department, the NEVADA STATE AMATEUR UNION SWIMMING AND DIVING
CHAMPIONSHIPS on August 8th and 9th, 1958; and

8-6-58