

/



NORTH 12TH STREET	Mr. Kennedy reported, that the Housing Authority was willing to dedicate right-of-way

Right-of-Way	for North 12th Street from Mesquite to Marlin, if the City would write

them a letter that there would be no assessment district for the improve-
ment of this street in the near future.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be referred to the City Manager to
write a letter.

Motion seconded, by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 

Commissioner Fountain absent:

PURCHASE OF ANGLE	The City Manager presented a request for a purchase order in the amount of

BLADE	$1200.00 to Cashman for the purchase of an angle blade for the City's 

	caterpillar. Mr. Kennedy stated that the actual cost of this blade is $3200,

but that they will give us $2,000 for the trade in of the dozer blade presently on this cat.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Purchase Requisition No. 366 to Cashman in the
total amount of $1200.00 for an angle blade for the caterpillar be approved
and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

ASSESSMENT BONDS	Mr. Kennedy advised the Board that he has received a letter from Grant

Robison of the State Board of Finance stating that they will definitely sub-
mit a bid on our special assessment bonds.

PARKING METERS	The City Manager reported that Duncan Miller Meter Company is making the

^	change over of meters, and the Police Department has requested that the time

schedule be changed in the following areas from 5₵

 to 10₵

 meters:

1.	On Carson Street between Main Street and 7th Street.

2.	On Ogden Street between Main and 6th Streets.

Mr. Kennedy recommended that this request be approved.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation be accepted and the City Attorney 

authorized to prepare the necessary resolution to accomplish this change.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: 

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 

				Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

JOHN C. FREMONT	Mr. Kennedy stated that a letter has been received from the Clark County

. SCHOOL Driveway	School District concerning the driveway approaches at the John C. Fremont

	School on St. Louis Avenue.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be instructed to prepare an easement for this driveway.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

TRAFFIC SIGNAL &	The City Manager reported that in the installation of the Standard Oil

LIGHT RELOCATION	service station at 5th and Bonanza the traffic signal and one of the light

standards will have to be moved. He advised the Commission that the 

Standard Oil Company has written a letter stating that the bid of Nevada 

Electric is acceptable to them and that they will pay the cost of this 

relocation, if the City will handle the contract. Mr. Kennedy stated that the
City Attorney's office has advised that the City is covered by the bond
posted by Standard Oil Company.

Commissioner Whipple moved the letter of Standard Oil Company relative to
the proposition for the relocation of the traffic signal and light standard at 5th 

and Bonanza be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting ay; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

SEWER CONNECTION	Discussion was held on the proposed agreement for	the	connection of the Atomic

AEC	Energy Commission building on the Tonopah Highway	too	the	City Sewer. The 

Commission requested that this matter be referred to the Engineering Department
and John A. Carollo for recommendation.

PALM MORTUARY	Mr. Kennedy reported that Messrs. Woodbury and DeVoe of Palm Mortuary had signed

Money due	City	a promissory note in the total amount of $4,287.25 on	the	account owed the City,

^	agreeing to pay at the rate of $150.00 per month,	with no	interest charged, which

would pay off their obligations some time in 1960. The promissory note was not
acceptable to the Board and they suggested it be referred back to the City Attorney.



JOURNEYMAN PLUMBERS 	It was reported that two individuals has passed the Journeyman Plumbers examination, 
LICENSES	but that the Plumbers Examining Board would not issue their licenses.

/

Commissioner Sharp moved that Journeyman Plumbers licenses be granted to Tom
Rubideaux and James Moreland.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 

Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

11-20-57