Court of any decision of a District Court which might hold such an ordinance 
unconstitutional.

Mr. Cory pointed out that this proposed Motel Ordinance had been introduced as 
submitted by the Motel Association and felt it should not be enacted in its present
form. Mr. Ellsworth stated they would not object to the City Attorney going over
it. Mr. Cory stated that if it was going to be a function of his office to enforce
this ordinance, he believed that he should be in agreement that it was enforceable.

At the conclusion of this discussion, Mayor Gragson stated consideration of this 
proposed ordinance would be continued.

WESTERNER CLUB	Chief of Police, Ray Sheffer, advised the Commission that the Westerner Club and

each corporate member had not complied with the request of the City Commission at
Financial Statements	their regular meeting held July 15, 1959, in regard to the filing of financial statements 

Requested	for the club itself as well as for each member. Chief Sheffer stated further

that a financial report of May 31, 1959, had been submitted by the Westerner Club,
and a financial report of May 1, 1959, had been received from George Arquilla; however,
no report had been filed by Mr. Pepple and Mr. Hart.

Chief Sheffer requested that notice be sent notifying the Corporation and each 
stockholder to file a financial statement current to July 13, 1959, with the License Bureau
of the Police Department on or before the 31st day of August, 1959.

Commissioner Sharp moved The Westerner Club, Inc., and the corporation owners, George
Arquilla, Joseph K. Hart, and Harold P. Pepple be notified to file financial statements 
current to July 13, 1959, with the License Bureau of the Police Department on
or before August 31, 1959.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

BRUCE TRENT	Commissioner Sharp stated that he wished to commend Bruce Trent, Superintendent of

Superintendent of	Recreation, and his staff for the fine manner the banquet for the presentation of

Recreation	awards for the Little League was conducted, as well as for the entire Little League

Baseball Program. Commissioner Sharp added that he felt Mr. Trent had done a 
Commendation	tremendous job and that it was a wonderful thing. Commissioners Fountain and Whipple

expressed their regrets at not being able to attend the banquet due to previous
commitments. Mayor Gragson stated he had attended and enjoyed it very much.

Commissioner Fountain moved Bruce Trent and his staff be commended for their work
in connection with the Little League Baseball activities and that this commendation
be noted in the minutes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Elwell.

-oOo-

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 9:20 p.m.
Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting be adjourned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

MARJORIE HOLTSCHLAG		GRAN K. GRAGSON	

City clerk	Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada

MINUTES	September 2, 1959

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held this 2nd day of September, 1959, was called to order at the hour of 7:30 p.m.
with the following members present:

Mayor	Oran K. Gragson

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Acting City Manager	Robert D. Heath

City Attorney	Calvin Cory

Public Works Director	Richard P. Sauer

Deputy Planning Dir.	Donald Saylor

City Clerk	Marjorie Holtschlag

Absent:

Commissioner	William H. Elwell

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

8-19-59 and 9-2-59