Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ADDITIONS TO SEWAGE	City Manager Kennedy requested permission to secure bids for the additions to

TREATMENT PLANT	the Sewage Treatment Plant.

Bids to be Received

Commissioner Fountain moved that bids for the construction of the additions to
the Sewage Treatment Plant be opened on April 2, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Ollie Larson of the Fire Department appeared before the Commission and requested 
that the salaries of the Firemen be put on an equal basis with the Police 
Department.

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 7:55
P.M. Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting recess until March 12, 1958 at 7:30
P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 12, 1958

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 12th day of March, 1958 was called to order at the hour of
7:40 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Mayor Baker announced that the last meeting was recessed pending the study of the
Budget by the Commissioners, and that as it was announced at the last meeting,
the public hearing on the budget is over. He stated that there will be several
motions in connection with the amendments to the budget as proposed.

ASSISTANT TO THE MAYOR 	Commissioner Bunker that the position commonly known as Assistant to the Mayor
Position Abolished 		be abolished immediately.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

POLICE LIEUTENANTS	Commissioner Fountain moved that in the interest of economy and the feeling that

Two Positions	the Police Department is overstaffed with lieutenants, that the positions of two

Abolished	lieutenants be abolished immediately in accordance with seniority.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

DIRECTOR OF PUBLIC	Commissioner Fountain moved that Richard Sauer, Superintendent of Streets be promoted

WORKS	 to the position of City Engineer and Director of Public Works, said position 

Appointment	to be effective not later than April 1, 1958

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker stated that he wanted the public to know that every recommendation 
that he made to the Board at a previous budget meeting has been incorporated 
almost Verbatim in the budget. He said that the one difference is
that he recommended 80 patrolmen for the Police Department, and the City Manager
recommended 83. He further stated that his recommendations were not contained
in the proposed budget prior to his making said recommendations:

BUDGET FOR 1958-59	Commissioner Whipple moved the following budget for the City of Las Vegas for the

Adopted	fiscal year of 1958-1959; as amended, be adopted:

SCHEDULE A

1958	-	59 BUDGET

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA _ ASSESSED VALUATION

3-12-58