Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

URBAN RENEWAL	The Coordinator of Urban Renewal, Franklin J. Bills, presented a recommendation for

Re-Use Appraisal	the City to enter into a standard form contract with the Real Estate Analysts, Inc.

of Los Angeles, California, to make the necessary re-use appraisal and marketability
Real Estate	study on property proposed to be acquired through the Madison School Redevelopment

Analysts, Inc.	Project.

Approved

Mr. Bills explained that out of the several proposals received, two were worthy of
serious consideration and analysis. These proposals were received from Larry Smith &
Company and Real Estate Analysts, Inc., both well-known firms in this field. The proposal
submitted by Real Estate Analysts, Inc. was based upon standard billing rates for
time and expense charges with a maximum fee of $2,650, which was considerably less
than the proposal submitted by Larry Smith & Company. Funds to cover this cost were
included in the approved budget as part of the Federal Advance for the Madison School
Redevelopment Project.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Coordinator of Urban Renewal for
the City to enter into a standard form contract with Real Estate Analysts, Inc. of
Los Angeles, California, to make the necessary re-use appraisal and marketability
study on property proposed to be acquired through the Madison School Redevelopment
Project be approved subject to the approval of the City Attorney and the Housing &

Home Finance Agency of the standard form contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes,
none, Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

BID NO. 59.57	Director of Public Works Sauer recommended Bid No. 39.37 for the installation of

Traffic Signals;	Traffic Signals at Charleston Boulevard and Highland Drive and Bonanza Road and

Chrlstn & Highland	Highland Drive be awarded to the Nevada Electric Company in the amount of $20,674.

Bonanza & Highland

Mr. Sauer advised this amount was 12% higher than the engineer's estimate; however,

Nevada Elec. Co.	this was the only bid received and the City forces were not prepared to perform

Award	this work.

Commissioner Sharp moved Bid No. 59.57 for the installation of Traffic Signals at
Charleston Boulevard and Highland Drive and Bonanza Road and Highland Drive be
awarded to the Nevada Electric Company in the amount of $20,674.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

BID NO. 59.58	Commissioner Sharp moved	Bid	No. 59.58 for Street	Repair Contract (1959-60) be awarded

Street Repair	to Wells Cargo, Inc. for	the	only bid received in	the amount of $23,640 which was

Contract (1959-60)	below the engineer's estimate.

Wells Cargo, Inc.	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Award	Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes,

none, Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

INFORMAL BID	Director of Public Works	Sauer advised three bids	were received on September 15, 1959,

#I-7-59	for Informal Bid #I-7-59	for	the installation of street lights at 28th Street and it

St. Lighting	was recommended that award be made to the Acme Electric Company in the amount of

28th Street	$1,255 on the basis of low bid, which was also below the engineer's estimate of

$1,366. Mr. Sauer informed the Board that the Acme Electric Company was performing
Acme Elec. Co.	satisfactorily on the North Main Street Lighting installation.

Award

Commissioner Whipple moved Informal Bid #I-7-59 be awarded to the Acme Electric
Company in the amount of $1,255 for the installation of street lights at 28th Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

INFORMAL BID	Mr. Sauer advised the Commission that no bids had been received on September 15, 1959,

#1-3-59	for Informal Bid #I-5-59 for a 7½ H. P. Pump for the Police Rehabilitation Farm Irrigation 

7½ H. P. Pump	System; therefore, he requested permission for the Public Works Department to again

Police Rehab. Farm                   receive informal bids on October 6, 1959 with recommendation for award to be made to
Irrigation System	the City Commission on October 7, 1959.

Approved to again	Commissioner Elwell moved the	request for	permission to again receive informal bids

receive Informal	to be opened October 6, 1959,	for 7½ H. P. Pump and Installation for the Police

Bids	Rehabilitation Farm Irrigation System, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

BID NO. 59.56	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Public Works Department that all

Sidewalks; 1st St.	bids received under Bid No. 59.56 for the installation of Sidewalks on First Street

Hoover to Boulder	from Hoover to Boulder Avenue	be rejected	on the basis that the lowest bid received

exceeded the engineer's estimate by more than 20%. It was further requested that permission 
Reject	be granted to receive informal bids for this installation eliminating the

Approved to 	excavation which would be performed by City Forces; bids to be received on October 6,

receive Informal	1959 and recommendation for award to be made to the City Commission on October 7, 1959.

Bids on 10-6-59

Commissioner Sharp moved that all bids received under Bid No. 59.56 for the installation
of Sidewalks on First Street from Hoover to Boulder avenue be rejected and permission
granted to receive informal bids, less the excavation, on October 6, 1959.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

9-16-59