LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Harry Dvorak for a Beverage

New	License at the Broasted Bar-B-Que, 2466  Las Vegas Boulevard South, be

approved on the basis of favorable police report and the Supervisor of License
Broasted Bar-B-Que	and Revenue be authorized to issue the license.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	The Commission considered the request of Cecil Lynch, doing business as the

Change of	Fortune Club, 22 Fremont, to change from a tavern operation to a package

Operation	operation under a Tavern License. This request was held in abeyance for a full

Board at the last regular meeting held October 7, 1959.

Fortune Club

Cecil Lynch stated the Fortune Club had been closed for about ten days and he
Approved	felt this change of operation would enable him to continue in his business on

a paying basis. Commissioner Elwell stated that under a Tavern License,
ordinance allows the sale of package goods. Mr. Lynch answered that he was
aware of this but it had been the policy of the Board that under a Tavern
License the primary business would be for on-premise consumption.

In view of the applicant's statement, Commissioner Fountain moved the request of
Cecil Lynch, doing business as the Fortune Club, 22 Fremont, to change from a
tavern operation to a package operation under a Tavern License be approved
subject to this license not being transferred to another location.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING Z-26-59	The Commission considered the application of Thomas T. Beam for the reclassification 

of property generally described as the southwest corner of Bonanza
Held in Abeyance	and 25th Street from R-1 and R-3 to C-1.

Denial had been recommended by the Planning Commission on the basis that this
would be an act of spot zoning and would only serve to open the door for further
spot zoning on the several existing vacant corner properties along 25th Street.
There were two protests to this application at the Planning Commission hearing.
Three prior applications for commercial zoning on 25th Street were previously
denied.

D.   Francis Horsey, Attorney representing the applicant, spoke to the Commission
in regard to this rezoning and traced briefly the three meetings of the Planning
Commission at which this application was considered. He added the impression
had been given at the last meeting that had this application been made for
rezoning of the entire block it might have received favorable consideration.

Mr. Horsey stated further that there was commercial zoning right across the
street and that the two protestants resided over 600' from the property in
question.

The applicant, Thomas Beam, advised the Commission that in 1952 when this area
was zoned R-3, it was not possible for him to develop his property, due to
circumstances beyond his control. He was of the opinion it would not be practical
to construct a dwelling on such a corner and mentioned the fact there were two
major thoroughfares there and no gas station within a mile in either direction.

He felt he had requested this rezoning in good faith and possibly this was the
ultimate use for this property and he did not believe his application should
necessarily be put aside until a complete design for further commercial
development in this presently undeveloped block could be submitted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Thomas T. Beam for the reclassification 
of property generally described as the southwest corner of Bonanza
and 25th Street from R-1 and R-3 to C-1, be held in abeyance to be discussed
further at a meeting between the Planning Commission and the City Commission
at 10:00 A.M., October 27, 1959.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT U-23-59	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Lawrence G. McNeil Company, a

Lawrence G. McNeil	California Corporation, to construct a church building at the northeast corner

Company	of Cashman Drive and West Oakey Boulevard, legally described as a tract of land

in the southwest corner of the SE¼, NW¼, Section 5; T21S, R61E, measuring 300''
Approved	north and south, and 330' east and west, with Cashman Drive as the west boundary

and Oakey Boulevard as the south boundary in an R-1 zone be approved as
recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the following
conditions:

1.	Conformance to the plot plan as submitted but including the installation of
only the required amount of off-street parking space to be hard-surfaced.

2.	Signing of an improvement agreement and filing of a bond to cover the cost of
offsite improvements for half street improvements along Cashman Drive.

3.       That the church agree to enter into an assessment district for the installation 
of improvements on West Oakey when such a district is formed, or when
improvements put in on S½ of Oakey.

4.       Dedication of 10' of right-of-way on the north side of Oakey Blvd. which
is the additional right-of-way needed to conform with the Master Plan of
Streets and Highways.

5.      Dedication of 26' of right-of-way along the east side of Cashman Drive which
is that right-of-way needed for a 51' street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

10-23-59