Las Vegas, Nevada
June 18, 1958

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 18th day of June, 1958 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Works Engineer	V.B. Uehling

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Dir. Public Works	Richard P. Sauer

VARIANCE - (V-5-58)	Consideration was given to the application of Dr. Ralph LaCanna to construct a

Dr. Ralph LaCanna	combination commercial building and upstairs hotel at 302 Lewis Street (Lots

14 through 16, Block 28, CLVT) in a C-1 zone.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that this matter has been deferred
from the Commission meetings of May 7th, May 21st and June 4th, 1958 to give Dr.
LaCanna an opportunity to secure sufficient off-street parking facilities. Mr.
Bills further reported that this application had been denied by the Board of
Adjustment because it was felt that the parking provisions were insufficient.

The Planning Director recommended that since no arrangements for the parking
facilities have been made, there is little reason to continue this matter on the
agenda until a definite plan is submitted.

Commissioner Bunker moved Dr. LaCanna's application for variance be removed from
the agenda until the definite plan for parking facilities is submitted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and Carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

REZONING - (Z-5-58)	The Commission considered the reclassification of a portion of the SE¼  of Section

Between Washington &	28, T20S, R61E generally located between Washington Avenue and Bonanza Road,

Bonanza, Highland & 		Highland Drive and "J" Street, from R-E and R-3 to C-1; and R-E to R-2.

"J" Streets

Planning Director Bills advised the Board that this rezoning was initiated and
Approved	approved by the Planning Commission. Mr. Bills presented a map of the area 

involved and reported that there were no protests to this proposed rezoning. He
further advised the Commission that approximately 30 property owners had been
notified of hearing on this rezoning.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this proposed rezoning. None
were voiced or filed.

Commissioner Fountain moved that application Z-5-58 for the reclassification of
a portion of the SE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E from R-E and R-3 to C-1; and R-E
to R-2 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

URBAN RENEWAL AREA	Commissioner Bunker moved that Resolution No. 3 of the Urban Renewal Area Advisory

ADVISORY COMMITTEE	Committee relative to "Open Occupancy" and "Open Market" in the City of Las

Resolution on "Open 		Vegas be held in abeyance until a full Board is present.

Occupancy" & "Open

Market"	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: 

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 
Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

ONE-HOUR PARKING	Consideration was given to the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking 

South 5th Street	Commission for one-hour parking regulations on both sides of South 5th Street from

Garces Avenue to Charleston Boulevard.

Planning Director Bills requested that action on this recommendation be continued
to permit several questions to be checked with the Traffic Engineer.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be continued until the next 
regular meeting of the Commission on July 2, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent-
Commissioner Whipple.

TRAFFIC SIGNALS	Planning Director Bills presented the request of the Southern Nevada Memorial

W. Charleston &	Hospital for the installation of traffic signals at the intersection of West

Rancho Road	Charleston Boulevard and Rancho Road. Mr. Bills advised the Board that the 

Traffic and Parking Commission denied this request because of the prohibitive cost.

Mr. Bills reported that they also recommended that the appropriate City 
Departments in cooperation with the State Highway Department, prepare a study to 
determine the feasibility of the extension of Rancho Road on a straight north-south
basis from Palomino Lane to Rancho Drive.

Commissioner Sharp moved the matter of the extension of Rancho Road on a north-
south basis from Palomino Lane to Rancho Drive be referred to the Traffic and

Parking Commission and Planning Commission for study and recommendation, and the

6-18-58