EMPLOYEE / CONDUCT	Mr. Kennedy discussed the problem of department heads and employees going directly to the

Administrative	Mayor and City Commissioners on City business or personal problems related to city business

Channels	instead of through their immediate supervisors or their department heads to the City Manager.

The Mayor and Commissioners present reaffirmed their policy and the policy that has been in
effect for some period of time that the employees of the City of Las Vegas will go to their
immediate supervisor first — if the question involves more than that, they will go to the
head of their department. If the problem is not resolved at that level they will both go
to the City Manager's office. Then if it cannot be resolved it will go before the Commission.
Department heads will follow the same procedure from the level of the department head to the
City Manager.

In the case of employees or department heads going directly to the Mayor or City Commissioners,
the Mayor or Commissioners will refer the matter to the City Manager and the employee will
receive his answer through his department head.

APPOINTMENT OF ACTING Commissioner Whipple moved that the appointment of Robert F. Boos as Acting City Clerk until
CITY CLERK	such time as permanent City Clerk is selected be approved.

Robert F. Boos	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

There being no further business to come before the Commission, Commissioner Whipple moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 3; 1958

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
3rd day of September, 1958. was called to order at the hour of 7:35 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.	D.	Baker

Commissioner	E.	W.	Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Asst. City Atty	Ralston O. Hawkins

Acting City Clerk	Robert F. Boos

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Dir. Public Works	R.	P.	Sauer

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Mayor Baker announced that the record would show that Commissioner Wendell Bunker is absent
from the meeting because of illness.



PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants in the estimated net amount of

$82,000.00 for pay period August 16 through August 31, 1958 be approved.



           Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Fountain moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2605 through 2779 in

WARRANTS	the total amount of $128,273.52'be approved.

         Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker

CREDIT UNION WARRANT Commissioner Fountain moved that a warrant in an estimated amount of $15,000 for Credit

Union withholding be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of August 20 be approved by reference and the minutes

of August 27, 1958 be corrected to instruct the City Attorney to draw an appropriate resolution 
to the Water District for presentation at the next regular meeting, and approved by
reference as corrected, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for charitable solicitation permits

PERMITS	be approved, as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, and the Supervisor of License

and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

First Methodist Church
Senior Girl Scout Troop #47
8-27-58  9-3-58	United Fund of Clark County