Director of Public Works Sauer advised it would be possible to connect sewer lines
in this tract to an existing line on Rancho Road on a temporary basis and that the
San Francisco main interceptor line would be installed in a year or two.

Mr. Bills stated that this proposed annexation would probably preclude Federal Aid
Secondary Funds for San Francisco Avenue; however, this factor should not be used as
a basis for recommending denial of this annexation as sometime in the future San
Francisco will be placed on the Federal Primary System which does not preclude the use
of funds in urban areas.

Mr. Bills advised that the Planning Commission recommended approval; however, further,
recommended that the resolution of intent to annex be deferred until the possibility
and feasibility to include the Golden Gate Industrial Tract which is contiguous
immediately to the east could be investigated. Mr. Bills stated further that the
description presently furnished by the petitioner was not sufficiently detailed and
defined to permit its use in resolution of intent to annex as the "westerly line of
the proposed U. S. Freeway" would not be sufficient to record an annexation and he
had advised their engineer to submit a more detailed description.

Commissioner Fountain moved that petition of the T-J Enterprises for the annexation
of approximately 120 acres generally located on the south side of San Francisco
west of Rancho Road be held in abeyance pending a more detailed legal description
and pending investigation of the possibility of including the Golden Gate Industrial
Tract in this annexation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Sharp voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker and Mayor Pro Tem Reed Whipple.

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS #8             Planning Director Bills presented the revised tentative map of a portion of
Revised Tentative Map                  Charleston Heights #8 submitted by the Land O' Sun Land Company. A previous 
tentative map, including this property, and other units of Charleston Heights #8 was
Approved	formerly approved by the Planning Commission and the Board of City Commissioners.

Mr. Bills explained that this revision consisted merely of a redesign of the lots
which would permit the addition of two lots. He stated further that this subdivision
would have a private water supply and when final map is approved there should be some
agreement in this regard similar to the one we have with Golfridge Terrace Unit #1.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the revised tentative map for Charleston Heights #8
be approved subject to agreement being signed by subdivider guarantying water supply
prior to approval of final map.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Sharp voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker and Mayor Pro Tem Reed Whipple.

VARIANCE (V-7-59)	The Commission again considered the application of Nick Komer for a variance	to 

Nick Komer	construct a building within 5' of the rear property	line on property located at	1121

South 3rd between Charleston and 4th Place, legally described as Lot 8, Block 21,
Referred to Board of	Boulder Addition in an R-4 zone. There were two	protests. Approval was recommended

Zoning Adjustment	by Board of Adjustment; however, application was	referred to the Traffic and	Parking

Commission by the Board of City Commissioners at their regular meeting held June 3,
1959, for study in regard to off-street parking requirements.

Planning Director Bills stated that the proposed parking was in direct violation of
the parking provisions of the zoning ordinance which does not allow backing over the
sidewalk; therefore, the Traffic and Parking Commission recommended denial. The
applicant said he would revise his plans and only build four units thereby only requiring 
four pairing spaces; however, according to his plans, he would still have
improper parking and a building permit could not be issued.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Nick Komer for a variance to
construct a building within 5' of the rear property line on property located at
1121 South 3rd between Charleston and 4th Place, be referred back to the Board of
Zoning Adjustment for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Sharp voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker and Mayor Pro Tem Reed Whipple.

ANNEXATION REQUEST	Commissioner Fountain moved that the request of James Cashman, Sr., for the 

James Cashman, Sr.	annexation of a portion of the unincorporated township of Winchester, legally described

as the NE¼, Section 6, T 21 S, R 61 E, M.D.B. & M., consisting of 63.6 acres more
Referred to	or less, be referred to the Planning Department.

Planning Dept.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Sharp voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker and Mayor Pro Tem Reed Whipple.

ANNEXATION REQUEST	Commissioner Fountain moved that the request	of J. Maher Weller, Architect, on be-

Marion Schneider	half of Marion A. Schneider, for the annexation of property described as Lots 13 and

16, Block 2, Hinson Heights (southeast comer of Arville Street and Charleston Boulevard), 
Referred to	be referred to the Planning Department.

Planning Dept.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Sharp voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker and Mayor Pro Tem Reed Whipple.

BID NO. 59.23	Commissioner Elwell moved that Bid No. 39.23	for Street Repair Contract be held in

Street Repair Contract	abeyance for further study as recommended by	the Public Works Department.

Abeyance	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and	carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Sharp voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker and Mayor Pro Tem Reed Whipple.

6-17-59