The first years' cost of adopting this schedule is approximately $8,000 which
would mean that to place the Fire personnel in this schedule would cost 
approximately $8,000 above that which was budgeted for the year 1958.59. In the second
and third year, or such time as personnel might reach their maximum of this 
schedule, the total possible annual cost of this schedule above the survey schedule
would be approximately $28,692.00.

Indiscussion with the Fire Department personnel, they made an additional request
that Engineer, Captain and Battalion Chief positions be placed on higher schedules
so that the Fire Department schedules would be as follows:

Position	Schedule

Chief	42

Asst. Chief	36

Battalion Chief	34

Captain	32

Engineer	29

	Fireman	27

The first years' cost of making this second adjustment which would change engineers,
captains and battalion chiefs, would be an additional $2400.00. The additional
cost in two or three years, or when all personnel might reach the top of their
schedule would be approximately $20,280.00 per year.

Mr. Kennedy continued that in trying to figure the problem of which schedule
should be used and what to compare them to, one way would be: Chief to Chief,

Assistant Chief to Assistant Chief, Patrolman to Fireman; this is not the great
problem. The Fire Engineer has no equal in the Police Department. You compare
them, Fire Captain to Police Sergeant, Battalion Chief to Lieutenant, with the
Fire Engineer coming up one step above the Fireman. The Firemen's Benefits 
Association brought up the question of the Battalion Chief compared to a Captain in the
Police Department, when you appoint one, and leaving the comparison to the Police
Sergeant and the Fire Engineer. But then you reach a point of creating new 
positions which you do not need, which you will have to deal with when the time
comes for creating those positions.

Mayor Baker asked the City Manager what his recommendation was.

Mr. Kennedy answered the Mayor by saying that he would like to finish out before
he made any recommendation.

The Mayor asked if the City Manager's recommendation was within the personnel, and
if it can be taken care of as projected? Mr. Kennedy answered yes.

Mayor Baker then asked if the time and call in these two departments was commensurate.

City Manager Kennedy stated that it is hard to try to compare back and forth since
they are two different functions. He stated that the time off and call to duty
along with vacations are about the same; but it would have to be determined whether
to stop outside work in the Fire Department.

Commissioner Fountain asked if outside work wasn't also permitted in the Police 
Department.

Police Chief Sheffer answered that outside work was permitted only on vacations or
in case of emergency, and then only permitted four hours a day.

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Fountain again asked the City Manager for his 
recommendation.

City Manager Kennedy stated that if the Commission has conceded to bring the 
Police and Fire Departments up to the same schedule, then his recommendation was
as follows: 27-27-30-33-36-42.

Commissioner Bunker then stated that this makes them lineup this way:

Patrolman	27	Fireman

- 0 -	28	Fire Engineer

Police Sergeant	30	Captain

Lieutenant	33	Battalion Chief

Asst. Chief	36	Asst. Chief

Chief	42	Chief

Captain Wimberly of the Fire Department was present at this time and stated that
two years ago the Police and Fire Departments were on the same schedule; Fireman
to Patrolman; Engineer to Sgt; Captain to Lts; and Assistant Chiefs and Chiefs.

Commissioner Bunker stated that he felt this should have been studied long before
this by the Commission. That it should have been gone into entirely before making
a decision; it is a complex problem, and the whole plan should be studied, along
with several other things the City needs to do. Commissioner Bunker continued
that there appears to be the possibility of a tie vote, and he felt the 
Commission should meet between now and the first of July and make a decision. 
Commissioner Sharp agreed there should be a meeting.

Commissioner Bunker further stated that this matter should be studied so the 
members of the Commission would be familiar with it.

Mayor Baker stated that it was his opinion that the recommendation of the City
Manager should be adopted.

Commissioner Bunker indicated that he was not ready to vote.

Mayor Baker stated there might have to be a compromise and the two positions in
question adjusted since other employees are being held up if the Commission is
not ready to adopt the Pay Plan.

6-18-58