a)	SALVATION ARMY - Annual street "Kettle Donation Drive"

b)	HYDE PARK JR. HIGH P.T.A. - Rummage Sales

c)	LOYAL ORDER OF THE MOOSE - Charity Auction

d)	WOMEN OF THE MOOSE - Bazaar

e)	ORDER OF 'THE RAINBOW GIRLS - Food Sale

f)	FIRST METHODIST CHURCH - Rummage Sales

g)	P.E.O. SISTERHOOD CHAPTER K - Rummage Sales

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

V.F.W. & AMERICAN LEGION       The Commission considered the request of Helen Herr in regard to the lease of approximately

Request for Lease	an acre of the forty (40) acres owned by the City of Las Vegas located approximately one-quarter

of City Property	mile northwest of Highway 91 in North Las Vegas; the land to be used to build a building for

the North Las Vegas V.F.W. and American Legion.

Helen Herr spoke from the floor stating that the North Las Vegas V.F.W. and American Legion
do not have a place for their meetings and building might be available from Nellis Air Force
Base if they had a place to put it. They have no money to buy land hut by pooling their
resources of money and man-power, they will be able to move the building and bring it up to
code if they could lease a piece of land from the City of Las Vegas which is located in Section
12 in North Las Vegas. They would require approximately 200' x 350' or 2½ or 3 acres.

Commissioner Fountain asked just what location on the property was desired.	j

Mr. George Reynolds, Commander of the V.F.W. of North Las Vegas spoke from the audience
stating that they would like any of the 40 acres that fronts on Pecos St. Not only would
they like to put up a service home, but would like enough land for a ball park and picnic
grounds.

Commissioner Fountain asked Mr. Reynolds if he felt 2½ or 3 acres would be enough and stated
further that he would be in favor of leasing them this land for this purpose but suggested
they bring in a more definite map or plot plan.

Commissioner Sharp added that these would also be a proposed lease drawn. With regard to
the lease, City Attorney Cannon advised that it will be necessary to determine for what length
of time it should run and that it might be well for it to be revocable in the event the City
might desire to sell this property at some later date.

It was suggested that the Engineering Department prepare a detailed sketch of the area and that
Helen Herr and Mr. Reynolds contact Mr. Kennedy to work out the details of the situation.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Florence Elmore doing business as the Chili

New	Pot, 1329 "E" Street, for a Restaurant beverage license be approved and the Supervisor of

Chili Pot	License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, nous.	

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for additional gaming licenses be

Additional	approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

Approved	THE CHATTERBOX	18 Fremont	Crown Novelty Co.	1 Cash Pinball

CHARLESTON INN	1107	S. 2nd	Automatic Amusement	1	Cash	Pinball

LOUISIANA CLUB	1322	"F" St.	United Coin Machine	1	Cash	Pinball

GROOVE CAFE	416 Bonanza	Glenn Sales	2 Slots

KINGS RESTAURANT	1102	Fremont	Glenn Sales	1	Slot

LUCKY LIQUOR	2002	E. Charleston	Harry Levy Liquor Inc.	6	Slots

2 Cash Pinball

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHANGE OF OWNERSHIP	City Manager Kennedy presented the application for the purchase of 9% interest in the

Addition of Partner	California Club, 101 Fremont, by William Harrigan stating that there is a favorable police

report on the applicant.

California Club

Commissioner Sharp moved the application for the purchase of 9% interest in the California
Approved	Club, 101 Fremont, by William Harrigan be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHANGE OF OWNERSHIP	The Commission reconsidered the application for the purchase of 33 1/3% interest in the

Addition of Partner	Derby Turf & Sports Club, 113 South 1st, by Frank Cobert.	)

Derby Turf & Sports Club	City Manager Kennedy presented a letter addressed to the Board of Commissioners from Frank

Cobert requesting reconsideration of his application for 33 1/3% interest in the Racebook
Referred to City	and Sportsbook licenses presently issued to H. P. Hurley and Jack Roland. The application

Manager	was denied July 2, 1958, based on unfavorable police report.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application for the purchase of 33 1/3 % interest in the
Derby Turf & Sports Club, 113 South 1st, by Frank Cobert, be referred to the City Manager
for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CIGARETTE LICENSES	Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for Cigarette Licenses be approved,

and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

Approved

DESERT SHOPPING CENTER	N. Main	& Bonanza	Sutton Vending	Service	Inc.

ALLEN HOTEL	231 North 1st	Sutton Vending	Service	Inc.

HOUSTON'S TEXACO	2109 E.	Charleston	Sutton Vending	Service	Inc.

LUCKY LIQUOR	2002 E.	Charleston	Harry Levy Liquors Inc.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

11-19-58