GAMING APPLICATION           Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Joseph Shapiro for license for four
New	slots at the Bonanza Chemist, 402 West Bonanza, be approved and the Supervisor of

Bonanza Chemist	License and Revenue authorized to issue the license. Police report was favorable

on the applicant.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Nathan Adelson and Merv Adelson for

New	license for four slots at the Market Town Builders and Home Supply, Inc., 1600 Las

Market Town Builders                 Vegas Boulevard South, be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
and Home Supply, Inc.                   authorized to issue the license. Police report was favorable on the applicants.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

LIQUOR AND GAMING	Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Cecil Lynch to have his name deleted from

APPLICATION	the Blue Heaven, Inc., 2027 East Charleston, which would leave Lee Glenn and Robert

Deletion of Corporation	Jay as the remaining owners, be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue

Member	authorized to delete his name from the licenses.

Blue Heaven, Inc.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Approved	Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Mayor Gragson requested that the action taken at the Special Meeting of the Board of

Joe Julian Liquor Store	City Commissioners approving Joseph Julian's application for a package liquor and

beer bar license at the Joe Julian Liquor Store, 2400 Las Vegas Boulevard South, be
Approval of July 23, 1959                   rescinded as there was some question as to the legality of this action which was
Rescinded and	taken at this Special Meeting held July 23, 1959.

Approved	At this point John Spann, Attorney, addressed the Board stating that he was representing 

the Clark County Licensed Beverage Association and he would like to request
the Commission to defer action on this application until a full Board was present.

He continued that he understood Commissioner Elwell was presently vacationing in
Canada and further, that he had sent a telegram to the Mayor requesting action on
this application be held until his return.

Commissioner Sharp asked Mr. Spann if he had contacted Commissioner Elwell to send
this telegram and he replied he had requested that a message be transmitted to him
when he was unable to reach him by telephone. Mr. Spann added that subsequently he
had heard a telegram had been sent.

Madison Graves, Attorney, spoke on behalf of his client, Joseph Julian, stating
Commissioner Elwell would vote no in any event. He added that Mr. Julian had made
commitments in excess of $25,000.00.

Mr. Spann stated the Commission Minutes would show that this application was deferred
two or three times for the reason that the entire Commission was not present; furthermore,
 he would like to point out that at the regular meeting of July 15, 1959, it was
denied. Mr. Spann made reference to City Ordinance No. 688, which allows one such
license to each 1,000 population, including shopping centers and grocery stores, and
stated 43 licenses were presently issued and he believed the Commission intended to
reserve the remaining two for the outlying east or west area of this town. He asked
Mr. Bills, Director of Planning, as to whether or not the City has any definition of
a shopping center in the zoning ordinances.

City Attorney Cory answered stating that insofar as liquor licenses are concerned
there was no definition of a shopping center and as to such a definition in the
zoning ordinance, he was not prepared to state whether or not this was defined.

Mr. Spann said there was an open question as to whether or not this was a shopping
center, which the Commission must resolve.

Mayor Gragson stated that it was their belief that this was a shopping center and
asked Mr. Spann if he would question whether or not this was a shopping center. He
replied he did not believe it was by reason that it was under different roofs.

BID OPENING 59.52	This being the time heretofore set for Bid Opening No. 59.52 for the refrigeration

Refrigeration Unit at                     unit at the Dula Memorial Building, bid was received as follows:

Dula Memorial Building

A. R. Ruppert Plumbing and Heating, Inc. $ 2,292.00

Referred to Public Works

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

LIQUOR APPLICATION              At this time Mr. Spann stated that he did not understand the Mayor's request for a
Joe Julian Liquor Store                   motion to rescind the action approving the Joe Julian application which was taken
Continued	on July 23, 1959, at the Special Meeting of the Commission.

Commissioner Whipple moved the action of the City Commission taken at the Special
Meeting on July 23, 1959, approving the application of Joseph Julian for a package
liquor and beer bar license at 2400 Las Vegas Boulevard South, be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

Mr. Spann again requested the Commission to defer any further action on this application 
until the return of Commissioner Elwell. Mayor Gragson asked Mr. Spann if this
telegram had been sent at his request and he replied that on the basis that

8-5-59