From	To

South Fourth St.	-Bridger	Avenue	Levis Avenue -	east & vest side

South Fifth St.	-Bridger	Avenue	Clark Avenue -	east side

Clark Avenue	Charleston Blvd. - east & vest side

Garces Avenue	-Fifth St. to alley lying between 5th & 6th Sts. - north &

south side

Fifth St. to alley lying between 4th & 5th Sts., - north side

North Fifth St.	-Stewart	Avenue	Mesquite Avenue - east & vest side

Ogden Avenue	-Seventh	Street	Eighth Street	- north & south side

Stewart Avenue	-Fifth St. to alley lying between 5th & 6th Sts. - south side

North Fifth St. -                  Stewart Avenue	Linden Avenue - east side

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that any prosecutions nov pending for violation
of one-hour parking limitations on any of the above-mentioned streets shall not
be affected by this resolution.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 2nd day of July, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

DAWSON PARK NO. 3	Director of Public Works Sauer presented the request of Vogue Homes, Inc., 

UNIT NO. 1	subdividers of Dawson Park Tract No. 3; Unit No. 1 for the release of the certified

check deposited as a cash bond for the installation of improvements in this 
Release of Cash Bond 		subdivision. Mr. Sauer reported that a surety performance bond has been filed and

approved by the City Attorney, and it is recommended that this cash bond be 
released.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Certified Check No. 166068 in the amount of
$40,018.00 placed on file by Vogue Homes in connection with the off-site 
improvements in Dawson Park Tract No. 3; Unit No. 1, be released, as recommended.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

REPLACEMENT EQUIPMENT 	Director of Public Works Sauer requested permission to secure bids for the following 
pieces of equipment to replace vehicles which are outdated or worn out:

Bids Authorized

1. One (1) panel truck

2. One (1) sedan, medium class

3.	Two (2) tudor business coupes

4.	One (1) station wagon, medium weight class

5.	Five (5) Pickups, 6 cylinder

6.	One (1) cab and chassis, 2 axle, to be used for a water truck.

Commissioner Fountain moved that authorization be given to advertise for bids for
the above specified vehicular equipment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

BID NO. 58.16	Director of Public Works Sauer recommended that the low bid of Wells Cargo, Inc.

Street Repair Contract	on Bid No. 58.16 for the Street Repair Contract, be accepted in the estimated

Awarded	amount of $25,468.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 58.16 for the Street Repair Contract be
awarded to the low bidder, Wells Cargo, Inc. in the estimated amount of $25,468.00,
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

SEWER MAIN -	Director of Public Works Sauer advised the Commission that informal bids have

Diversion - Garces	-	been secured for the installation of a sanitary sewer diversion at Garces Avenue

1st to 2nd	between 1st and 2nd Streets, as authorized at the June 18, 1958 meeting of the

Commission. Mr. Sauer reported that the low bid was that of George E. Miller Co.
in the total amount of $2272.00, and recommended that this bid be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved that George E. Miller Co. be awarded the contract for
the installation of the sanitary sever diversion at Garces Avenue between 1st and
2nd Streets in the total amount of $2272.00, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

GOLF COURSE SPRINKLER	Public Works Director Sauer requested approval of Change Order No. 1 on the Sprinkler 

SYSTEM	System being installed by Longley Construction Co. at the Municipal Golf

Change Order No. 1 		Course. Mr. Sauer explained that this change order in the amount of $1838.55

will provide a water line to provide fresh water for the clubhouse, greenskeeper's
house and the public fountains, so that it will not be necessary to chlorinate
all the water used at the Golf Course.

7-2-58