Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 59.04	Commissioner Fountain moved final payment in the amount of $793.40 be made to

Traffic Signal;	the Nevada Electric Company for work which had been completed under Contract

Hinson & Charleston	#211H.6, Bid No. 59.04, for the installation of traffic signal and pedestrian

crossover at the intersection of Hinson Street and Charleston Boulevard and
Final Payment &	the American Surety Company Performance and Payment Bonds be released.

Release of

Bond	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 58.16                                   Commissioner Whipple moved the Traveler's Indemnity Company Performance and
Street Repair	Payment Bonds covering Contract #11H.59, Bid No. 58.16, for the Street Repair

Contract (1958-59)	Contract (1958-59), for which all work has been completed by Wells Cargo, Inc.,

be released.

Release of Bond

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 59.13	Commissioner Whipple moved the Hartford Accident & Indemnity Company Performance

Fencing; Animal	and Payment Bonds covering Contract #661H.46, Bid No. 59.13, for Fencing at

Shelter & Golf Course	the Animal Shelter and Golf Course for which all work has been completed by

the Las Vegas Fence and Supply Company, be released.

Release of Bond

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

GOLFRIDGE TERRACE	Commissioner Fountain moved the final plat for Golfridge Terrace Unit #2,

UNIT #2	submitted by the Miranti Investment Company, be approved, subject to the

Final Plat	receipt of the Subdivision Improvement Bond.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

GREATER LAS VEGAS	Commissioner Whipple moved the final plat for Greater Las Vegas Addition #3;

ADDITION #3;	Unit #3; submitted by L. S. Whaley & Sons, Inc., be approved.

UNIT #3

Final Plat	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
Approved	voting aye; noes, none.

EASEMENT	The Commission considered the acceptance of right-of-way easement from Thomas

Thomas E. Sharp	E. Sharp to the City of Las Vegas for the south 40' of Washington Avenue, between

Twin Lakes Drive and Tonopah Highway; easement to be granted under the following
Resolution of	conditions:

Acceptance

1. Will not preclude egress and ingress and access by Grantor or his successors.
Adopted	2. City will develop right-of-way and maintain under standards of the City.

3. If right-of-way shall cease to be used as such for a period of 12 consecutive
 months, it will automatically terminate and the City will execute a
Quitclaim Deed for their interest, at no expense to the Grantor or his successors.

Director of Public Works Sauer stated that it was recommended that Resolution
of Acceptance be adopted, excepting that Item 2 on the grant of easement read:

"That the Grantee will pave and develop the within easement to the standard of
other comparable streets in the City of Las Vegas, insofar as right-of-way
limitations imposed by the Grantor permit, and shall at all times keep the same
in good condition and repair, all at no cost to the Grantor," instead of as
stipulated by the Grantor.

Commissioner Fountain moved the right-of-way easement from Thomas E. Sharp for
the south 40' of Washington Avenue, between Twin Lakes Drive and Tonopah Highway,
be accepted, subject to the change in Item 2 and the following Resolution of
Acceptance adopted:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF EASEMENT

On motion of Commissioner E. W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner
Reed Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of November, 1959, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement
to be revised and as, dated the 25th day of November, 1959, executed by

Thomas E. Sharp, an unmarried man

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of
street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said easement, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed
in the records of this Board.

11-18-59