Commissioner Bunker moved that Purchase Requisition No. 1725 to Ideal Asphalt
Paving for parking lot paving in the total amount of $3,198.65 and Purchase
Requisition No. 1724 to E.M. Kaufield for the installation of sidewalks in
the total amount of $1258.00 be approved and the purchase orders authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HYDE PARK SWIMMING	The City Manager requested approval of a purchase requisition for the paving of

POOL	the parking area at the Hyde Park Swimming Pool and the paving of the extension

improvement	of Fulton Place. He reported that informal bids had been secured by the Engineering 

Department, and the low bid was that of Wells Cargo in the total
amount of $3954.00.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Purchase Requisition No. 1708 to Wells Cargo
for the paving of the parking lot at Hyde Park Swimming Pool and the paving
of the extension of Fulton Place be approved, and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

OWENS AVENUE	Mr. Kennedy requested approval of payment of $8100.00 to Clark County for the

Improvement	paving of Owens Avenue from Nellis Boulevard to 25th Street. He stated that

the County Road Department is furnishing gravel and equipment and the City is
paying for the oil.

Commissioner Bunker moved that $8100.00 be paid to Clark County for the 
improvement of Owens Avenue from Nellis Boulevard to 25th Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GENERAL FUND BALANCE 	The City Manager reported that the General Fund Balance after payment of the Payroll
 and Service and Material Warrants is $878,526.34.

FIREMEN BENEFITS	City Manager Kennedy reported that concerning benefits to the Firemen of the City,

it will cost approximately $8,000 the first year for the City to furnish uniforms
to these employees. He stated that with regard to to the other adjustments in
this department he was not prepared to report at this time, but would be ready
at the next regular meeting on May 21, 1958.

TAXI APPLICATION	Mr. John Mendoza representing Mr. Bayne Simpson in his application for a taxi

Desert Cab Co.	license for the Desert Cab Company appeared before the Commission at this time

to request approval of this application. Mr. Mendoza advised that they have
made application for a cab stand at the southwest comer of 3rd and Fremont
Street.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application be tabled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Sharp.
Commissioner Fountain passed his vote.

GARBAGE RATES	Mr. William Carter appeared before the Board at this time to request a reduction

in the garbage rates paid by the citizens of Las Vegas. He stated that according 
to the audit of the accounts of the Southern Nevada Disposal Service the net
profit for last year was $129,000.00 which he felt was exorbitant.

No action was taken on this request at this time.

SALE OF MOTOR	Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that there is a 30 horse power motor formerly

used at the Golf Course that is surplus equipment, and requested permission to
sell this motor. He reported that this is an odd motor that can only be used
on a certain type pump, and the City had had an offer from an individual to
purchase this motor for $300.00.

Commissioner Whipple moved the 30 horse power motor be sold for $300.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at the hour of 10:00 P.M.
Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

5-7-58