Las Vegas, Nevada
May 7, 1958

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 7th day of May, 1958 was called to order at the hour of 7-30 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Ass't City Attorney	Ralston 0. Hawkins

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Director of Public Works	Richard P. Sauer

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

GARBAGE CONTRACT	The Commission considered the request of Max Chason for the transfer of his 

Transfer of Stock	interest in the Southern Nevada Disposal Service, Inc. and the garbage collection

business to Mel Cooper and associates.

Mr. V. Gray Gubler, representing Mr. Chason appeared at this time and stated
that as it has been explained in Mr. Chason's letter to the Commission, a transaction
 has been worked out whereby it is proposed to sell his stock in the Southern
 Nevada Disposal Service and Transportation Rental Inc. to Mel Cooper, L.L.
LaFortune, John Isola, Alfred Isola, Drs. Kenneth Smith, J.R. McDaniel Jr.,

Grant Lund, and David Arata, Thomas Hughes, Oakley Townsend, Robert Gordon,

Harry Lahr and I.R. Crandall. Mr. Gubler stated that this proposed sale is
contingent upon the approval of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas and
the City of North Las Vegas. He explained that Mr. Chason's decision to sell his
interest in this business is based on the fact that he is not in good health, and
Mr. Gubler presented two letters from local doctors verifying that it is mandatory 
that Mr. Chason not actively participate in business affairs. He advised
that if this transfer is approved the new owners will continue the operation of
the business under the name of the Southern Nevada Disposal Service with the 
intent of dissolving this company at a later date and forming a corporation to
be known as Silver State Disposal Service Inc., at which time they will request
the City to transfer the franchise to this new corporation.

Mayor Baker asked if the Commission wished to ask Mr. Gubler any questions.

There were none asked.

Mr. Roger Foley, representing the prospective purchasers of Mr. Chason's interest
in the Southern Nevada Disposal Service was present at this time.

Commissioner Fountain asked Mr. Foley if it wasn't true that there are three
companies concerned in the garbage collection business.

Mr. Foley stated that there is the Southern Nevada Disposal Service with which
the City has the contract for collection of garbage; Transportation Rentals Inc.
which owns the equipment; and Disposal Investments which owns the land on which
the buildings of the Southern Nevada Disposal Service are located.

Commissioner Fountain asked what the total purchase price was in this transaction.

Mr. Foley stated that the purchase price was as follows:

1.	$80,000 in cash for Mr. Chason's interest in lands
and buildings.

2.	$50,000 for Transportation Rentals Inc.

3.	$361,313.84 for Southern Nevada Disposal Service.

Commissioner Sharp moved the proposed sale of Max Chason's stock interest in the
Southern Nevada Disposal Service, Inc. to Mel Cooper, L.L. LaFortune, John Isola,
Alfred Isola, Dr. Kenneth Smith, Dr. J.R. McDaniel Jr., Dr. Grant Lund, David
Arata, Thomas Hughes, Oakley Townsend, Robert Gordon, Harry Lahr and I.R. Crandall
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker and
Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker stated that this Commission by majority vote recommended that
an independent audit be made of the Southern Nevada Disposal Service, and that
audit was in his hands late yesterday afternoon and he had no opportunity to study
said audit; therefore, he was voting against the transfer.

Commissioner Fountain stated that he felt that since a $500,000.00 transaction
is being made this is being handled too hastily, consequently he was voting
against the transfer.

USE PERMIT - (U-8-98)	Consideration was given to the application of John A. Kinnear for a Use Permit to

John A. Kinnear	operate a mail order stamp exchange as a home occupation at 558 Oakey Boulevard

Denied	(Lot 8, Block 1, Beverly Green Tract No. 3); in an R-1 zone.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that the Board of Zoning Adjustment
recommended approval of this application subject to the License Department checking
 this operation at the end of one year. Mr. Bills further stated that all offsite
 improvements are in and therefore no improvement agreement is required.

5-7-58