that San Francisco Street from the intersection of Boulder Highway to approximately one mile
West of the City Limits of Las Vegas, and a connecting road between San Francisco and Tonopah
Highways, be placed on the primary road system of the State of Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the State Highway Board be requested to obtain sufficient
right-of-way at this time to protect the future development of the aforementioned roads and to
acquire sufficient areas for access to and from the highway system to preserve the traffic
pattern within the City of Las Vegas.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 6th day of August, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CONVENTION ATTENDANCE	The City Manager requested that Officer Perry Dell of the Police Department be authorized

Police Officer	to take time off with pay to attend the National All American Soap Box Derby at Akron, Ohio.

He stated that this officer has worked very hard in our City on the Soap Box Derby and
other activities of the Police Athletic League, and recommended that this request be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Officer Perry Dell be granted permission to attend this
convention with his regular salary continuing, for a period of five days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed
his vote.

SALES OF SURPLUS	City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the City of North Las Vegas to purchase used

TRAFFIC EQUIPMENT	traffic signal equipment, namely one Grouse-Hinds Controller, one General Electric Controller,

and 8 Traffic Signal Heads in the total, amount of $440.00. Mr. Kennedy stated this equipment
is no longer needed by the City, and cannot be used for replacement equipment since it is
obsolete.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the City of North Las Vegas be granted, and this
equipment sold to them for $440.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NEVADA DAY ADVERTISING Commissioner Fountain moved that an advertisement in the Nevada Day program, not to exceed

$50.00 be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WATER SUPPLY	The City Manager presented a modified agreement with Ted Michelas who furnishes water for the

South Meadows Park	South Meadows Park. Mr. Kennedy explained that we have been paying $8.00 per month for this

water, and Mr. Michelas has received authorization from the Public Service Commission to raise
Agreement Modified	his rates to $12.00 per month.

Commissioner Sharp moved the modified agreement with Theodore Michelas for the water supply
at South Meadows Park be approved, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker passed his vote.

FENCE CONSTRUCTION	The City Manager presented the request of Eb Davis for construction of a fence south of

Eb Davis	Bonanza and east of 30th Street.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request to construct a fence be approved, subject to the
stipulation that this construction be removed upon thirty (30) days notice, and providing that
the City has no liability for any damages or injuries that might occur.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

URBAN RENEWAL SEMINAR City Manager Kennedy invited any of the members of the Commission who can make it to attend a

Seminar given by UCLA in Los Angeles on Urban Renewal on August 18th and 19th, 1958.

ANIMAL SHELTER	City Manager Kennedy requested permission to purchase an Altitude Chamber and crematory for

the animals that are destroyed at the Animal Shelter. He explained that at the present time
the City has to pay a Veterinarian for each call and each animal that is destroyed plus the
expense of taking the carcasses to the City Dump. Mr. Kennedy stated that the approximate
cost of this equipment is $4,000.00 which would be recovered in approximately one year's time.

The Commission requested further study and investigation into this matter.

CIVIL SERVICE TRUSTEE        The City Manager requested permission for the City to pay the expenses for one member of the
CONVENTION ATTENDANCE Civil Service Board of Trustees to attend a National Meeting in Chicago, Illinois. The Commission

indicated there were no objections to this request and authorized the City Manager to do so.

There being no further business to came before the Board, at the hour of 10:20 P.M.,

Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

8-6-58