QUITCLAIM DEED	The Commission considered a quitclaim deed to the City of Las Vegas from the

Clark County School	Clark County School District for the south one-half of Oakey Boulevard, east one-

District	half of Los Altos Avenue, north one-half of El Parque Avenue and west one-half of

Las Verdes Street.

Resolution of Acceptance

Adopted	Commissioner Sharp moved that the following Resolution of Acceptance be adopted

and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner E. W.
Fountain, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 3rd day of June, 1959, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
28th day of May, 1959, executed by Clark County School District to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, R. F. Boos, Acting City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular 
meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 3rd day of June, 1959.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 4th day of June, 1959.

/s/ R. F. Boos________________________

Acting Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

By	Deputy

FOR:	Oakey Blvd.

Altos Street
El Parque Ave.

Las Verdes Street

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

BID NO. 59.26	Director of Public Works Sauer	stated that	in view of the fact that there were no

Remodel Rooms	bids received on Bid No. 59.26	for the remodelling of two rooms at the Municipal

Municipal Pool Building                 Pool Building he would like to request to pursue this work by force account.

Force Account	Commissioner Sharp moved that the Director of Public Works be authorized to pursue

the work for the remodelling of the two rooms at the Municipal Pool Building by
force account.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

PRISONER RELEASE	City Manager Kennedy requested	approval of	Mayor Pro Tem signing necessary papers

Ernest J. Rollins	releasing Ernest J. Rollins, M	#9858, from	City Jail based on the recommendation

of Dr. Don G. Lynwalter.

Approved

Commissioner Fountain moved that Mayor Pro Tem be authorized to sign the necessary
papers releasing Ernest J. Rollins, M #9858 from City Jail as recommended by Dr.

Don G. Lynwalter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following "vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

SICK LEAVE	City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Mrs. Reba McKinster, City Librarian,

Anona Cavner, Library	that Anona Cavner of her department be granted 146 hours of sick leave to cover the

time she was absent to be with her son who was badly burned and subsequently died.
Approved	Mrs. Cavner returned to work on May 25, 1959.

Mr. Kennedy added that Mrs. Cavner did not have sick leave coming as she had not
worked for the City that long, and he asked that this request be granted as an 
advance on her sick leave.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Anona Cavner be granted 146 hours as an advance on
her sick leave.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

6-3-59