The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Zoning
Adjustment approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application
of John Replogle for Variance be approved subject to the signing of an
agreement and posting of a performance bond for installation of sidewalk 
and driveway.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro

Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

STREET	NAME	CHANGE						                       Consideration was given to the recommendation	of the Planning Commission for the

5th &	Main	Streets	                         proposed	change of name of 5th Street and Main Street, as follows:

to

Las Vegas Boulevard	1. South 5th Street (Fremont to Main) - to Las Vegas Boulevard,

Southeast.

Public Hearing Set	2. North 5th Street - Las Vegas Boulevard, Northeast.

3.	South Main Street	- to Las Vegas	Boulevard Southwest.

4.	North Main Street	- to Las Vegas	Boulevard Northwest.

5.	South 5th Street (Main Street to South City Limits) - to Las Vegas

Boulevard South.

Commissioner Fountain moved that a public hearing on this request of change of name
of 5th and Main Streets be held on July 2, 1958 at the hour of 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker asked that as wide publicity as possible be given on this
public hearing.

Commissioner Sharp also requested that an estimate of the cost of new street signs,
new maps, etc. be prepared prior to this public hearing for information

VARIANCE (V-5-58)	The Commission again considered the application of Dr. Ralph LaCanna for variance

Dr. Ralph LaCanna	to construct a combination commercial building and upstairs hotel at 302 Lewis

Continued	(Lots 14 through 16, Block 28, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite), in a C-1 zone.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that Dr. LaCanna has not been in to
discuss the insufficient parking facilities since this matter was continued on
May 7, 1958 and May 21, 1958. Mr. Bills stated that he has been advised that
there is illness in Dr. LaCanna's family and it has been requested that this application 
be continued until the next regular meeting of the Commission.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance be continued as Dr. LaCanna
has requested until the next regular meeting on June 18, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

WASHINGTON STREET	Director of Public Works Sauer advised the Commission that Bid No. 58.05 for the

STORM DRAIN	installation of the storm drain on Washington Street, east from North 5th Street,

Stage II	designated Stage II, was opened on May 21, 1958 and the one bid received from

Longley Construction Co. totaling $18,400 was rejected.

Contract Awarded

Mr. Sauer stated that the matter was negotiated with Longley Construction Co. and
said contractor will furnish labor, materials and equipment to construct this
storm drain pursuant to plans and specifications, in the total amount of $12,340.90.

The Commission was further advised that the original Engineer's estimate on this
project was $12,000.00 and it was recommended that the contract be awarded in ac-
cordance with the negotiated figure.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the contract for the installation of the Washing-
ton Street Storm Drain, Stage II be awarded to Longley Construction Co. in the
total amount of $12,340.90, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

CHARITABLE 	Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for Charitable Solicitation

SOLICITATION PERMITS	Permits, as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved and the

Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue said permits:

Echoes of Zion

Zonta Club of Las Vegas

Las Vegas Firemens' Benefit Assn.

Nevada Nurses Assn., District #3.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

CIGARETTE LICENSES	Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for license for the retail

sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved, and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue same:

MIN'S MART	921	South Main	Geng Gee & Harry Noda

SOUTHERN NEVADA MEMORIAL

HOSPITAL	1800 W. Charleston	Bernice L. Hyden, Restaurant

Manager

6-4-58