ASSESSMENT DISTRICT                Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution determining the amount of bonds
100-43	to be sold for Assessment District 100-43, Main Street Lighting from Bonanza to

Main Street Lighting;                      Owens, be adopted and order made:

Bonanza to Owens

RESOLUTION

Resolution Determining

Amount of Bonds to be	WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken steps

Sold Adopted	to create certain public improvements within the City of Las Vegas, all as described

in Ordinance No. 788; and

WHEREAS, the Assessment Roll for Special Assessment District No. 100-43 was 
confirmed on June 5, 1959; and

WHEREAS, the owners of property assessed were given until July 8, 1959, in which
to pay in cash the amount of their assessments; and

WHEREAS, the time for cash payment has expired; and

WHEREAS, during said cash payment period the sum of $10,260.79 was received,
resulting in the need to issue Special Assessment Bonds in the amount of $10,771.12.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners in a regular 
meeting thereof held on the 15th day of July, 1959, that bids for the sale of Special
	Assessment Bonds for Special Assessment District No. 100-43 shall be received in the

total amount of $10,771.12, in accordance with the Notice of Sale heretofore published
and mailed as required by the resolution of June 9, 1959, directing that said notice
be published.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the County Assessor, Ex-officio City Assessor, be
and he hereby is directed to levy the total amount of $10,771.12 as assessments
against the owners and property chargeable with said assessments according to the
proceedings heretofore taken toward the creation of Assessment District No. 100-43.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 15th day of July, 1959.

/s/ Oran K. Gragson________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Marjorie Holtschlag
Acting City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of the bids on bonds for Assessment 

100-43	District 100-43, Main Street Lighting from Bonanza to Owens, bids were received

Main Street Lighting;                   as follows:

Bonanza to Owens

Joseph G. Roberts	6.9% Interest Rate

Bid Opening on Bonds	Harriet H. MacCornack	6 % Interest Rate

First National Bank of Nevada	4.75% Interest Rate

Referred to Director

of Finance and Director                  Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Finance
of Public Works	and Director of Public Works for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

BOB WAIT'S USED	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Robert Wait for a used furniture and

FURNITURE MART	appliances license at Bob Wait's Used Furniture Mart, 117 North Main, be approved

and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license. Police
Approved	report was favorable on the applicant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

EDDIE'S SECOND HAND STORE	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Edward Cramer for a firearms permit

Firearms Permit	at Eddie's Second Hand Store, 206 North 1st, be approved and the Supervisor of

License and Revenue authorized to issue the license. Police report was favorable
Approved	on the applicant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

SECOND HAND DEALERS           City Manager Kennedy requested the Commission to instruct that no applications for
LICENSES AND FIREARMS	used furniture and appliances licenses be accepted until an ordinance amendment could

PERMITS APPLICATIONS	be worked out to confine this type of an establishment to certain areas, and also to

better control them.

Policy Established

Ordinance to be Studied                Commissioner Whipple asked if it would be legal not to accept a license application,

and Mr. Cory advised that unless the ordinance was amended the application would have
to be accepted; however, his opinion was a policy could be established whereby the
application could be accepted but not acted upon until such time as the ordinance

7-15-59