Commissioner Whipple moved the contract he awarded to George E. Miller Company in the
amount of $5,815.00 and Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GOLF COURSE SPRINKLING The Commission considered the recommendation of the Engineering Department that the Golf
SYSTEM	Course Sprinkling System be accepted and final payment to Longley Construction Co. in the

amount of $5,048.89 be approved and the Director of Finance and City Treasurer authorized
Final Payment Approved     to issue the warrant.

Commissioner Fountain, moved that the Golf Course Sprinkling System be approved and final
payment to Longley Construction Company in the amount of $5,048.89 be approved and the
Director of Finance and City Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CITY JAIL ADDITION	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Engineering Department that the work

Acceptance &	be accepted and bond released on the contract for the Addition of the City Jail.

Release of Bond

Director of Public Works, R. P. Sauer, advised the Board that all deficiencies on the
building have been corrected within the authority of the contract. The matter of whether
or not the roof on the jail addition leaked was discussed by the Board. It was pointed out
that the problem of the leak in the roof was one of design and not faulty construction,
which would be the responsibility of the architect and not the contractor. Mr. Kennedy
pointed out that we have a five year guarantee on the roof.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the addition of the City Jail be accepted and bond
released.

Motions! seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

IMPROVEMENT AGREEMENT The Commission considered the matter of construction of improvements under the improvement
M & G Corp.	agreement by the M & G Corporation on Baltimore Avenue between the boundary of Meadows

Addition and Tam Drive.

Acceptance &	Director of Public Works, Mr. Sauer, advised the Board that all of the improvements have been

Release of Bond	Completed in accordance with the agreement and recommended the work be accepted and bond released.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the improvements on Baltimore Avenue Between the boundary of
Meadows Addition and Tam Drive under the improvement agreement of M & G Corp. be accepted and bond
released.

Motions seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION OF	On Motion of Commissioner Bunker duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and unanimously carried

COMMENDATION	the following resolution is adopted and order made:

Shirley Lodwick	RESOLUTION OF COMMENDATION

Adopted	WHEREAS, SHIRLEY LODWICK did for many years serve as the City Clerk and Clerk

of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in an elective as well as appointive
position; and

WHEREAS, during her long period of service to the public as City Clerk, she was
always courteous, cooperative, and helpful to all whom she came in contact with, and 
unselfishly gave of her time and knowledge to all who made demands upon her; and

WHEREAS, her long and distinguished service as a faithful devoted public servant,
during the rapid growth of the City of Las Vegas and with the numerous problems involved
by such expansion, deserves public notice and recognition.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 1st day of October, 1958, that the said
Board by this resolution expresses its gratitude to and publicly commends Shirley Lodwick
for her loyal, distinguished and devoted service as City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas for
the past ten years, and Board extends its best wishes to her in any future activity she may
choose to engage in.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this resolution be entered upon the official records
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a duly certified copy of this resolution be forthwith
transmitted to Shirley Lodwick.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 1st day of October, 1958.

RESOLUTION OF	On motion of Commissioner Fountain duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and unanimously

COMMENDATION	carried the following resolution is adopted and order made to be incorporated as a

permanent record in the personnel file of Lt. Handlon.

B. J. Handlon

RESOLUTION

adopted

WHEREAS, Chief of Detectives, B. J. HANDLON, of the Las Vegas Police Department
has for many years served the people of the City of Las Vegas as a faithful, devoted public
servant; and

WHEREAS, because of his quiet, unassuming way of performing his duties the
effectiveness and results of his work are not generally known by the general public; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has received from time to time many communications
from other law-enforcement agencies commending the work of B. J. Handlon, the most recent
being from an agent of the United States Bureau of Narcotics, Treasury Department, commending
B. J. Handlon for his work in a confidential narcotics investigation in Las Vegas in the
spring of 1958; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has long been aware of B. J. Handlon's
excellent work, and devotion to duty, and the Board feels that it deserves public notice and
recognition.

10-1-58