GAMING LICENSE	City Manager Kennedy presented the application of Mel Exber and J.D. Gaughan for

Change of Partners	a total of 25% interest in the Race Horse Book license of the Saratoga Race Book,

114 South 1st. Mr. Kennedy explained that the license is presently issued to H.
Saratoga Race Book	Remiloff, R.L. Bergen, and H.P. Hurley and Messrs. Exber and Gaughan are purchasing 

Mr. Hurley's 25% interest and dividing it equally. He further reported that
the Poliee report on these applicants is favorable.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Mel Exber and J.D. Gaughan for ad-
dition to the Race Horse Book license of the Saratoga Race Book at 114 South 1st
Street be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

GAMING & LIQUOR	City Manager Kennedy presented the application of Sam Delich for 1/2 of 1% interest

LICENSES	in the gaming and liquor licenses issued the Fremont Hotel Inc., at 200 Fremont

Addition of Partner	Street. Mr. Kennedy advised that the Police report on this applicant was favorable.

Fremont Hotel	Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Sam Delich for addition to the gaming

and liquor licenses of the Fremont Hotel Inc., 200 Fremont Street be approved and
the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;

Addition of Partners 		The Commission considered the applications of Town Tavern Ltd., namely Earl Turmon,

A.L. Brunner, Mary L. Woodward, J.M. Woods, Lorenzo V. Spencer, Gilbert Kenner and
Town Tavern	Geraldine Branton for the Tavern liquor license and gaming license of one Race

Horse Keno and one "21" game at the Town Tavern, 600 Jackson. City Manager Kennedy
advised the Commission that the tavern license is presently issued to Earl Turmon,
and is being applied for in the names of Earl Turmon and A.L. Brunner the only two
registered voters in the partnership. He further explained that the gaming license
is applied for by the partnership, of which each member has 14.28%. Mr. Kennedy
reported that the Police investigation on these applicants is favorable.

Commissioner Fountain asked Mr. Earl Turmon who would be the manager of this 
establishment. Mr. Turmon answered that he would be the manager and Oscar Crozier would
be the general manager.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the Town Tavern Ltd. for the Tavern
liquor license and gaming license for one Race Horse Book and one "21" game at
the Town Tavern, 600 Jackson be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue 
authorized to issue the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

GAMING LICENSE	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the L & W Corporation, by Wally Winstrom

New	for gaming license for 2 slot machines at the Log Cabin Bar, 122 North 1st Street

be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.
Log Cabin Bar	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

BID NO. 58.06	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 58.06 for the Laundry 

Police Station	Addition to the City Police Station, bids were received from the following

Laundry Addition	firms:

Opened	BEN CASS	$	9789.00

BEN 0. DAVEY CONST.	CO.	10068.00

LESLIE Pi- GOEBEL	8163.00

V & G CONST. CO.	9998.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public
Works and City Manager for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

BID NO. 58.07	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 58.07 for the furnishing 

Automotive Tires &	of Automotive Tires and Tubes to the City for the fiscal year beginning

Tubes	July 1, 1958 to June 30, 1959; bids were received from the following firms:

Superior Tires, Inc.

Ted Wiens Firestone

Ferris Chassis & Motor Service

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public
Works and City Manager for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

BID NO. 58.08	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 58.08 for the furnishing 

Pest Control	of Pest Control Service to the City for the fiscal year beginning July 1,

Service	1958 to June 30, 1959; bids were received from the following firms:

Ace Exterminating Co.	$	1,140.00

A.G. Williams Exterminating Co.	793.00

6-4-58