Water District as to future policy and direction of expansion of the District to meet the needs
of the ever growing population of Las Vegas.

NOW; THEREFORE; BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas;
at a regular meeting thereof held on the 3rd day of September; 1958, that the Las Vegas Valley
Water District; through its Board of Directors; immediately advise the City of Las Vegas of its
plans to assure an adequate domestic water supply to those areas in the City of Las Vegas where
growth and expansion are now contemplated; and those areas within the City where growth and
development may reasonably be expected in the future.

PASSED; ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 3rd day of September; 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

GENERAL FUND BALANCE City Manager Kennedy reported that the General Fund Balance is $1,036,747.10. He stated

that the gross payroll for this period is $109,627.34, and that $21,279.50 Has been disbursed
from the special assessment fund of Assessment District No. 100-35.

LEASE RENEWAL - UPRR The City Manager requested that a letter be sent to the Union Pacific Railroad Company 
requesting the exercise of the option for the lease for an additional five years of the property
adjacent and south of the City garage. Mr. Kennedy stated that this lease costs $23.45 per
month.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Manager be authorized to notify the Union Pacific Railroad
Company of the City's intent to exercise the option for the lease of the property behind the
City garage for an additional five years.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noeS; none. Absent Commissioner Bunker.

USE OF MUNICIPAL GOLF City Manager Kennedy stated that the Golf Association has requested permission to hold a

COURSE	Pro-Amateur Golf Tournament at the Municipal Golf Course; October 28th and 29th. He stated

that this will be an invitational tournament and the Golf Association will pay the City
$240.00 for the use of the Course. He stated that the Sahara Hotel is furnishing $3500.00
for prizes to the professionals and the amateurs will be given merchandise prizes.

Commissioner Fountain moved that permission be given to the Golf Association to use the
Municipal Golf Course October 28 and 29, 1958 to hold a Pro-Amateur Golf Tournament.

          Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain; Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noeS; none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

EFFLUENT DITCH	The City Manager advised that he would like permission for the City Attorney to send letters

Purchase of Property	to Mr. Goto and Mrs. Muira; property owners for permission to run the effluent ditch through

their property. He stated that these people have been contacted; but no offer has been made;
and it is desired to offer them $1500 for this property.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Manager be authorized to negotiate with Mr. Goto and
Mrs. Muira for the purchase of this property at $1500.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Fountain moved that if the offer to purchase be rejected that the City Attorney
be authorized to start proceedings for the condemnation of this property.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noeS; none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

SEWER CONSTRUCTION	City Manager Kennedy asked for approval of a Work Order in the total amount of $6600 for the

St. Louis from Maryland construction of sewer on St. Louis Avenue from Maryland Parkway approximately 850 lineal feet.
Parkway	He stated this would take care of the swimming pool so that it would not flow back into the

pool; and advised that bids would be secured at the next regular meeting of the Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved that a Work Order in the total amount of $6600 for the construction
of sewer on St. Louis from Maryland Parkway be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain; Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

WASHINGTON AVENUE	The City Manager asked for approval of a Work Order in the total amount of $6700.00 for the

Improvement	improvement of Washington Avenue between Decatur Boulevard and Algiers Street, thirty feet

wide.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Work Order for the improvement of Washington Avenue by paving
in the total amount of $6700.00 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

FULTON PLACE	City Manager Kennedy requested approval of a purchase order to E. M. Kaufield and Son for the

Improvement	construction of curbs and gutters from Fulton Place in front of Hyde Park School to a point

adjacent to the swimming pool in the total amount of $1233.50 and a purchase order to Wells
Cargo in the amount of $1911.00 for paving of this street. He stated that these were the
lowest bids received for this improvement.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Req. No. 3059 to E. M. Kaufield and Sons for curbs and
gutters in the amount of $1233.50 and Req. No. 3060 to Wells Cargo for paving of Fulton Place
in the amount of $1911.00 be approved and purchase order be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

9-3-58