REZONING (Z-2-59)	The Commission considered the application of R. J. Kaltenbom for reclassification of

R. J. Kaltenbom	property generally located at the southwest corner of Rancho and Bonanza, legally 

described as a portion of the SW¼, SE¼, Section 29, R61E, T20S, from R-1 to C-2.

Approved

Planning Commission recommends the application be amended to be a change from R-1 to
C-1 and that it be approved subject to the stipulation that a concrete block fence
be erected along the west line of the property and that a service road be put in along
the east line of the property. Mr. Paul Ferguson, owner of the Twin Lakes Village
Shopping Center, appeared at the Planning Commission Meeting in protest; Mr. Bob
Campbell, owner of a filling station in the vicinity, also protested.

Planning Director Bills pointed out the property in question on the map, stating that
it is just south of the extension of Bonanza Road and that although it is presently
designated R-1, it is pretty much committed to commercial use. He further stated that
the reason for the concrete block fence was to separate it from the sub-division.

His Honor Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections from anyone present. 
Commissioner Sharp asked if there was an accessible alley anywhere around this property
and Mr. Bills replied that there was not. Commissioner Sharp asked if an alley was not
normally required. Mr. Bills stated that there could be an alley inside the block wall
if the Commission felt that this was necessary. His Honor Mayor Baker suggested this
be brought to the attention of the Building Department.

At this time Mr. Paul Ferguson, one of the objectors to this rezoning, spoke from the
floor stating that it was his opinion that more serious consideration should be given
to this proposal than has been given up to this point. He stated that there are 35
acres commercial in the area now with approximately 5 acres developed which was more
than adequate for neighborhood shopping center. He referred to Mr. Bills statement
before the Planning Commission that if this 5 acres were zoned commercial that 
approximately 18 more acres would be committed to be zoned commercial, and this would mean
that property to the north would also become commercial. He stated there were already
6 service stations in the area and that only two were now in financially good condition.

He presented the Board with a petition which had been signed by approximately 150
residents in the area of Rancho Park and Rancho Circle, objecting and protesting to
the reclassification of this property from R-1 to C-1. He appealed to the Commission
in the name of good zoning, good economy and good planning for the future of this City
to deny this rezoning application. He also pointed out that there was only a two to
one vote on this by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Sharp asked that in order to build a filling station in C-1, if it was not
necessary for the owner to get a use permit and Mr. Bills stated that it was. 
Commissioner Sharp further stated that at the Planning Commission Meeting, Mr. Kaltenbom
said this would be divided into three parcels:	one for a church, one for a nursery

which has been forced to move because of the freeway and on the other he hoped to get
a filling station. Mr. Bills stated that this was correct.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of R. J. Kaltenbom for reclassification
of property generally located at the southwest corner of Rancho and Bonanza, legally
described as a portion of the SW¼, SE¼, Section 29, R61E, T20S, from R-1 to C-1 as
recommended by the Planning Commission be approved, subject to the stipulation that a
concrete block fence be erected along the west line of the property and that a service
road be put in along the east line of the property; and that the City Attorney be in-
structed to prepare the necessary ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

REZONING (Z-4-59)	The Commission considered the application of E. L. Noble for the reclassification of

E. L. Noble	property generally located on the southwest corner of Lamb Blvd. (Noble Lane) and East

Bonanza Road, legally described as a portion of the NE¼, NE¼, Section 31, R62E, T20S,
Approved	from R-E to R-2-T. Two protests were received from adjoining property owners. Approval

recommended by the Planning Commission.

Director of Planning Bills stated that R-2-T is for Trailer Park Zoning, but in order
for anyone to have a trailer park, it would still be necessary to get a use permit for
this purpose.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of E. L. Noble for the reclassification
of property generally located on the southwest corner of Lamb Blvd. (Noble Lane) and
East Bonanza Road, legally described as a portion of the NE¼, NE¼, Section 31, R62E,

T20S from R-E to R-2-T be approved and the City Attorney be instructed to prepare the
necessary ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

REZONING (Z-6-59)	The Commission considered the application of Doss-Wright for the Reclassification of

Doss-Wright	property generally located on Charleston between 6th and 7th Streets, legally described

as Irregular Block 32, South Addition from R-4 to C-2. Denial recommended by the Planning
Denied	Commission. There were eight protests. Planning Director Bills explained that a root

beer drive-in is being contemplated to be put in at this location.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Doss-Wright for the reclassification of
property generally located on Charleston between 6th and 7th Streets, legally described
as Irregular Block 32, South Addition, from R-4 to C-2 be denied as recommended by the
Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

3-18-59