form of a lease purchase agreement; payments to be $6,500.00 per year or $541.67 per month
for a period of ten years, including option to buy the property at any time during the ten
years for a total price of $65,000.00; prepaid monthly rentals to be applied to the total
price.

Dr. Zellhoefer spoke from the audience stating that he is new here in town and his desire
is just to make a medical office for himself; no emergencies or surgery. He stated the
people in the area seem to think it is a good idea. His present offices must be vacated
by December 15, and for this reason he would like to know when he might have an answer.

He further stated that his offer is a cash offer consisting of whatever down-payment the
City would feel appropriate and a two month's option in order to enable him to liquidate
other holdings to pay the full purchase price if his proposal is accepted.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated that it would be impossible to give him an answer at this time
as Mayor Baker and Commissioner Fountain are out of town.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the matter be deferred in view of the fact that there are
two members of the Board not present at this meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D.

Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

ANIMAL SHELTER	City Manager Kennedy presented the following proposals for an Incinerator to be installed

at the Animal Shelter:

Incinerator and

Altitude Chamber	Smith Engineering...............$3,220.00

Ace Incinerator................. 2,850.00

Approved	Multiple Chamber Incinerator . .	2,615.00

Bilt-Rite Engineering........... 2,250.00

Commissioner Bunker asked if the Humane Society has been informed of this proposal. Mr.

Kennedy stated that they have been and also mentioned that it will be necessary to pour a
slab on which the incinerator will be based.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the low bid for the Incinerator in the amount of $2,250.00 be
awarded to the Bilt-Rite Engineering and the Mayor Pro Tem be authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D.

Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy presented the following proposals for an Altitude Chamber to be 
installed at the Animal Shelter:

Walz & Krenzer, Inc. , . $2,395.00. . .F.O.B. Rochester
Euthanair Company. . . . 2,550.00. . .Installed at the

Animal Shelter

The American Humane Association was contacted and they advised these were the only two
companies manufacturing high altitude chambers.

Mr. Kennedy further stated that with this equipment it would no longer be necessary to pay
veterinarian's fees for putting the animals to sleep and with the incinerator, neither would
it be necessary to bury them.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if our employees at the Animal Shelter would be able to operate
these machines and was informed that they would be.

Commissioner Sharp moved that purchase order be approved in the amount of $2,550.00 to the
Euthanair Company for this incinerator.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D.

Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

GENERAL FUND BALANCE City Manager Kennedy reported that the General Fund Balance after payment of Service and

Material and Payroll Warrants is $703,581.86. He stated that the gross payroll is estimated
at $105,500.00; that $8,481.95 had been taken from the Bond Fund. There was a refund to
Horace Heidt on Tavern License because of Change of Ownership.

PURCHASE REQUISITION Commissioner Bunker moved that Purchase Requisition No. 3608 to Wells Cargo Inc., Las Vegas,
Wells Cargo Inc.	Nevada in the amount of $1,575.00 for 300 tons 1½ inch A/C for paving Bruce Street be authorized

Authorized	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D.

Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

PURCHASE ORDER	Mr. Kennedy advised the Board that due to the fact that invoices of Ferris Chassis and Motor

Ferris Chassis	Service for tires and tubes delivered to the City had been misplaced, they were not processed

& Motor Service	in time to appear on the Warrant Sheets and requested authorization for payment to Ferris

Chassis and Motor Service for Tires delivered to the City under Purchase Order No. 4759 in
Approved	the amount of $1,328.04.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Purchase Order No. 4759 to Ferris Chassis and Motor Service
for tires delivered to the City in the amount of $1,328.04 be approved and the Director of
Finance and City Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain and Mayor C. D. Baker.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed Uniform Housing

Uniform Housing Code       Code, requested additional time before reporting.

Continued

 10-15-58