Commissioner Whipple moved the request of the Public Works Department to receive
bids on Informal Bid #I-15-59 for Fencing at the Municipal Golf Course in the
estimated amount of $11,250; bids to be opened October 20, 1959, be approved.

Commissioner Fountain stated he still thought this amount was high but he would
second the motion. The motion was carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

APPRAISAL	Director of Public Works Sauer requested permission to have an appraisal made of

PROPOSED ALIGNMENT	property for the proposed alignment of Alta Drive between Tonopah Drive and

OF	Highland for the purpose of acquiring this property for the right-of-way. Mr.

ALTA DRIVE	Sauer stated further it should be possible to attain the right-of-way and construct

the road at a greatly reduced cost if this land was acquired at this time, as when
Approved	the freeway came in property values would be increased.

Commissioner Fountain asked what agreement he had with the State and Mr. Sauer
advised the City would require this section of road in accordance with the Master
Plan of Streets and Highways and the State would put the interchange in at the
time of the freeway.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be held in abeyance until Ed Pine of the
State Highway Department was contacted to get some committal in writing as to
what the State would do in regard to secondary monies.

Commissioner Whipple mentioned the fact this request was for an appraisal only.
Commissioner Elwell asked Mr. Sauer for an estimate of the cost for the appraisal
and he made a rough estimate of $500 to $700. His Honor Mayor Gragson asked if
the matter of the freeway was disregarded completely, would this route still be
needed in the City's overall traffic plan. Mr. Sauer replied that it would as
this was one of the streets in the Master Plan of Streets and Highways. He added
that Alta Drive would tie into Highland Drive and there would be no State 
participation in this development.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Director of Public Works be authorized to have an
appraisal made of property for the preposed alignment of Alta Drive between
Tonopah Drive and Highland Drive at a cost not to exceed $700.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; Commissioner
Fountain voted no. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp. His Honor Gragson stated he

was voting "aye" because this artery was needed regardless of the freeway.

BID NO.	59.19	Commissioner Whipple moved final payment in the amount of $141.50 be made to the

City Hall Entrance	Acme Electric Company for work completed under Contract #211H.48, Bid No. 59.19

Lighting	City Hall Entrance Lighting and the Royal Indemnity Bonding and Insurance Company

Performance and Payment Bonds be released.

Final Payment &

Release of Bonds	Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Approved	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

BID NO. 59.24	Commissioner Whipple moved final payment in the amount of $842.27 be made to the

Paving; St. Louis,	Wells Cargo, Inc. for work	completed under Contract #111H.67, Bid No. 59.24 for

10th to Maryland	the paving of St. Louis Avenue from 10th Street to Maryland Parkway and the

Parkway	Traveler's Indemnity Bonding and Insurance Company Performance and Payment Bonds

be released.

Final Payment &

Release of Bonds	Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Approved	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

BID NO. 59.49	Commissioner Fountain moved final payment in the amount of $281.59 be made to the

Police Rehab.	J. A. Tiberti Construction Co. for work completed under Contract #641S.6, Bid No.

Farm Sewer Line	59.49 for the installation of the Rehabilitation Farm Sewer Line and the Royal

Indemnity Bonding and Insurance Company Performance and Payment Bonds be released.

Final Payment &

Release of Bonds	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Approved	Commissioner Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

CONCORDIA PLACE	Commissioner Fountain moved all work be accepted under the improvement agreement

CUL-DE-SAC	with Harold Stocker for Concordia Place Cul-De-Sac and the Surety Company of New

York Performance Bond be released.

Acceptance &

Release of Bond	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

Approved	noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

CARTER STREET	The Commission considered a petition submitted by Herbert J. and Pauline E. Pfeufer,

DEDICATION 	Jack Binion, Leroy and Thelma Bacon, Bobby Bordges, Sophia Moore, C. L. Hennon, Irma

PETITION	Masek, Irven P. and Ellen Howell, Travis and Noria Laughlin and I. E. & Nora Howell

for the dedication of Carter Street and cul-de-sac extending from Washington Avenue
southerly for approximately 915' lying between Dyke Lane and Tonopah Drive. (All
but two parties have signed a petition for assessments and this would give approximately
90% approval and 60% of frontage.)

Director of Public Works Sauer stated until right-of-way is acquired there was no
possible way to get drainage in this area and recommended this dedication not be
accepted until proper drainage had been provided. It was further recommended this
be referred to the Planning Commission for further study.

Mr. Herbert Pfeufer addressed the Board stating he had no further information but he
would like to find out exactly what was desired in the way of drainage. Mr. Sauer 
advised him an easement would be required for the installation of a 5' pipe running

10-7-59