City Manager Kennedy advised the Board that the present owners of the Southern Nevada 
Disposal Service, Inc. will submit any changes they have in writing and the reason therefor in the
near future, and at that time he will contact the Board relative to any changes they would
like to see inserted in the contract, if a change is to be made; however, any changes made in
the contract will have to be made and approved by the Commission.

RESOLUTION OF	Mayor Baker read a letter from the Continental Air Lines Inc., complimenting City Attorney

COMMENDATION	Cannon on his presentation of the oral argument in the Dallse Case when it was heard by

the Civil Aeronautics Board.

City Attorney

Commissioner Bunker moved an appropriate resolution be drawn and made a part of the minutes,
commending City Attorney Cannon's excellent service on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark and Chamber of Commerce in representing three agencies in the hearings before the Civil
Aeronautics Board.

WHEREAS, the improvement of transportation facilities into and out of Las Vegas is
one of the most important objectives of the City of Las Vegas, Las Vegas Chamber of 
Commerce, and the County of Clark; and

WHEREAS, increased airline service to all parts of the United States is the desire and
objective of the above mentioned organizations; and

WHEREAS, City Attorney HOWARD W. CANNON has represented the City, County and Chamber of
Commerce in numerous airline hearings before the Civil Aeronautics Board which have resulted
in greatly increased service into Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, his service on behalf of the City, County, and Chamber of Commerce, as well
as to all the people of Clark County, in such hearings is worthy of public recognition.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
at a regular meeting thereof held on the 16th day of July, 1958, that said Board hereby extends 
to City Attorney HOWARD W. CANNON its most hearty congratulations and expresses to him
its gratitude and that of the people of Las Vegas for the years of dedicated and devoted
effort which he has contributed in the public service by his appearances before the Civil
Aeronautics Board in an effort to secure additional air transportation for Las Vegas;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this resolution be spread upon the minutes of this Board;

and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a duly certified copy of this resolution be transmitted
forthwith to HOWARD W. CANNON

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 8:50 P.M. 
Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 6, 1958

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this 6th
day of August, 1958 was called to order at the hour of 7:35 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with
the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Atty.	Thomas J. O'Donnell

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Dir. Public Works	Richard P. Sauer

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 24719 through 25272 in the net amount of

$83,859.19 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 2253 through 2437 in the total

WARRANTS	amount of $157,654.35 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

7-16-58 & 8-6-58