VARIANCE - V-10-56	Mr. Bills presented the request of Harley E. Harmon for release from his bond

Harley E. Harmon	and agreement for off-site improvements required by a Variance granted him to

construct a professional office building at Maryland Parkway and Lewis Street.

The Planning Director stated that Mr. Harmon did not intend to construct this
building.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the bond and agreement filed by Harley E. Harmon
in connection with Variance V-10-56 be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

TWIN LAKES ESTATES	Field Engineer Hansen advised the Board that Twin Lakes Estates had been inspected

Final Acceptance	and accepted by all Departments except the Street and Inspection Departments.

	Mr. Hansen stated that the seal and chips and a correction of a section of curb

and gutter is the reason for these two Departments not accepting this subdivision. 
He recommended that the subdivision be accepted subject to the posting
of a bond in the amount of $1,000 to cover these deficiencies.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Twin Lakes Estates be accepted subject to the
posting of a $1,000 bond to cover the seal and chips and correction of a section 
of curb and gutter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

TRAFFIC SIGNAL	Works Engineer Uehling advised the Commission that the relocation of the Traffic

RELOCATION	Signal at 5th and Bonanza by Nevada Electric Company has been completed satisfactorily 

5th & Bonanza	and the Notice of Completion filed December 23, 1957. Mr. Uehling

recommended that the payment of retention be approved.

Commissioner Bunker moved that payment of retention to Nevada Electric Company
for the relocation of the Traffic Signal at 5th and Bonanza in the total amount
of $129.50 be approved, and the Comptroller authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

HOLLYDALE TRACT #2	Commissioner Fountain moved the final map of Hollydale Tract No. 2 be approved

Final Map	and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tern Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

IMPROVEMENT AGREEMENT      Works Engineer Uehling presented the proposed Improvement Agreement for the
Tam Drive & Baltimore              Southeast comer of Tam Drive and Baltimore Avenue, signed by Bernard Zeldon,
Avenue	Vice President of M & G Inc. He advised the Commission that this is for the

	construction of off-site improvements on the south side of Baltimore and east

side of Tam Drive. He stated that Mr. Zeldon has requested ten days to com-
mence construction and sixty days to complete.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Improvement Agreement for the Southeast comer of
Tam Drive and Baltimore Avenue be approved, subject to the payment of the inspection 
fees, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT           Commissioner Bunker moved that the construction bids for the installation of improvements 
NO. 100-35	in Assessment District No. 100-35 be opened on March 5, 1958 at 8:00

Construction Bids	P.M. and the following resolution adopted:

Called

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency
Ordinance No. 758, passed, adopted and approved the 22nd day of January, 1958;
and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City Clerk
to advertise for construction bids all in accordance with proceedings heretofore 
taken, to construct said improvements by special assessment,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof, held on the 5th day of February, 1958,
that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she hereby
is directed to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will receive bids
for the furnishing of labor, materials, transportation and services for the improvement 
of East Charleston Boulevard in Special Assessment District No. 100-35
as created by Emergency Ordinance No. 758 in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of 
Commissioners be and she hereby is directed to publish a notice of the receipt of
bids for said construction by publication at least three times one week apart
in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of 
Commissioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said construction 
will be received until 8:00 P.M. on Wednesday, the 5th day of March, 1958,
at which time said bids will be opened.

2-5-58