RESOLUTION

WHEREAS; the Nevada Municipal Association at its annual meeting on
September 18th, 19th and 20th, considered appropriate ways or methods of
raising additional revenue from municipalities within the State of Nevada; and

WHEREAS; said Association referred said matter to the Board of Trustees of
 Said Association, without recommendation; and

WHEREAS; it appears likely that said Board of Trustees will consider the
enactment of permissive legislation in the 1960 Session of the Nevada Legislature 
to enable and permit municipalities to collect a sales tax for the
purpose of additional revenue for the municipalities; and

WHEREAS; the National Institute of Municipal Law Officers enacted a
Resolution requesting the Congress of the United States to make additional
revenue available to municipalities by a cutback in Federal expenditures and
without new revenue against individuals; and

WHEREAS; the population in Las Vegas and Clark County; Nevada; is the
largest within the State and the revenue derived through the sales tax is
42.33% of the entire amount collected throughout the State of Nevada; and

WHEREAS; the consideration given to such sales tax measure should be
proportionate to the population and tax derived;

NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting held on the 23rd day of October,

1959, that this municipality is not in favor of permissive sales tax
legislation, or any other form of taxation through or by a sales tax and the
City of Las Vegas places itself on record as against the enactment of any
such measure.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that copies of this Resolution be forwarded to
Mayor Richards, President of the Nevada Municipal Association and the Board of
Directors of said Association.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 23rd day of October, 1959.

/s/ Oran K. Gragson_________

ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Marjorie Holtschlag__________

MARJORIE HOLTSCHLAG, City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

SICK LEAVE 	Acting City Manager Robert Heath presented a request from Chief of Police

EXTENSION	Sheffer for an advance of an additional 30 days sick leave for James Bell of the

James Bell	Police Department. Mr. Heath advised a similar request had been approved

several weeks ago; however, Chief Sheffer was of the opinion James Bell was an
Approved	extremely faithful employee and deserving of this consideration. Mr. Heath stated

further this request was for an advance and would be repaid by the employee and
there was no long term financial expenditure by the City.

Commissioner Fountain moved an advance of an additional 30 days sick leave for
James Bell of the Police Department be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

PURCHASE REQUISITION	Commissioner Sharp moved Purchase Requisition No. 7060 to the Mueller Company,

	2801 E. 12th Street, Los Angeles 23, California, for Fire Hydrants in the estimated 

Fire Hydrants	amount of $6,750 be approved as requested by the Fire Department.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

AMERICAN MUNICIPAL	Acting City Manager Heath presented the Commission with an invitation received

CONGRESS	from the American Municipal Association to attend the 36th annual American

Municipal Congress to be held in Denver, Colorado, November 29 - December 2,

Nov. 29 - Dec. 2,	1959.

1959

PRISONER RELEASE	Commissioner Fountain moved the Mayor be authorized to sign the necessary papers

Richard W. Houser	releasing prisoner Richard W. Houser.

Authorized	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

10-23-59