WHEREAS; the above-cited Federal law requires as a condition to the execution of
a contract for a loan and capital grant for an urban renewal project that the locality present
to the Housing and Home Finance Administrator a workable program; as set forth in Section 101(c)
of said Title 1; for utilizing appropriate public and private resources to eliminate and prevent 
the development or spread of; slums and urban blight; to encourage needed urban rehabilitation, 
to provide for the redevelopment of blighted deteriorated; or slum areas or to undertake
such other feasible community activities as may be suitably employed to achieve the objectives
of such a program; and

WHEREAS; the Urban Renewal Administration has determined that it has become necessary
to establish a ceiling on the amount of funds available to a locality to assure equitable distribution 
among as many localities as possible; and

WHEREAS; it is recognized that contracts for loans and capital grants for urban	

renewal projects will require; among other things; (1) the approval of the urban renewal plan
by the governing body of the locality in which the project is situated; (2) the provision of
local grants-in-aid which may consist of donations of cash; land; demolition or removal work;
and the installation; construction or reconstruction of streets; utilities; parks; playgrounds
or other improvements or the provision of other public buildings or facilities; and (3) the
development of a feasible method for the relocation of families displaced from the urban renewal
area.

NOW; THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners:	

Section 1. That the proposed Urban Renewal Area described above is a slum; blighted; deteriorated 
or deteriorating area appropriate for an urban renewal project and that the undertaking by the
City of Las Vegas of surveys and plans for an urban renewal project of the character contemplated
by Section 110(c) of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended and supplemented; in the proposed Urban
Renewal Area described above, is hereby approved.

Section 2. That the financial assistance provided under said Title I to assist urban renewal
projects is needed and that the Housing and Home Finance Administrator is hereby requested to
reserve for an urban renewal project in the proposed Urban Renewal Area described above Federal
capital grant funds in an amount sufficient to enable the City of Las Vegas to finance the 
undertaking of the project.

Section 3. That it is cognizant of the fact that this resubmission is submitted and this action
is being taken with full consideration of the ceiling on new Capital Grant Authority available to
this locality and the capital grant needs of any other projects being planned or carried out by
this locality.

Section 4. That it is cognizant of the conditions that are imposed in the undertaking and
carrying out of urban renewal projects with Federal financial assistance under Title I, including
the requirements of said Title I respecting the workable program mentioned above, and that it
is the sense of this body (a) that a feasible method for the relocation of families displaced
from the urban renewal area, in conformity with said Title I, can be prepared, and (b) that
local grants-in-aid, consisting of donations of cash, land, demolition or removal work, and
the installation, construction or reconstruction of streets, utilities, parks, playgrounds or a
other improvements or the provision of other public buildings or facilities, necessary for
carrying out in the Urban Renewal Area the urban renewal objectives of said Title I in accordance 
with the urban renewal plan, can and will be provided in an amount which will not be less than
one-third of the net project cost and which, together with the Federal capital grant, will be
generally equal to the difference between gross project costs and the proceeds or value of
project land sold, leased or retained for use in accordance with the urban renewal plan.

Section 5. That the filing of an application by the City of Las Vegas for an advance of funds
from the United States of America in an amount not to exceed $81,902.00 for surveys and plans for
an urban renewal project in the urban renewal area described above is hereby approved, and that the
Mayor or Mayor Pro Tem is hereby authorized and directed to execute and file such Application
with the Housing and Home Finance Administrator, and to provide such additional information and
to furnish such documents as may be required by said Administrator, and to act as the authorized
representative of the City of Las Vegas.

/s/ REED WHIPPLE___________________

Mayor Pro Tem

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D.

Baker, and Commissioner Fountain.

BID NO. 58.33	Mr. Uehling, Principal Civil Engineer, advised the Board	that the bid of the Longley Construction

Water Line -	Company, 421 West Bonanza in the amount of $8,253.65 was	the low bid for the construction

Lion's Club Park	of the water line on Fifth Street, Washington and Lion's	Club Park and that while the bid was

20 percent above the Engineering Department's estimate, the cost of re-advertising would be
Award	more than the difference and that is recommended that the contract be awarded to the Longley

Construction Company.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the Contract for Bid No. 58.33 for Water Line on Fifth Street,
Washington and Lion's Club Park be awarded to the Longley Construction Company, 421 West Bonanza
for the low bid in the total amount of $8,253.65.

Motions seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D.

Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

HOLLYDALE TRACT #3	The Commission considered Hollydale Tract #3 Final Plat. Mr. Uehling stated that this is a

FINAL PLAT	continuation of the original plat laid out for Hollydale Tract including this last portion

of about ten lots.

Approved

The subdivider, the Arden Building Corporation, has deposited a $13,341.00 Cashier's Check
with the City for placing offsite improvements. It was requested that the final plat be
approved and the Mayor Pro Tem and City Clerk be authorized to sign the Final Plat and 
Subdivision Agreement.

10-15-58