His Honor asked if there were any objection to this rezoning. None were voiced or filed.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Richard L. Bingham for rezoning of a portion
of the SE¼, NE¼ of Section 27; T20S, R61E from R-2-T to C-2 be approved and the City Attorney
authorized to prepare an ordinance for adoption.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, Bunker and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 58.21	Director of Public Works Sauer recommended that the low bid of Inland Service and Supply

Rubber Tired Payloader	be rejected in that it does not meet the specifications and that the next lowest bid of

Award	Clark County Wholesale on Bid No. 58.21 for the furnishing of a Hough Payloader in the total

amount of $15,711.00 be accepted.

Clark County Wholesale

Commissioner Fountain moved that the low bid of Inland Service and Supply Corporation be
rejected by reason of its not meeting Specifications and that Bid No. 58.21 for a Rubber-
tired Payloader be awarded to the Clark County Wholesale in the total amount of $15,711.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, Bunker and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WATER SERVICE	The Director of Public Works requested permission to secure bids for the installation of a

Lions Club Park	water service line along the east side of North 5th Street to connect the Las Vegas Valley

Water system for service to Lions Club Park. He stated the installation includes 1,650 lineal
feet of 6" line and two fire hydrants, at an estimated cost of $5,870.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved authorization be granted to receive bids for the installation of a
waterline to Lions Club Park, bids to be opened October 1, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, Bunker and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SUNSET MANOR #1	Director of Public Works Sauer advised that all the improvements have been completed in Sunset

Release of Bond	Manor Tract No. 1 and recommended these improvements be accepted and the bond released.

Commissioners Fountain moved the improvements in Sunset Manor Tract No. 1 be accepted and the
bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING	Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Leon and Corine Carter for a strip of

R/W DEED	property five feet in width to complete the 30 foot right-of-way on the north side of Jefferson

Jefferson Avenue	Avenue between "J" and "M" Streets.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and unanimously carried,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 17th day of September, 1958, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 27th
day of August, 1958, executed by Leon Carter and Corine Carter husband and wife to the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, R. K. Boos, Acting City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy of the
Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of the
Board of Commissioners held on the 17th day of September, 1958.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 18th day of September, 1958.

s/ R. E. Boos_________________________

Acting Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioners Fountain and Sharp reported favorably on the proposed ordinance to adopt a

Liquified Petroleum	Liquified Petroleum Gas Code.

Gas Code

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Clerk be authorized to give notice that the Liquified
Petroleum Gas Code is on file, and considered for adoption at the next regular meeting on
October 1, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, Bunker and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed Uniform Housing

Uniform Housing Code Code ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed Uniform Building

Building Code	Code Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed Unsafe Buildings

Unsafe Buildings	ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

9-17-58