Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

HOUSE MOVING	Director of Public Works Sauer asked that the request from Mr. & Mrs. Murray

Sanders to move a frame and stucco single dwelling from 1413 North "D" Street
Murray Sanders	to 1225 West Van Buren Street be withdrawn from the agenda pending receipt of

Withdrawn	further information.

SALARY INCREASES	Commissioner Sharp moved the following salary increases for December 1, 1959,as

approved by the Board of Civil Service Trustees, be approved:

December 1, 1959

NAME	DEPARTMENT	STEP	SCHEDULE	DOLLARS

Approved

Opolka, Christine	Finance	1-2	21	308	-	323

Bordwell, Lisle	Police	3-4	34	620	-	650

Dietz, Robert	Fire	4-5	29	513	-	537

Knox, Harold G.	Fire	4-5	29	513	-	537

Jenkins, William	Park	1-2	18	269	-	282

Patterson, Mary F.	P.W. Eng.	4-5	24	407	-	427

Barr, Larry L.	P.W. Sew. Disp.	4-5	22	370	-	388

Norton, Donald	P.W. St. Light.	4-5	26	447	-	468

Antuna, Jess J.	Recreation	1-2	18	269	-	282

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

"OPERATION SANTA CLAUS"                Commissioner Elwell moved the request from the Loyal Order of Moose for permission
TOY DRIVE	to use a sound truck on the City streets, December 5, 1959, from 10:00 A.M. to

4:00 P.M., to publicize their "Operation Santa Claus" Toy Drive, be approved.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

GENERAL FUND	City Manager Kennedy advised the General Fund Balance as of November 30, 1959,

BALANCE	was $1,199,612.26; Gross Payroll was an estimated $115,000; Service & Material

Warrants were $86,744.83.

CLARK COUNTY WATER	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the City had been requested to

CONSERVATION AND	approve an expenditure of $1,500 for their participation in the Clark County Water

FLOOD CONTROL	Conservation and Flood Control District along with the County of Clark, City of

DISTRICT	North Las Vegas, City of Henderson and the Unincorporated Town of Sunrise Manor.

The purpose of these funds was to make reports and studies in preparing legislation
Expenditure	and Mr. Kennedy stated it might be necessary to approve additional funds at a

Approved	later date.

Commissioner Fountain moved an expenditure of $1,500 be approved for the City's
participation in the Clank County Water Conservation and Flood Control District
program, and the Director of Finance and City Treasurer authorized to issue the
warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

GIRL SCOUTS OF AMERICA	City Manager Kennedy stated some years ago the Frontier Girl Scout Council was

leased a plot of ground in Squires Park adjacent to the State Building and they
Frontier Council	now had the necessary financing to go ahead with the construction of a building

there. Mr. Kennedy added he had discussed with them the possibility of locating
their headquarters on another parcel of City land, as this present location was
going to be one of the busiest corners in Las Vegas.

Commissioner Fountain stated that the Fair and Recreation Board had approved the
Girl Scouts' use of one of the rooms in the Convention Hall for a nominal fee,
and he believed this arrangement would take care of their immediate needs; 
therefore, he suggested this matter be held in abeyance and in the meantime the
possibility of another site should be investigated. Commissioner Sharp recommended
that a meeting be arranged between the City Commissioners and representatives
of this group to discuss this matter.

SEWAGE SYSTEM	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission at the present time the City had been

HOOKUP RATES	accepting sewer connections to property outside but adjacent to the City Limits

and there had been a request from a property owner out on West Charleston to
Outside Sewer	connect into the City Sewer System; however, he was unable to get the release

Connections	from the County Commissioners to allow the recovery of their funds when they

came into the City.

Payment Formula

Approved	At the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, held November 4, 1959,

Director of Public Works Sauer presented the request of Mr. M. A. Schneider,
owner of the shopping center at the corner of Arville and Charleston, which was
in the County and not connected into the City Sewer, wherein he would like to have
the Board of City Commissioners consider a refund for the difference in the rates
charged within the City and outside the City, if and when this property should
become annexed to the City. At that time the Commission did not approve the
return of the moneys, and moved this matter be held in abeyance for further study.

Mr. Kennedy continued that this was a problem of some note, as the connection fee
was rather high, but fair, and that a formula had been worked out on the scale
presently being charged whereby, if the connection fee was over $1,000, payment
would be allowed in five yearly installments. If, in the meantime, the property
became annexed to the City, the payments would cease; in other words, if it became
a part of the City within three years, only 3/5ths of the payments would be required
and, if not, the whole amount would be paid over the five year period and the
owner would not be entitled to any refund.

12-2-59