Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NEVADA MUNICIPAL ASSN.	Mayor Baker advised the Commission that Commissioner Fountain, member of the Board

Increase in Dues	of Directors of the Nevada Municipal Association has received a latter from the

Association suggesting that a full-time executive secretary be employed. His
Honor stated that the City's proportionate share of the Budget for the Nevada Municipal 
Association would be increased to $3770.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the City subscribe to the payment of $3770.00 to the
Nevada Municipal Association, provided that all other cities belonging to the Association 
contribute their pro-rata share.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PETITION FOR ANNEXATION 	The Commission considered the petition of John P. Purdy, Executor of the estate of

	Myrtle 1. Purdy for the annexation of 147 acres of property located in Clark County,

designated as the SW¼  of Section 6, T21S, R61E.

Commissioner Bunker moved this petition for annexation be referred to the Planning
Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHARITABLE  	Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for Charitable Solicitation
SOLICITATION PERMITS	Permits be approved, as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, and the

Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

Lions Club 49'ers

Firemen's Benefit Assn, of Clark County
L.V. High School Wild Cat Band
Twenty-Thirty Anns
St. Anns Mother's Club

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple voting aye and His Honor; noes, none.

CIGARETTE LICENSES	Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for license for the retail sale

of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved, and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

BLACK HAWK RESTAURANT	1300 C Street	Sutton Vending

TED WIENS TEXACO SERVICE	Oakey & 5th	Sutton Vending

JACKSON HOTEL	405	Jackson	Sutton	Vending

WESTERN LAUNDRY	1205	Western	Sutton	Vending

BON BUNS BAKERY	2224	E. Charleston	Sutton	Vending

TROPIC'S MOTEL	2210	South 5th	Sutton	Vending

HUNTRIDGE BARBER SHOP	1210	E. Charleston	Sutton	Vending

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING LICENSES -	Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for additional gaming licenses

Additional	be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:



THE PUB	1216 South Main	Automatic Amusement	1 Pinball

SAVOY CAFE	624 South 5th	Ted Patton	2 Slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AUCTION PERMIT	The Commission considered the request of Young and Rue Moving and Storage to 

	conduct an auction	 sale to dispose of the inventory of the Fisher-Grant Storage 

Furniture Store on April 19, 1958, the proceeds of which will go for the benefit of the
creditors.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for an auction permit be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	The Commission considered the application of Lester Goldring and Wallace Winstrom

Change of Owner	for the tavern license for the Log Cabin Bar, 122 North 1st Street, presently issued 

to Fred Webber. City Manager Kennedy advised the Board that the Police investigation 
Log Cabin Bar	of these applicants was favorable.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Lester Goldring and Wallace Winstrom
for the tavern license for the Log Cabin Bar, 122 North 1st Street be approved, and
the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Consideration was given to the request of James Costello Sr. to add the following

Addn. of Partners	members of his family as partners in his Wholesale Beverage license at Roach 

Distributing, 828 South Main:

James Costello, Jr.	17%

Edward Cottello	13%

Thomas M. Costello	7%

Eileen A. Costello	2.5%

4-16-58