he had loaned Smokey Cigarette Company machines because they did not have machines
to fill those locations and Mr. Hart replied that was true. Commissioner Sharp
asked further where these locations were and Mr. Hart mentioned the Main One-Stop
Service Station and the motel across from the Showboat and others he could not
recall without the records; however, he stated they were not the ones listed on the
Smokey Cigarette Company's applications. Commissioner Sharp stated further that
these were not his locations but the machines were his and that he had loaned them
to the Smokey Cigarette Compary and Mr. Hart answered that was true.

At this point Commissioner Sharp produced an affidavit from Ray Eckl of the Smokey
Cigarette Company which he asked Chief of Police Ray Sheffer to read, which he did
in part as follows:

"That on or about the 26th day of June, 1959, I was approached by one Ralph T. (Red)
Warne who, due to his having had a license issued and then informed later that the
license was issued in error and because of this having to remove his machine from
the Shamrock, asked me if I would install a machine in the Shamrock Bar until such
time as Nevada Vending was approved for a license to operate their own business.

This I agreed to do and the machine installed in the Shamrock is my own machine".

Commissioner Sharp asked if any stock of this corporation had been issued to anyone
other than those listed on the application of the Nevada Vending Machine Company and
Mr. Hart stated they had had application from two people to buy stock but they had
found out they could not do this without police report.

Commissioner Fountain asked Mr. Hart if	they did have stock up	for	sale	and Mr.

Hart answered yes, 30 shares at $10.00 a share. Mr. Hart said	the	 facts in the

affidavit were not exactly correct and that under the agreement with Mr. Eckl if
they did not get their license, he would still have these locations. Commissioner
Sharp asked if Mr. Eckl received any money for the machines placed by him and Mr.

Hart answered the amount had not been agreed upon but that he would get a 
consideration for it.

Commissioner Whipple stated the crux of	the matter was whether	Mr.	Hart	made an

agreement, verbal or otherwise, and did	he go cut and solicit under the	name of the

Smokey Cigarette Compary. Mr. Hart stated they never entered into such an agreement;
that Mr. Warne and Mr. Eckl had talked together; and further that no locations were
solicited besides those which they had procured during the time they thought they
were licensed.

Commissioner Whipple said if someone would do this in their name it was subterfuge
on their part. Mr. Hart stated there were a lot of things on record that did not
look very good and mentioned the police investigation and the time wasted in getting
a certain letter written and then it was written to the wrong place. He added they
were put behind the 8-ball due to their inefficiency.

Commissioner Sharp stated he resented this inference about the "inefficiency" of
the Police Department. Mr. Hart continued that in this case he said "inefficiency"
and he meant just that, but in some matters the Police Department was doing a fine
job.

Commissioner Fountain moved that due to the fact the Commission had an unfavorable
police report on the Nevada Vending Machine Company the application for a cigarette
vending operators license be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Commissioner Whipple qualified his vote stating that he had not had a
chance to study the police report and Mr. Eckl's affidavit but on the face of it he
felt there was an involvement.

SMOKEY CIGARETTE COMPANY   Commissioner Whipple stated that in all fairness the owner of the Smokey Cigarette

Company should be asked to appear at the next Commission Meeting so they could find
Cited to Show Cause	out about this matter.

Commissioner Whipple moved Ray Eckl, owner, Smokey Cigarette Company, be cited to
appear before the Board of Commissioners at 7:30 p.m. on the 5th day of August, 1959,
to show cause, if any he had, why his cigarette vending machine operators license
should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

BID OPENING 59.51	This being the time heretofore set for Bid Opening No. 59.51 for Gasoline, bids

Gasoline	were received as follows:

Referred to Public Works	Richfield Oil Corp.	$	.273 per gallon

General Petroleum Corp.	.278 per gallon

Tidewater Oil Co.	.267 per gallon

Union Oil Co.	.2402 per gallon

Shell Oil Co.	.281 per gallon

Texaco, Inc.	.2477 per gallon

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

7-15-59