PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Bunker moved that the Regular Payroll Warrant Nos. 33065 - 33599 for the pay

period from March 1 - March 15; 1959; in the net amount of $80,584.38 and the Overtime
Payroll Warrant No. 33600 in the net amount of $4.$4, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved that the minutes of March 4 and March 11, 1959; he approved

March 4 and March 11,	by reference and that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same.

1959

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

HOUSING AUTHORITY	Mayor Baker stated that in regard to the letter received from the Housing Authority

Sale of Land at	requesting a 90-day option to purchase 9-098 acres of City land located in the vicinity

28th & Charleston	of 28th and Charleston Boulevard described as Parcel 1 in map submitted with their

request, and a request for a 2 year option on additional 10-796 acres in the same area,

Options Approved	that he would entertain a motion to instruct the City Manager and City Attorney to see

that the necessary option papers were drawn.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the City Manager and City Attorney prepare the necessary
papers for a 90-day option for the sale of 9-098 acres of City land located in the
vicinity of 28th and Charleston Boulevard and a 2 year option on an additional 10.796
acres in the same area to the Housing Authority.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

'	Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote

because his firm is engaged as architect for the Housing Authority. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

DR. CHESTER LYON	In conjunction with the lease of land to the Housing Authority mentioned above, Mayor

Cancellation of Option	Baker stated that he would entertain a motion that the City Manager and City Attorney

28th & Charleston	be instructed to withdraw the renewed option presented to Dr. Lyon on the purchase of

property at 28th Street and Charleston Boulevard and notify Dr. Lyon that his original
option which expired in February, 1959; has been cancelled.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the City Manager and City Attorney be instructed to with-
draw the renewed option presented to Dr. Lyon on the purchase of property at 28th and
Charleston Boulevard and notify Dr. Lyon that his original option which expired February,

1959 has been cancelled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION	Commissioner Bunker moved that the following Charitable Solicitation Permits as approved

PERMITS	by the Solicitation Review Board be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue

authorized to issue the permits:

o^vovaa

VALLEY VIEW GOLF CLUB - Annual Tournament, Popularity Contest, Trophy and Advertising
SOUTHERN NEVADA SIGHTLESS, INC. - Annual White Cane Drive

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain. Absent

LIQUOR & GAMING	Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Chas. Teel, Schuyler and Capps, presently

Fairway Liquors	doing business as The 19th Hole, 1311	E. Charleston, Package Liquor and Beer Bar, to

change the name to Fairway Liquors be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
Change of Name	authorized to issue the license.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent-. Commtsstor-e-r	.

LIQUOR	The Commission considered the application of V. & J. Barret and S. & J. Sobchik for a

Atomic Bar	tavern license at the Atomic Bar, 917 Fremont. This license is presently issued to the

Lido Bar, 107 N. 1st, in the names of	William Elwell and Jack Conlon. The applicants are

Change of Name,	presently holders of a package liquor	and beer bar license at the Atomic Liquor Store,

Ownership and	917 Fremont.

Location

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of V. & J. Barrett and S. & J. Sobchik for
Approved	a tavern license at the Atomic Bar, 917 Fremont, be approved and the Supervisor of License

and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

SPECIAL EVENTS LIQUOR	The Commission considered	the application of James Snowden for a Special Events Liquor

APPLICATION	Application to be held by	the Forward Corporation at 900 W. Bonanza on March 29, 1959-

Forward Corporation	This application is for a	cocktail party to be held at this address for the benefit of

the Forward Corporation Scholarship Program. Mr. Snowden is presently a holder of a
Approved	Liquor License at Jimmy's.Liquor Store, 607 Van Buren; therefore, no police investigation

is necessary.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of James Snowden for a Special Events
Liquor License for a cocktail party to be held by the Forward Corporation at 900 W. Bonanza
on March 29, 1959, for the benefit of their Scholarship Program be approved and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

3-18-59	_________________________________