Las Vegas, Nevada

March 5, 1958

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 5th day of March, 1958, was called to order at the hour of 7:45 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Works Engineer	V.B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

SHOW CAUSE HEARING	Mr. David Zenoff, representing Robert Van Santen appeared at this time relative

Robert Van Santen	to the order that had been issued for Mr. Van Santen to appear and show cause

why his tavern liquor license at 109 Fremont should not be revoked. Mr. Zenoff
advised the Commission that Mr. Van Santen had been ill advised when he 
requested permission to transfer this liquor license, and requested the Board to
table the matter for an indefinite period of time.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the order for Robert Van Santen to appear before
the Board to show cause why his tavern liquor license should not be revoked be
removed from the agenda.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

HOUSING AUTHORITY	Mayor Baker announced that the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas has an

Additional Units	opportunity to take advantage of Government aid for the construction of 75 

	additional low cost housing units. Thereafter the Clerk read the resolution 

approving the application for the preliminary loan for low-rent public housing and
approving the form of cooperation agreement with the Housing Authority.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution be adopted and the 
cooperation agreement with the Housing Authority approved:

RESOLUTION NO. ___

RESOLUTION APPROVING APPLICATION FOR PRELIMINARY LOAN FOR LOW-RENT

PUBLIC HOUSING, AND APPROVING THE FORM OF COOPERATION AGREEMENT

WITH THE HOUSING AUTHORITY OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, AND

AUTHORIZING ITS EXECUTION

WHEREAS, it is the policy of this locality to eliminate sub-standard and
other inadequate housing, to prevent the spread of slums and blight, and to
realize as soon as feasible the goal of a decent home in a suitable living 
environment for all of its citizens; and

WHEREAS, under the provisions of the United States Housing Act of 1937; as
amended, the Public Housing Administration is authorized to provide financial 
assistance to local public housing agencies for undertaking and carrying out 
preliminary planning of low-rent housing projects that will assist in meeting this
goal; and

WHEREAS, the Act provides that there shall be local determination of need
for low-rent housing to meet needs not being adequately met by private enterprise 
and that the Public Housing Administration shall not make any contract
with a public housing agency for preliminary loans for surveys and planning in
respect to any low-rent housing projects unless the governing body of the locality 
involved has by resolution approved the application of the public housing
agency for such preliminary loan; and

WHEREAS, the HOUSING AUTHORITY OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, (herein
called the "Local Authority") is a public housing agency and is applying to the
Public Housing Administration for a preliminary loan to cover the costs of surveys 
and planning in connection with the development of low-rent housing; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 15(7) (b) of the United States Housing Act of
1937; as amended, it is necessary that the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, enter into
an agreement with the Local Authority providing for local cooperation as a condition 
precedent to the making of any loan for development of any low-rent housing 
Project or Projects or for annual contributions:

NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada as follows:

1.	There exists in the City of Las Vegas a need for such low-rent housing
at rents within the means of low-income families;

2.	The application of the Local Authority to the Public Housing Administra-
tion for a preliminary loan in an amount not to exceed $15,000 for surveys and
planning in connection with low-rent housing projects of not to exceed approximately 
75 dwelling units is hereby approved.

3. That the City of Las Vegas shall enter into a Cooperation Agreement with
the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit "A", which said agreement is hereby approved.

3-5-58