BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said notice shall be in substantially the form
attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 5th day of February, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Bunker moved that the Clerk be authorized to give Notice of the Public 

NO. 100-35	Hearing on Assessment Roll for Assessment District No. 100-35 ami the following 

Notice of Hearing	resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency
Ordinance No. 758, passed, adopted and approved the 22nd day of January, 1958;
and

WHEREAS, Section 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 758, directs the County
Assessor of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the Ex-Officio City Assessor of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to make an Assessment Roll in accordance with the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the said Ex-Officio City Assessor did prepare such Assessment
Roll in accordance with said ordinance and on the 31st day of January, 1958,
filed said Assessment Roll with the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, all as
directed in Section 7 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 758; and

WHEREAS, said Roll was numbered by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
as directed by Section 8 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 758; and

WHEREAS, on the 3rd day of February, 1958, the City Clerk did mail a copy
of the Notice of Special Assessment and Hearing Thereon to the last known addresses 
of each last known owner of land within the District, whose property will
be assessed for the cost of the improvement, such addresses and owners being those
appearing on the local property assessment rolls for general (ad valorem) taxes
of the County of Clark; and

WHEREAS, the time has arrived to ratify and confirm the action of the City
Clerk in mailing the Notice of Special Assessment and to direct additional publication 
of the notice as required by Section 67 of the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas and Section 10 of said Ordinance 1758,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 5th day of February, 1958,
that the action of the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners in
mailing a copy of the Notice of Special Assessment and Hearing Thereon, by United
States Mail, postage prepaid, first class mail, to the last known addresses of
each of the last known owner of land within the district whose property will be
assessed for the cost of the improvement, such addresses and owners being those
appearing on the local property assessment roll for general (ad valorem) taxes of
the County of Clark, be and the same hereby is ratified and confirmed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of 
Commissioners be and she is hereby directed to publish notice of the time and place
when and where the Board and the County Assessor and Ex-Officio City Assessor,
will meet to consider objections to said Assessment Roll and to review said 
assessments by publication once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas
Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the said Notice of Special Assessment shall
be in substantially the same form attached to this Resolution and made a part
hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 5th day of February, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

RESOLUTIONS ACCEPTING        Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Robert F. and Lucille P. Detmers
R/W DEEDS	for 40 feet of right-of-way for Noble Lane, south of Bonanza Road.

Noble Lane	On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried

	unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner
E.W. Fountain, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 5 day of February, 1958, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 18 day of January, 1958, executed by Robert F. Detmers and Lucille P. Detmers,
husband and wife to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes 
of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

2-5-58