Commissioner Fountain moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
and Director of Public Works for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID OPENING NO.	59.05	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 59.05 for	the furnishing

Asphaltic Concrete	of all labor, materials, transportation and service for paving the Golf	Course Reservoir,

Pavement for Municipal	more fully described in the Plans and Specifications, bids were received as follows:

Golf Course Reservoir

Wells Cargo, Inc.	$ 9,868.00

Referred to Public Works	H. W. Polk	12,020.00

Ideal Asphalt Paving Co. Inc. 14,558.00

Commissioner Sharp moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID OPENING NO.	59.06	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 59.06 for	the furnishing

Construction of	Street	of all labor, materials, transportation and service for construction of	a street

Lighting System; 	lighting system on Sunrise Avenue between 25th and 28th Streets, more fully described

Sunrise Avenue between	in the Plans and Specifications, bids were received as follows:

25th & 28th Streets

Nevada Electric Company Inc. $ 3,029.52
Referred to Public Works	Acme Electric, L. L. Ousley	2,621.35

Commissioner Fountain moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
and Director of Public Works for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RELOCATION OF HOUSING	The Commission again considered the request of the United Fund and the Salvation Army

AUTHORITY BUILDING	that the City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark jointly assume the responsibility

Salvation Army Shelter	of moving and relocating a Housing Authority Building onto City owned property at 605 N.

"A" Street, to be used for the Salvation Army Shelter.

City Manager Kennedy stated that the total estimated cost to move this building and
bring it up to code would be $13,300.00 The City Clerk read a letter received from the
United Fund of Clark County, Inc., dated February 16, 1959.

Mr. George Boman of the United Fund spoke to the Commission stating that the figure of
$6,000.00 for the moving and relocating the building on a cement slab floor would be
the top in total cost to be divided between the City and County. City Manager Kennedy
said that when he talked with them the other day, that it was his impression that the
County and City were going to pay the $3,400.00 for the moving of the building. He
stated he thought the City could share $1700.00 for their half.

Commissioner Fountain stated that he believed this shelter should be provided for.

Mr. Boman spoke again stating that the United Fund and Salvation Army will also have
to secure the $7,300.00 to bring the building up to code, but that they felt this has
to be taken care of and it might be that the cost would not run as high as estimated.

City Attorney Calvin Cory recommended that a lease be drawn and executed before the
moving of this building commences. City Manager Kennedy stated that Mr. Gerson of
the Housing Authority has a contract to tear this building down and is waiting to see
how the Salvation Army comes out with this plan of moving the building. Mr. Boman
stated that he assumed Harry Levy is in contact with Mr. Gerson and that he will wait
until this plan is worked out.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he was willing to go along with the plan if the County
is willing to participate.

Commissioner Fountain moved than an expenditure of not to exceed $3,000.00 for the
moving of the Housing Authority building to City property located at 605 North "A"

Street and construction of a slab be authorized, provided:

1.	The Clark County Board of Commissioners authorizes an expenditure
of an equal amount.

2.	A lease first be executed between the City of Las Vegas and the
Salvation Army for the City property located at 605 North "A" Street;
a condition of the lease to be that the Salvation Army and the
United Fund bring the building up to code within a specified time.

3.	The United Fund and/or the Salvation Army furnish the City a set of
plans so that the City of Las Vegas may take bids and award contracts
for the moving of the building and construction of the slab.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp asked if there were plans prepared for the project so the City can
advertise for bids. Harry Whiteley, Architect, told him that they would have them
prepared and that he wished it spread on the minutes that they are very appreciative
of this action on the part of the Mayor and Board of City Commissioners.

-0O0-

At the hour of 8:25 P.M. the meeting was recessed and reconvened at the hour of 8:40 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

-0O0-

2-18-59