exchange of properties may be made by the electors of
the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the following notice, to-wit:

NOTICE OF PUBLIC MEETING

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a public meeting will
be held by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas on Wednesday, the 7th day of January, 1959, at the
Council Chambers, City Hall, 400 Stewart Street, Las Vegas,
Nevada, at which time the Board will consider the adoption
of a resolution authorizing the Board to exchange certain
real properties with the Clark County School District, the
descriptions of which are contained in a resolution adopted
by the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting held
December 17, 1958. If said resolution is adopted, the City
will exchange land owned by it, for an equal amount of land
owned by the Clark County School District, and neither
party will receive any cash payment for the said exchange.

All parties interested are hereby notified to appear
at the time and place above mentioned.

DATED:	18th day of December, 1958.

____/s/ Robert F. Boos

Acting City Clerk

be published in a newspaper of general circulation, published
in the City of Las Vegas, and such notice shall be published
not less than twice on successive days, the last publication
to be not less than seven (7) days before the day of said
public meeting.



BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and Clerk of the
Board of Commissioners is hereby authorized and directed to
publish the said notice in the Las Vegas Sun, a newspaper of
general circulation in Clark County, Nevada.

ADOPTED and APPROVED this 17th day of December, 1958.

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D. Baker
Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Robert F. Boos
Acting City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SALE OF LAND TO SCHOOL	The Commission considered the adoption of a resolution

DISTRICT	declaring intent of the City to sell 11.6654 acres of land

at 28th and Stewart Streets at $2,000.00 per acre; total of
28th & Stewart	$23,330.80, to the Clark County School District, setting

January 7, 1959, as the date of public hearing to adopt the
resolution of sale and instructing the City Clerk to publish
Resolution of Intent	Notice of Public Hearing.

Adopted

Commissioner Whipple moved that the following Resolution of
Intention of sale of 11.6654 acres of land at 28th and Stewart

Streets at $2,000.00 per acre; total of $23,330.80, to the
Clark County School District be adopted and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same; and also that the City Clerk be
authorized to publish notice of public hearing to be held
January 7,1959:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
has received a request from the Clark County School District
to sell to them certain real property owned by the City of Las
Vegas, which is not now needed by the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has determined that the said land
hereinafter described can be put to a greater public use by
the Clark County School District for the purpose of constructing
thereon the Roy W. Martin Junior High School near 28th and
Stewart Streets in the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has been offered the sum of
$23,330.80 for the necessary 11.6654 acres of land, which amount
is a fair and reasonable sum to be paid the City of Las Vegas.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas that it hereby declares its intention