Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated that this would require the creation of an assessment district
for the road improvements and this was tried about two years ago but was not successful.

Mrs. Giancontieri said she would find out the correct names of the streets and submit them
to the City Manager.

REQUEST FOR LEAVE	City Manager Kennedy presented a letter from Howard W. Cannon, City Attorney, requesting leave

City Attorney	of absence without pay from September 18 to, and including, November 3, 1958.

Howard Cannon

Commissioner Sharp moved that City Attorney Howard W. Cannon's request for leave of absence
Approved	without pay from September 18 to, and including, November 3, 1958, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D.

Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

BO PEEP NURSERY	City Manager Kennedy advised the Board that in regard to the suspension of the Bo Peep

Nursery License, the Licensees had been notified in writing of all deficiencies that needed
License Reinstated	to be corrected and that they had been corrected; therefore, he recommended that the Bo Peep

Nursery License be reinstated effective October 15, 1958.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the reinstatement of the Bo Peep Nursery License effective
October 15, 1958, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D.

Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

BRAWLEY CHAMBER OF	The City Clerk read a letter received from the	Brawley Chamber of Commerce extending invitation

COMMERCE LETTER	to the Mayor and Commissioners to attend their	Second Annual Brawley Cattle Call and Imperial

Valley Rodeo.

Received and Filed

This letter was received and filed and the City Clerk instructed to acknowledge the letter.

BRUCE STREET 	City Manager Kennedy reported that a search of	title and records revealed that in the City

CONSTRUCTION	Attorney's opinion the City has a better right	to the portion of Bruce Street in question

than Orvy and Adeline Clark have; therefore, the Street Department had been notified to 
resume construction work this morning, October 15, 1958, and hope to have it completed in a
very short time.

NOTICE OF CLAIM	The Board considered the claim of Monique De Montigny. City Manager Kennedy requested that

Monique De Montigny	this not be acted on at this time as he would like to refer this matter to the Engineering

Department for study.

Referred to City

Manager	He reported that the claim was in regard to contamination of the water supply at 3715 E.

Charleston, alleged to be caused by the City sewer; however, to his knowledge it was not
possible for a sewer to contaminate the water supply in that area. Mr. Kennedy, therefore,
requested time to have the matter investigated and a laboratory analysis made of the water
prior to acting on the claim.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the claim of Monique De Montigny be referred to the City
Manager and City Engineer for investigation and report.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D.

Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

NOTICE OF CLAIM	The Board considered the claim of Mae Lowenthal for personal injury to Leonard Lowenthal

Mae Lowenthal	who cut his head and injured his arm diving from the high diving board at the Hyde Park

Swimming Pool. Mr. Kennedy recommended that the claim be denied.

Denied

Commissioner Bunker moved that the claim of Mae Lowenthal be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D.

Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

NOTICE OF CLAIM	The Board considered the claim of James G. Stratos for personal injury when he injured his

James G. Stratos	right hip in a fall in the foyer of the City Police Station. Mr. Kennedy requested that the

claim be denied.

Denied

Commissioner Bunker moved that the claim of James G. Stratos be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor. Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D.

Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS #7 The Board considered the request of Mr. Ernest A. Becker of the Charleston Heights, Inc. for
Fir Avenue	the City Commission to institute condemnation proceedings to acquire right-of-way for Fir

Condemnation	Avenue to intersect Decatur Boulevard as required in the routing when Charleston Heights #7

was tentatively approved. Mr. Becker has attempted to acquire the right-of-way from the
Referred to City Manager property owner without success.

Mr. Becker, who was present, suggested that if condemnation proceedings were instigated it
might induce the owner to sell. The City Attorney pointed out that it would be possible to
dismiss the condemnation proceedings at any time.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the condemnation for Fir Avenue in Charleston Heights #7 be
referred to the City Manager to be given to the proper departments for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D.

Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

HUNTRIDGE FIRE	The Board considered the proposal of Dr. Howard Zellhoefer of $50,000.00 for the purchase of

STATION PROPOSALS	the Huntridge Fire Station for the purpose of converting it into a medical office which he

would use personally to conduct his professional serves; and

Deferred

Proposal of Dr. Ross Sutherland offering $65,000.00 for the Huntridge Fire Station in the
10-15-58