Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

PIPE AND VALVES:	Commissioner Sharp moved that Purchase Requisition No. 5900 to the Concrete Conduit

Rehabilitation Farm	Company, P. O. Box 755,  Henderson, Nevada, in the amount of $4,825.21, for concrete

Irrigation System	irrigation pipe and valves for the Police Rehabilitation Farm underground irrigation

system be approved.

Purchase Requisition

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Approved	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT	Commissioner Fountain moved the	Mayor and	City Clerk be authorized to sign a 

City of North Las Vegas	supplemental agreement to an existing	agreement	dated April 7, 1952, between the City of

Las Vegas and the City of North	Las Vegas	regarding sewers and extending same from

Approved	twenty to fifty years as this was necessary for the City of North Las Vegas to obtain 

Federal Funds.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

FRANKLIN BILLS	City Manager Kennedy presented a request from the Director of Planning, Franklin

Director of Planning	Bills, to assist the City of Caliente, Nevada, in preparing a general community

Approved	plan under contract. Mr. Kennedy explained that Mr. Bills would have to do this

Employment by	work on weekends. Commissioner Fountain asked how long a period would be involved

City of Caliente	and Mr. Bills estimated a 3 or 4 month period should cover the work.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the Director of Planning, Franklin Bills,
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

13TH AND BRIDGER	City Manager Kennedy advised the Board about two years ago the City purchased a

PROPERTY - U. S.	small lot at the comer of 13th Street and Bridger from the U. S. Government for

Government	approximately $1,000.00 for park purposes, and at that time it was to have been

improved by a service club but this had never been done.

Mr. Kennedy stated further that in accordance with the terms of the purchase
biennial reports setting forth the use made of the property were to be submitted
and he now had received a letter from the U. S. Government, Division of Properties,
in regard to the improvement of this property. It was further set out in the terms
of the purchase that this land could be used for no other purpose for a period of
twenty years.

After some discussion the Commission was of the opinion the improvement of this
property should be continued and authorized Mr. Kennedy to so notify the Government
and work out plans for putting this property to recreational use.

FREMONT STREET LIGHTING         City Manager Kennedy informed that at the City Commission meeting held May 20, 1959,
AND WIDENING	report was made on the petition far proposed street lighting installation on Fremont

Street from 6th Street to the intersection of East Charleston Boulevard, Assessment
Assessment District	District 100-28. Mr. Kennedy stated that at that time several property owners in

100-28	this proposed district expressed the desire to include widening of Fremont Street

from 7th Street to 14th Street, and it had now been determined this would increase
   Meeting to be held the assessment by approximately $4.00 per front foot to property owners concerned.

Director of Public Works Sauer advised letters had been sent to all owners to determine 
if they wished the widening in addition to the street lighting but replies had
not been received.

The Commission requested that Mr. Kennedy arrange a meeting with the Engineering
Department, Finance Department and himself, and notify all property owners concerned,
by mail, to attend this meeting to see if they wanted to go ahead with the proposed
assessment district.

BRACKEN AVENUE STREET	City Manager Kennedy advised the Board that effort had been made for the installation

IMPROVEMENTS ASSESSMENT	of street improvements consisting of street, curb, gutters and sidewalks on Bracken

DISTRICT	Avenue between 6th and 7th Streets by means of a cash assessment district; however,

Resolution of Intent	one of the property owners out of the four involved was not agreeable. Mr. Kennedy

requested that action be taken to start a regular assessment district.

Adopted

At the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held October 1, 1958, this
petition for creation of assessment district for these street improvements signed
by Philip H. Empey, Julia S. Huffey and Jerome D. Mack, was referred to the City
Manager and Director of Public Works.

Commissioner Whipple asked if the improvements for this block could not be included
in another assessment district and Mr. Kennedy advised that former City Attorney,
Howard Cannon, had ruled this could not be done unless the district was adjacent
or reasonably close to another assessment district. In this particular case, all
of the adjacent area had already been developed.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following Resolution of Intent for Assessment District
for street improvements on Bracken Avenue between 6th and 7th Streets be adopted and
order made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, a certain area and portion at Bracken Avenue and between Sixth and
Seventh Streets in the City of Las Vegas is without adequate street, curb and gutters;
and

7-1-59