NO PARKING ZONE	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission for the

So. 6th; Charleston	installation of a No Parking Zone along the east side of South 6th Street between Charleston

Blvd. & Park Paseo	Boulevard and Park Paseo. All of the six property owners were contacted and four preferred

parking removed on only one side, one wanted no parking restriction and one wanted no 
Held in Abeyance	restrictions, but if necessary, restrict both sides. Removal on the east side rather than on the

west side was recommended due to the offset existing in the right-of-way north and south of
Charleston Boulevard.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission for the
installation of a No Parking Zone along the east side of South 6th Street between Charleston
Blvd. and Park Paseo be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

	Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VACATION PETITION            Commissioner Whipple moved that the petition of Thomas T. Beam, Joe Cardinal, and Murray

   So. 13th and Bonneville                 Wollman requesting vacation of portions of Bonneville Avenue and South 13th Street, as further

Avenue	described in said petition, be referred to the Planning Department.

Referred to Planning                    Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

	ANNEXATION REQUEST	Commissioner Sharp moved that the request of the T-J Enterprises, Theodore K. Wong, President,

 Winchester Township;	for the annexation of property, presently in Winchester Township, Clark County, at the 

 SW Corner Rancho Rd.	southwest corner of Rancho Road and San Francisco Street more fully described in Exhibit "A" 

& San Francisco	enclosed with their letter of April 27, 1959, be referred to the Planning Department.

Referred to Planning	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

-oOo-

At the hour of 8:30 p.m. the meeting was recessed and reconvened at the hour of 8:40 p.m.
with all members present as of the opening session.

BID NO. $9.08	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Public Works Department that the two bids

Police Rehabilitation	received for Bid No. 59.08 be rejected on the basis of the Engineer's Estimate. Bids were received 

Farm Irrigation System               from the Longley Construction Co., Inc. and J. A. Tiberti Construction Co., and Tiberti's

bid was the low of the two but still approximately 100% greater than the Engineer's Estimate.

Reject

Commissioner Sharp moved that all bids No. 59.08 for the Police Rehabilitation Farm Irrigation
System be rejected as recommended by the Public Works Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 59.16	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Public Works Department that the Bid of

    Construction of	Lembke Construction Company in the amount of $6,314.00 for Bid No. 59.16, Construction of

 Retaining Walls	Retaining Walls at Hadland Park be rejected as being the only bid received and in excess of

at Hadland Park	the Engineer's Estimate which was $4,450.00.

Reject	Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 59.16 received from the Lembke Construction Company

be rejected as recommended by the Public Works Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 59.17	Commissioner Whipple moved that Bid No. 59.17, Sprinkling System at Hyde Park Recreation Area

Sprinkling System;	and the Rotary Club Park be awarded to the Nevada Lawn Irrigation Company in the amount of

Hyde Park Recreation	$26,641.28, as recommended by the Public Works Department.

Area & Rotary Club

Park	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Award

ELECTRICAL WIRING &	Commissioner Sharp moved that the request of the Public Works Department to advertise for bids;

SERVICES TO THE GOLF	to be opened May 20, 1959, for electrical wiring and services to the Golf Course Reservoir

COURSE RESERVOIR PUMPS     Pumps at an estimated cost of $5,300.00 be approved.

Approved to go to Bid                Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

May 20, 1959	Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 PAVING HIGHLAND DRIVE;             Commissioner Fountain moved that the request of the Public Works Department to advertise for
 CHARLESTON BLVD. TO	bids to be opened May 20, 1959, for paving of Highland Drive from Charleston Boulevard to

 WASHINGTON AVENUE	Washington Avenue; paving to be 1½" thick and 30' wide at an estimated cost of $15,100.00 be

approved.

Approved to go to Bid

May 20, 1959	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAVING CURB & GUTTER	The Commission considered the request of the Public Works Department to advertise for bids to be

 CONSTRUCTION, SIDEWALK	opened June 3, 1959, for the paving curb and gutter construction, sidewalk and street lights for

& STREET LIGHTS              St. Louis Avenue from 10th Street to Maryland Parkway in the total estimated cost of $10,300.00.

 St. Louis Ave. from 10th                Clark County School District is to participate in the approximate amount of $3,600.00 and the
to Maryland Parkway             Episcopal Church to participate in the approximate amount of $1,400.00.

Approved to go to Bid	Commissioner Sharp asked if the plans were completed and if this matter had been checked with the

June 3, 1959	School District. Director of Public Works Sauer stated that it had been checked with the School

District and that the plans were almost completed.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the request to advertise for bids to be opened June 3, 1959, for
the paving curb and gutter construction, sidewalk and street lights for St. Louis Avenue from 10th
Street to Maryland Parkway in the total estimated cost of $10,300.00 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

5-6-59