more stable, and the existing multi-family zones of a similar nature remain undeveloped
in this area giving evidence to the fact there is not a demand for this type of zoning.

Mr. Bills further stated that there were 72 protestants from the Hyde Park area.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be sustained
and the application of the Prescott Corporation for rezoning of a portion of the SW¼, NW¼
of Section 31; T20S, R61E from R-1 to R-3; denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

DECATUR HEIGHTS	The Commission considered the tentative map of Decatur Heights, Unit No. 1 as presented by the

Unit No. 1	Planning Director and recommended for approved, by the Planning Commission.

Tentative Map

Approved	Commissioner Fountain moved the tentative map of Decatur Heights, Unit No. 1 as presented,

be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS	Director of Public Works Sauer presented the final map of Charleston Heights No. 8, Units

No. 8—Unit 2	No. 2 and advised that this map has been checked and is recommended for approval.

Final Map	Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and the final map of Charleston

Heights No. 8, Unit No. 2 be approved, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

RANCHO VISTA	The Director of Public Works presented the final map of Rancho Vista Subdivision and advised

Final Map	the map and plans have been checked by his Department and meet all provisions of the 

subdivision ordinance with the following exception:

The subdivider has signed a commitment and posted a personal bond that he will
put in off-site improvements consisting of curb, gutter and half-street construction 
on Tonopah Drive at the time the property east of Rancho Vista is developed; 
and no committment has been made for sidewalk or street lighting on Tonopah Drive.

The Commission asked Mr. Sauer if there was any off-site improvement on Tonopah Drive at the
present time, and were advised that there was none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the final map of Rancho Vista be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

CRESTVIEW ESTATES	Consideration was given to the release of the improvement bond in the amount of $1100.00 posted

by Ideal Asphalt Paving Company for the completion of the seal and chips on the streets in the
Bond Release	Crestview Estates Subdivision. Director of Public Works Sauer reported that all work has

been completed, and recommended that this bond be released.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Massachusetts Bond & Insurance Company Bond No. 865871 in the
amount of $1100.00, filed by Ideal Asphalt Paving Company in connection with completion of
seal and chips in Crestview Estates Subdivision be released, as recommended.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

GLEN HEATHER NO. 2	The Commission next considered the release of the improvement bond filed by the Lusk 

Bond Release	Corporation on Glen Heather No. 2. Director of Public Works Sauer advised the Commission that all the

work in this subdivision has been completed, including the seal and chips on the streets, which
was the only deficiency when this subdivision was accepted on April 17, 1957.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Phoenix Insurance Company Bond No. PBP-19160 in the amount of
$88,000.00 filed in connection with the off-site improvements in Glen Heather No. 2 Subdivision 
be released, as recommended.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

USE PERMIT (U-43-56)	Director of Public Works Sauer advised the Commission that a request has been received from

Catholic Church	John Peter Lee, Esq. on behalf of Bishop Robert J. Dwyer for extension of time on the off-site 

Extension of Time on                 improvement agreement entered into in connection with Use Permit U-43-56. Mr. Sauer
Agreement	explained that the off-site agreement covers the installation of the paving, curbing, and

guttering on Alta and Campbell Drives, and the applicant is requesting an extension of time
of 12 months from the date of their request, namely Jun 27, 1958.

The Director of Public Works recommended this extension be granted.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a twelve month's extension from June 27, 1958 be granted to
the Catholic Church for the installation of off-site improvements in connection with their
Use Permit U-43-56.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

RESOLUTIONS ACCEPTING

DEEDS	Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Glenn S. and E. Gloria Carroll for an

additional 10 foot strip on the north side of East Charleston between Lawrence Love Tract and
East Charleston	Fremont Street, a 150 foot frontage.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried unanimously,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 16th day of July, 1958, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the Deed, dated the 16th day of June, 1958,
executed by Glenn S. Carroll and E. Gloria Carroll, husband and wife, to the City of Las