Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE (V-14-58)	The Commission	considered the	application of Robert O'Brien to construct and operate a maternity

Robert O'Brien	hospital on the north side of	West Charleston between Brush and Upland legally described as

Government Lot 55; Section 36, T20S, R61E, in an R-1 zone.

Continued

Commissioner Fountain stated that Dr. Fortnier had called him and stated he would be unable to
attend tonight's meeting and asked that this be continued to a later date.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Robert O'Brien to construct and operate a
maternity hospital on the north side of West Charleston between Brush and Upland Legally described
as Government Lot 55, Section 36, T2OS, R61E, in an R-1 zone be continued to the Regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners to be held October 15, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT (U-16-58)	The Commission	considered the	application of Mesquite Club for a use permit to erect a building

Mesquite Club	to be used for	a quasi-public	use, to wit:	the "Mesquite Club" located at 2100 Maryland Parkway

on the west side of Maryland Parkway south of St. Louis, legally described as a portion of the
Approved	NE¼, SE¼, SE¼, Sec. 3, T21S, R61E.

Approval recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment Subject to conformance to the plot plan
and the signing of an improvement agreement. The agreement has been signed.

Commissioner Fountain moved that application of Mesquite Club for a use permit to erect a
building to be used for a quasi-public use, to wit: the "Mesquite Club" located at 2100 Maryland
Parkway on the west side of Maryland Parkway south of St. Louis, legally described as a portion
of the NE¼, SE¼, SE¼, Sec. 3, T21S, R61E be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT (U-19-58)	The Commission considered the application of Jessie Bates for a use	permit to conduct	a

Jessie Bates	dressmaking shop as customary home occupation at 311 N. 6th Street,	legally described	as Lot 6,

Block 5; Buck's Subdivision in an R-4 zone.

Approved

Approval recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to the condition that the
permit be non-transferable and that the operation be checked annually by the License Department.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Jessie Bates for a use permit to conduct
a dressmaking shop as customary home occupation at 311 N. 6th Street, legally described as
Lot 6, Block 5; Buck's Subdivision in an R-4 zone be approved subject to the permit being non-transferable
 and that the operation be checked annually by the License Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SOUTHRIDGE #6	The Commission considered the Southridge #6 Tentative Map submitted	by Howard & Hassett and

Tentative Map	consisting of approximately four (4) acres generally located on the	North side of St.	Louis

between 10th and Maryland Parkway.

Approved

Planning Director Bills presented the tentative map and explained the conditions under
which approval was recommended by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the tentative map of Southridge #6 be approved subject to the
following conditions:

1.	All boundaries be extended to the centerline of adjacent streets.

2.	Redesign Block 1, including three parcels not part of the tentative subdivision as presented,
making a total of nine lots.

3.	Require all off-site improvements to be installed as recommended by the City Engineering
Department.

4.	Require that an adequate sewer be provided to serve the subdivision on St. Louis from
the City Sewer near the school to 10th Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PARKING CONTROL	On motion of Commissioner Whipple duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and unanimously carried

Sunrise Avenue	the following resolution is adopted and order made:

Adopted Resolution	R E S O L U T I O N 

WHEREAS, the Traffic and Parking Commission has recommended that no parking be
permitted during school days between 8:00 A.M. and 4:00 P.M. on the south side of Sunrise
Avenue beginning 200 feet east of 25th Street to 26th Streep and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners feels that said recommendation is in the public
interest and will contribute to the safety of school children attending the Sunrise Acres
School;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting
thereof held on the 1st day of October, 1958 that no parking be permitted during school
days between 8:00 A.M. and 4:00 P.M. on the south side of Sunrise Avenue beginning 200 feet
east of 25th Street to 26th Street.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the various departments of the City involved be, and
they hereby are, directed to carry out the provisions of this resolution.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 1st day of October, 1958.

BID NO. 58.22	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Engineering Department that award of

St. Louis Street	contract be made to George E. Miller Company for low bid in the amount of $5,815.00, for

Sewer	installation of the sewer line on the north side of St. Louis from Maryland Parkway west to

east line of City Property.

Award

10-1-58