zoning was inconsistent with good zoning practices, and in that way everyone
would he satisfied. He believed this was a problem for the Planning Commission.

Mr. Bills was of the opinion this might be logical, due to the fact that there
was little likelihood this property could be developed as anything except an
extension of these motel units.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Lewis J. and Katie Abrahams for a
variance to construct 9 motel units and a utility room at 1919 Sunrise Avenue,
between 18th and 19th Streets, be referred to the Planning Commission to consider
the rezoning of this property from R-3 to C-1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

REZONING Z-29-59	Commissioner Fountain moved the amended application of the Leroy Investment Company

and Leo Frey for the reclassification of property legally described as a portion
Leo Frey	of the S½, NE¼, SE¼, Section 28, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, generally described as only

(Leroy Investment	that property upon which the Moulin Rouge Hotel was presently located, from R-1

Co.)	to C-2 be approved and the City Attorney be instructed to prepare the necessary

ordinance amendment.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

NO PARKING ZONE	Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Mr. G. T. Reed, American Buslines, for

a No Parking Zone along the west side of the north-south alley located between
Alley between 1st	1st and 2nd Streets, from Fremont to Carson, be approved as recommended by the

& 2nd, Fremont to	Traffic and Parking Commission.

Carson

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Approved	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting

aye; noes, none.

NO PARKING ZONE	Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Mr. Ted Glenn for a No Parking Zone

along the north side of San Francisco Avenue, between Las Vegas Boulevard South
San Francisco	and Paradise Road, be approved as recommended by the Traffic and Parking Commission.

between L. V. Blvd. S.

& Paradise Road	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Approved	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting

aye; noes, none.

Mr. Bills advised that a request had been sent to the Clark County Commissioners
for a similar No Parking Zone along the south side of San Francisco, between
Las Vegas Boulevard South and Paradise Road.

NO PARKING ZONE	The Commission considered the recommendation by the Traffic and Parking Commission

for a No Parking Zone along the west curb line of Main Street, beginning at a

Main Street,	point 175' south of Stewart and extending south to a point 150' south of Carson.

between Stewart

and Carson	This proposal would make it possible to make a third south-bound traffic lane for

this portion of Main Street, which would allow the use of the inside lane strictly
Held in Abeyance	for left hand turning movements into Ogden, Fremont and Carson, and still leave two

lanes for through traffic. This proposal had been discussed in considerable
detail with representatives of the James Cashman Company, The Union Pacific Railroad 
Company, and the Greyhound Bus Lines. The Cashman Company and the Bus Lines
were in accord with the recommendation, provided arrangements could be made to
provide them additional access to their properties through property which is now
owned by the Railroad Company.

The Traffic and Parking Commission voted to recommend approval of this program
and also recommended that City funds be provided to construct the curb cuts and
paving, as shown on the plot plan submitted by the Traffic Engineer, with the
provision that the Railroad Company dedicate to the City such property as might
be needed for this construction.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be held in abeyance for further study and
investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

URBAN RENEWAL	Coordinator of Urban Renewal, Franklin Bills, advised the Commission that in order

for the City to remain eligible to receive Federal assistance in various phases
Workable Program	of the City's Urban Renewal Program, including redevelopment project loans and

Progress Report	grants and special F.H.A. insurance provisions, it would be necessary for the City

to have in effect a current certified Workable Program to combat slums and blight.
Approved	The present certification of the program was to expire January 1, 1960.

To justify a request for re-certification, it was necessary to submit a report to
the Housing and Home Finance Agency, listing progress made in each of the seven
elements of the program during the past year, and a statement of goals to be
sought during the coming year. This report had. been prepared by the various
department and division heads directly affected and put together by the Coordinator
of Urban Renewal and it was requested that the City Commission approve this report
so that it might be forwarded to the Federal Agency without delay. In reply to
Commissioner Whipple's question, Mr. Bills advised this would put the City under
no obligation whatsoever.

Commissioner Elwell moved the Workable Program Progress Report be approved and
forwarded to the Housing and Home Finance Agency, as requested by the Coordinator
of Urban Renewal.

12-2-59