Commissioner Fountain moved that this proposal be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Elder spoke to the Board stating that he felt this community has a definite need for this
facility and asked Commissioner Fountain what was wrong. Commissioner Fountain said if the City
should want to sell this property in question, it would be unable to do so if it was leased for
this purpose. Mr. Elder then asked if the City would be willing to sell this property and Commissioner 
Fountain stated that he	would not be against selling it but that he would be opposed

to leasing it. He suggested that	Mr. Elder prepare a plot plan and submit it to the Planning

Department for rezoning.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Additional time was requested for	the proposed Building Code Ordinance Amendment which was 

Building Code	Amendment       introduced and read by title at the	regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held

February	18,	1959, and referred	to Commissioners Fountain and	Sharp,	committee	for	 

Continued	recommendation.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioner	Whipple moved that	the proposed Child Welfare Ordinance	Amendment	be	removed	from

Child Welfare Amendment       the agenda. This amendment was introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the Board

of City Commissioners held March 4, 1959, at which time it was referred to Commissioners
Removed from Agenda         Fountain	and	Whipple, committee	for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ORDINANCE NO. 793	An Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO. 378, REFERRED TO AS

Rezoning Ordinance	SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, BY AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP

(Z-3-59)	ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONING DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS OF THE

SAID MAP, having been reported on favorably, was read in full to the Board.

Adopted

Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 793 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Fountain,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Additional time was requested for the proposed Insurance Agents License Fees Ordinance Amendment

Insurance Agents	which was introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners

License Fees	held April 15, 1959, and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, Committee for 

recommendation.

Continued

GENERAL FUND BALANCE          City Manager Kennedy reported that the General Fund Balance as of April 10, 1959, was $1,066,893.57;

paid out of Cash Assessment District, $7,135.56; and a refund on investigation fee of $225.00.

DR. LYON OPTION	City Manager Kennedy reported that Dr. Lyon has signed a new option agreement for a small 

AGREEMENT	parcel (5 acres) of City Property located in the vicinity of 28th Street and East Charleston

Boulevard and there was a question as to how much more money the City wants in addition to the
City Property at	$500.00 he had on a previous option for a larger piece of property in the same vicinity, or

28th St. & East	will this $500.00 be sufficient.

Charleston

Commissioner Sharp was of the opinion that the $500.00 paid for the first option belonged to
Approved	the City inasmuch as Dr. Lyon had not exercised the option. City Attorney Copy advised that

this is a different option and he was of the opinion that Dr. Lyon has received the benefit of
the $500.00 he first paid to the City.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the option be approved and Mayor authorized to sign same 
provided Dr. Lyon agrees to a consideration of another $500.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Fountain,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WORK ORDER	City Manager Kennedy presented a Work Order in the amount of $2,434.85 for paving Foremaster Lane

Paving Foremaster Lane	and a culvert pipe. This is to be for the paving of both sides of the street down past American

and Culvert Pipe	Linen where one side has been paved to keep the street from becoming deteriorated.

Approved	Commissioner Fountain moved that Work Order in the amount of $2,434.85 for paving Foremaster Lane

and a culvert pipe be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Fountain,

Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WORK ORDER	City Manager Kennedy presented a Work Order in the amount of $2,300.00 to cover the Street 

Helldorado Overtime                  Department and Garage Department labor and material and overtime during Helldorado.

Approved	Commissioner Fountain moved that the Work Order in the amount of $2,300.00 to cover the Street

Department and Garage Department labor, material, and overtime during Helldorado be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WORK ORDER	Commissioner Fountain moved that the Work Order in the amount of $2,750.00 for drainage 

Drainage Corrections	corrections to rebuild intersection at Lewis and Earl and to install inlets at 15th and Clark be

approved.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WORK ORDER	Commissioner Fountain moved that Work Order in the amount of $3,465.00 for Road and Parking Lot

Hadland Park Road and               improvements at Hadland Park be approved.

Parking Lot Improvements

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Approved	Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

5-6-59