BENCH ADVERTISING	The Commission considered the request of the Hoyt Bench Advertising Company

CONTRACT	for extension of the Bench Advertising contract beyond the expirate date of

Extension	February 1, 1959.

Mr. Hoyt Sibley appeared before the Commission and stated that the reason for
this request is that he cannot obtain financing for his planned expansion unless

he has a longer term contract. He requested an extension of five years
with a five year option.

City Manager Kennedy reported that Mr. Sibley is meeting all requirements of
his contract, and is very cooperative with the City. He advised the Commission
that the City has control of the location of the benches and the type of
advertising that is to be on the benches.

Commissioner Fountain moved the contract with the Hoyt Bench Advertising 

Company for Bench Advertising be extended for three years from January 1, 1958,
and this company granted a three year option.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

At this time Planning Director Franklin Bills arrived at the meeting.

USE PERMIT - U-1-57 Consideration was given to the application of Joe Ingersoll, Wayne Zeiger,
Dental Suites, Inc.	Rheen Call and Elwin Cameron dba Dental Suites, Inc. for a use permit to

construct a four suite professional office building on the southeast comer
of 7th and Gass, legally described as Lots 1,2,3 and 4, Block 34, South
Addition.

Planning Director Bills advised that the application was originally ap-
proved by the Board of Adjustment on January 24, 1957; subject to the
signing of an improvement agreement to cover installation of off-site Im-
provements and subject to improvement precisely in conformity with the
plans submitted with the application. He stated that revised pains were
submitted to the Board of Adjustment on November 27; 1957 and approved.

Mr. Bills advised the Commission that the improvement agreement has been
signed.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the granting of this Use
Permit. None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application be approved subject to the 
posting of a bond, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
at a regular meeting held on the 4th day of December, 1957, having considered
the application of Joe Ingersoll, Wayne Zeiger, Rheen Call and Elwin Cameron
dba Dental. Suites, Inc. for a use permit to construct a four suite professional
office building on the southeast comer of 7th and Gass, legally described
as Lots 1,2,3; and 4, Block 34, South Addition; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
that this application be approved subject to the signing of an improvement
agreement for off-site improvements installation precisely in conformity
with plans submitted with application, and having been advised that revised
plans had been approved and the improvement agreement signed;

It is the decision of this Board that the application of Dental Suites, Inc.
for use permit to construct a professional office building on southeast 

corner of 7th and Gass be approved subject to the posting of a bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

USE PERMIT - U-17-57	The Commission considered the application of Jo Ann Pulliam Fike for a use

Jo Ann Pulliam Fike	permit to authorize the establishment and operation of a "Treatment Center"

	by the Nevada Society for Crippled Children, Inc., at 818 South 7th Street,

legally described as Lots 24 and 25, Block 31, South Addition.

Mr. Bills reported that this application was approved by the Board of 

Adjustment subject to the following conditions:

1.	The moving of a chain link fence at the rear of the property next
to the alley, to provide for off-street parking.

2.	The changing of the front and rear doors as required by the 

Building Department to meet Building Code requirements for this 

type of occupancy.

Mr. Bills advised that the agreement has been signed and the bond posted. He
stated that there had been one protest at the meeting, which had later been
withdrawn. Mr. Bills stated that he had received a telephone protest from Mr.
I.R. Crandall.

Mr. Crandall appeared before the Board at this time and requested that the 
matter be held in abeyance to allow him time to contact the neighbors and secure
complete information on the type of operation contemplated.

Mrs. Charles D. Brown, Clark County Chairman of the Nevada Society for Crippled
Children was present at this time and stated she would be glad to answer any
questions.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for use permit be approved and the
following resolution adopted:

12-4-57