NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of R.M.
Johnson for variance to permit construction of an addition to an existing 
commercial building be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE - (V-2-58)	Consideration was given to the application of Lloyd Howey for variance to allow the

Lloyd A. Howey	construction of five additional dwelling units at 2201 Fairfield Avenue (Lots 43

Approved	through 46, Block 3; Meadows Addition) in an R-4 zone.

Mr. Bills advised that Mr. Howey made plans to construct a total of twenty dwelling
units at this location prior to the recent change in density requirements in the
R-4 zone of the zoning ordinance. Under the provisions of the amended ordinance he
is limited to the construction of sixteen units on this property.

Mr. Bills stated that the Board of Zoning Adjustment approved the application after
amending it to permit a total of nineteen units, which will permit completion of
construction of the originally planned building and still maintain sufficient off-street 
parking. He advised that the improvement agreement has been signed and the
bond posted.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance be approved as amended and
recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a
regular meeting held on the 7th day of May, 1953 having considered the application
of Lloyd A. Howey for variance to allow the construction of five additional dwelling 
units at 2201 Fairfield Avenue (Lots 43 through 46, Block 3, Meadows Addition)
in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Zoning Adjustment
approving this application after amending it to permit a total of nineteen units
and being advised the improvement agreement has been signed and the bond posted;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Lloyd A.
Howey for variance to allow the construction of a total of nineteen units be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE - (V-3-58)	The Commission considered the application of J.K. Houssels, Jr. for variance to

J.K. Houssels, Jr.	build an addition to an existing single family residence to within 18 feet of the

Approved	back property line at 1810 South 7th Street (Lot 11, Block 1, Alta Vista Tract)

in an R-1 zone.

Planning Director Bills reported that the Board of Zoning Adjustment approved this
application, and advised that all off-site improvements are in so no improvement
agreement or bond is required.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this variance. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance be approved and the 
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held on the 7th day of May, 1958 having considered the 
application of J.K. Houssels, Jr. for variance to build an addition to an existing single
family residence to within 18 feet of the back property line at 1810 South 7th
Street (Lot 11, Block 1, Alta Vista Tract) in an R-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Zoning Adjustment
approving this application and advised that all off-site improvements are in so
no improvement agreement or bond is required;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of J.K.
Houssels, Jr. for variance to build an addition to an existing single family residence 
to within 18 feet of the back property line, be approved.

VARIANCE - (V-4-58)	The Board considered the application of Dr. Murray H. Phillipson for variance to

Dr. M.H. Phillipson	build an addition to an existing veterinary hospital at 1720 South Main Street,

Approved	in a C-2 zone.



Mr. Bills reported that this application was approved by the Board of Zoning 
Adjustment, subject to the installation of a concrete sidewalk, and that Dr.

Phillipson has signed the agreement and posted a cash bond for this improvement.

The Commission discussed the requirement for the construction of a concrete 
sidewalk to replace the asphalt sidewalk that is in existence at this location, and
decided that the asphalt sidewalk was sufficient at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for variance be approved without the
requirement for the installation of a concrete sidewalk, but the applicant notified 
that in the event concrete sidewalks are deemed necessary in this area he
will have to comply; further that the following resolution be adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held on the 7th day of May, 1958 having considered the 
application of Dr. Murray H. Phillipson for variance to build an addition to an 
existing veterinary hospital at 1720 South Main Street, in a C-2 zone; and

5-7-58