Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR & GAMING	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Karl and Leo Frey for a Tavern

LICENSES	License and license for four slot machines at the Moulin Rouge Hotel, 900 West

Bonanza, be approved on the basis of the favorable police report and the 
Moulin Rouge Hotel	Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 59.53	Commissioner Sharp moved final payment in the amount of $351.37 he made to Wells

Paving Bracken	Cargo, Inc., for work which had been completed under Contract #111H.68, Bid No.

Avenue; 6th to	59.53, for the paving of Bracken Avenue, between 6th and 7th Streets, and the

7th Streets	Traveler's Indemnity Company Performance and Payment Bonds be released.

Final Payment and	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Release of Bonds	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting

aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 59.10	Commissioner Fountain moved final payment in the amount of $1,160.60 be made to

Piping; Golf Course	the Longley Construction Company for work completed under Contract #661H.44,

Reservoir	Bid No. 59.10; for Piping at the Golf Course Reservoir, and the Great American

Insurance Performance and Payment Bonds be released.

Final Payment and

Release of Bonds	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

PAVING;	Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the Public Works Department to receive

WASHINGTON AVE.	informal bids to be opened on January 5, 1960, for the paving of Washington

BETWEEN TWIN	Avenue, between Twin Lakes Drive and Tonopah Highway; Engineer's estimate

LAKES DRIVE &	$3,500, be approved.

TONOPAH HIGHWAY

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Approved to Receive	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting

Informal Bids	aye; noes, none.

INTERCEPTOR SEWERS;	Director of Public Works Sauer presented a request to advertise for bids for

CEDAR AVE. &	Interceptor Sewers on Cedar Avenue and San Francisco Avenue, which had been

SAN FRANCISCO	designed by John Carollo, Consulting Engineer. He advised the plans called for

a 12" line on Cedar and included the removal of the present lift station and a
Approved to go to Bid	24" line on San Francisco, which possibly would not quite reach Rancho Road.

Mr. Sauer further stated the Government would pay for 30% of this installation
and Mr. Kennedy informed the Commission that funds had been set aside for this
work.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of the Public Works Department to advertise
for bids for construction of the following Interceptor Sewers be approved:

1.	Cedar Avenue - on Mojave Road and Pecos Street; estimated cost $15,000.

2.	San Francisco Avenue - between Las Vegas Boulevard South and Rancho Road;

estimated cost $65,000.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

SEWER LINE; BETWEEN	Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the Public Works Department to receive

ISABELLE AND SUNRISE	informal bids to be opened December 15, 1959, for the construction of a sewer

AVENUE	line between Isabelle and Sunrise Avenues, be approved.

Approved to Receive	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Informal Bids	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting

aye; noes, none.

TYPE II GRAVEL	Commissioner Whipple moved the request of the Public Works Department to receive

informal bids, to be opened December 15, 1959, for Type II Gravel for delivery
Approved to Receive	west of the Union Pacific Railroad, at an estimated cost of $12,000 for 10,000

Informal Bids	cubic yards, be approved.

Motion Seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

RANCHO VISTA	Director of Public Works presented a request from the subdivider for an extension

SUBDIVISION	of time for the completion of sidewalks under the Subdivision Agreement for the

Rancho Vista Subdivision. Mr. Sauer advised the curbs and gutters and all other
Extension of Time	 improvements have been installed; however, due to the development of the site on

a custom type of house, locations of driveways could not be determined. It was
Approved	  expected that all construction could be completed by June 1, 1960, and approval

was recommended by the Engineering Department, subject to the extension of the bond.

Commissioner Fountain moved an extension of time to June 1, 1960 be granted for
the completion of the sidewalks under the Subdivision Agreement for the Rancho
Vista Subdivision, subject to the extension of the bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

12-2-59