Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS	The Commission considered the acceptance of final plat for Charleston Heights, Tract No.

Tract No. 6A	6A. The Engineering Department reports this final plat has been checked and the bond has

Acceptance of Final	been submitted in the total amount of $67,444.85. All the street designs and utility 

Plat	installations have been checked. This was approved by the Planning Commission on July 22,

1958. It is recommended by the Engineering Department that the final plat be accepted.

Approved

Commissioner Bunker moved that the final plat for Charleston Heights, Tract No. 6A be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LAS VERDES HEIGHTS	The Commission considered the acceptance of the final plat for Las Verdes Heights, Tract

Tract No. 2	No. 2. The Engineering Department reports the final plat has been checked and the bond has

Acceptance of Final	been submitted in the amount of $178,947.45. All the street designs and utility design 

Plat	installations have been checked. It is recommended by the Engineering Department that the

final plat be accepted.

Approved

Commissioner Whipple moved that the final plat for Las Verdes Heights Tract No. 2 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

EAST & WEST CHARLESTON       The Commission considered the release of bond on the construction of the East and West

FIRE STATIONS	Charleston Fire Stations. It is recommended by the Engineering Department that the Royal

Indemnity Company Bond No. 531054 in the amount of $112,480.00 be released.

Release of Bond

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Royal Indemnity Company Bond No. 531054 in the amount
Approved	of $112,480.00 on the construction of the East and West Charleston Fire Stations, be

released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

STEAM ENGINE DISPLAY	Director of Public Works Sauer presented the report of the Engineering Department on the

Chamber of Commerce	request of Henry Bridgman, Chairman of the Chamber of Commerce Museum Committee, for 

permission to locate the steam engine for display purposes at the proposed location of the 
Referred to	southwest comer of Fifth Street and Bonanza.

City Manager

It was the opinion of the Commission after seeing the sketches that this location would not
be appropriate and considered the possibility of locating this Engine in Lions Park. 
Commissioner Whipple suggested that the Lions Club Park location be tentatively approved.

City Manager Kennedy was asked to contact the Lions Club and see what can be worked out
at this location and then get in touch with Mr. Bridgman and see what his opinion is on
this suggestion.

-0O0-

At the hour of 8:15 P.M. the meeting was recessed and reconvened at the hour of 8:30 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

-0O0-

PARADISE PALMS PLOT PLAN      Mr. Sauer, Director of Public Works presented the Plot Plan which Mr. Petersen had 
St. Louis Ave. between               submitted. He explained that by allowing sidewalks all around, adjacent to the building, the
Santa Paula Drive and	cars would be backed	out into parking lane but not into traffic lanes; however, he	stated

Weldon Place	this would not be in	accordance with existing ordinance.

Referred to Parking &	Mr. Petersen entered	the discussion and stated he believed to follow the ordinance	would

Traffic Commission	create more of a hazard than his proposed plan. He said it could be changed around to

make it legal but it wouldn't be as desirable. Commissioner Sharp stated there is a definite
traffic hazard, especially on St. Louis Avenue, and Mr. Petersen asked if it would meet the
Board's approval if curb cuts were used on St. Louis. Commissioner Sharp replied this would
still be in violation of the ordinance.

The point was brought up in regard to the planned widening of St. Louis Avenue and Mr. Sauer
said this was taken into consideration in these plans. Commissioner Bunker stated he thought
something could be worked out and that perhaps the Board wants to amend the ordinance. Mr.

Sauer stated that because of the continual curb cut, it is not in compliance with the ordinance.
Mayor Baker said he would rather have the cars parked off the street than on the street
and that there was also a traffic problem if there was a curb. Commissioner Bunker said he
was certainly in favor of the project if the parking problem could be worked out.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be referred to the Traffic and Parking Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

QUITCLAIM DEED	The Commission considered acceptance of the Quitclaim Deed to the City of Las Vegas by Don

Atkin, Martin, Peccole	and Mae Atkin, C. L. and Ollie M. Martin, William and Wanda Peccole and Peter Piccoli for a

and Piccoli	30' strip of property on Burnham Avenue, Wg- of the right-of-way from East Charleston Boulevard

southerly for approximately $$0', more or less. An offsite improvement agreement for 
Resolution of Acceptance               installation of the curb, gutters and paving has been signed by the grantors.

Adopted

Commissioner Whipple moved the following Resolution of Acceptance be adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 3rd day of December, 19$S, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 4th day

of November, 1958, executed by Don D. Atkin and Mae Atkin; C. L. Martin and Ollie Mae Martin;

12-3-58