Commissioner Fountain moved the formula heretofore outlined by the City
Manager he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

NUISANCE ABATEMENT	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission a petition had been received and

PETITION	would be filed in the City Clerk's Office, requesting the abatement of nuisances

at the Juleart Trailer Park at Owens and "H" Streets, and at the property located
Berkley Square	at 1628 "G" Street. This petition, filed by the Berkley Square Housing Association,

Housing Assoc.	complained of debris and unsanitary conditions at these locations.

Report	Mr. Kennedy stated a representative of the Planning Department had inspected

these properties and some effort was being made to improve the conditions of
these properties by the owner and lessee. He stated further that a check will
be kept on the progress to eliminate these conditions.

CASH PAYOUT	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that at the last meeting of the Board

PINBALL MACHINE	of City Commissioners, held November 18, 1959, he had been requested to look into

the matter of cash payout pinball machines at the Showboat Lanes and the Las Vegas

Showboat Lanes	Bowl, and that he and Mr. Dutton had looked over the situation at these two places,

& Las Vegas Bowl	      as had a representative of the Police Department, with the conclusion that the

clerk at the Showboat Lanes had other duties to attend to and would not be in a
Report	position to continually watch any cash pinball machines that might be placed there.

As to the Las Vegas Bowl, there was presently a cash pinball machine out in the
open and one had been requested for the Billiard Room, in which anyone under the
age of 21 years would not be allowed, and Mr. Kennedy suggested, as long as a
cash pinball machine had been requested for the Billiard Room, the one presently
located out in the open should be moved in there. He further stated the owner
had been notified this present machine would have to be removed by the end of
the Federal Tax period, which would be June 30, 1960.

Commissioner Fountain asked how many pinball machines were presently located at
Las Vegas Bowl and Mr. Kennedy advised there were 5 or 6 but only one of them was
a cash payout pinball machine.

MUNICIPAL COURT	City Manager Kennedy presented a letter from Municipal Judge Richards, requesting

CLERK	an increase in the salary of the Court Clerk.

Salary Increase	Mr. Kennedy recommended that this request be held for further study and the

Held in Abeyance	Commissioners agreed with his recommendation.

SOUTHERN NEVADA	Commissioner Whipple stated they had been considering the amount of money the City

MEMORIAL HOSPITAL	had been paying the Southern Nevada Memorial Hospital per month for cases sent

FEE	there by the Police Department and that from the figures given to them it had

proved to him that the City should increase the present rate of $200, and moved
Police Dept. Cases	that it be increased to $600 per month, effective January 1, 1960.

Increased

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp, who stated he believed $600 still was not
an equitable amount; however, it was necessary to work under the present budget,
and he had requested the Hospital Board to give them a list of charges each
month, so this information could be considered when the next budget was formulated.

Motion carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp,

Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Fountain
requested the Chief of Police to keep these hospital cases from the City Jail
at a minimum.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Additional time was requested for the proposed Child Welfare Ordinance which

was introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the Board of City
Child Welfare Ord.	Commissioners held July 1, 1959, and referred to Commissioners Fountain and

Continued	Elwell, committee for recommendation.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Additional time was requested for the proposed Liquor Control Ordinance, which

was introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the Board of City
Liquor Control Ord.	Commissioners held September 16, 1959, and referred to Commissioners Sharp and

Continued	Whipple, committee for recommendation.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Additional time was requested for the proposed Animal and Fowl Ordinance

Animal & Fowl Ord.	Amendment, which was introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the

Amendment	Board of City Commissioners held November 18, 1959, and referred to Commissioners

Continued	Fountain and Sharp, committee for recommendation.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Additional time was requested for the proposed Plumbing Code Ordinance, which

was introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the Board of City
Plumbing Code	Commissioners held November 18, 1959, and referred to Commissioners Fountain

Continued	and Sharp, committee for recommendation.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO. 378,

REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, BY
Rezoning Z-28, Z-34,	AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING

Z-36-59	THE ZONING DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS OF THE SAID MAP, was read by title and

Referred to Committee	referred to Commissioners Elwell and Whipple, committee for recommendation.

12-2-59