37

The Commission were not in accord with the recommendation that two-hour parking
meters be installed.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be held in abeyance for further
study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ALLEY PARKING	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking 

RESTRICTION	Commission that "No Parking" signs be posted on the south side of an alley running

15th to 17th	between South 15th and South 17th Streets, immediately south of Fremont.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this recommendation. None
were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved this recommendation be approved and "No Parking" signs
be posted on the south side of the alley running between South 15th and South
17th, immediately south of Fremont Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ONE-HOUR PARKING	Consideration was given to the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking 

South 5th	Commission that a one-hour parking time limit be approved for both sides of South

	5th Street between Clark and Garces Avenues.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that petitions have been 
received for this limited time parking from a large majority of abutting property
owners and commercial operators.

Commissioner Whipple moved this recommendation be approved and that one-hour
parking be installed on South 5th Street between Clark and Garces Avenues.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

STREET RIGHT OF WAY	Works Engineer Uehling presented an application to the Bureau of Land 

Atlantic, St. Louis,	Management for withdrawal of street right of way for Atlantic Boulevard, San Francisco

San Francisco & McLeod 	Avenue, St. Louis Avenue and McLeod Street.



Commissioner Fountain moved this application be approved and the Mayor author-
ized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

JUDY RICH TRACT #2	Field Engineer Kenneth Hansen presented the request for extension of 6 months

Extension of Time	of Judy Rich Tract #2 for the completion of off-site improvements. Mr. Hansen

advised the Board that this is the second request for extension, and that in
the last six months they have made considerable progress. He recommended that
this request be granted subject to the receipt of a letter from the bonding
company indicating that the bond will cover this extension of time.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request for extension of 6 months for the com-
pletion of off-site improvements in Judy Rich Tract #2 be approved, subject to
receipt of a letter from the bonding company indicating the bond will cover this
extension of time, and approval of this letter by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LAS VERDES HEIGHTS	Field Engineer Hansen presented the request for extension of 6 months for the

UNIT #1	completion of off-site improvements in Las Verdes Heights Unit #1. Mr. Hansen

Extension of Time	advised the Commission that this work is approximately 80% complete, and 

recommended approval of this request subject to a letter from the bonding company
that the bond will cover the extension time.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request for extension of 6 months for the 
completion of off-site improvements in Las Verdes Heights Unit #1 be approved,
subject to receipt of a letter from the bonding company indicating the bond
will cover this extension of time, and approval of this letter by the City
Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING 	Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from the Southern Nevada Power
R/W DEED	Company for an additional 20 feet for San Francisco Avenue.

San Francisco Avenue

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Reed
Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 22 day of January, 1958, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 8 day of January, 1958, executed by The Southern Nevada Power Company to
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of street; and

1-22-58