His Honor Mayor Gragson stated, that since the rezoning had been granted and the
vacation of these streets was not going to further affect their properties in
any way, he felt that the City Commission should approve the vacation, as
recommended by the Planning Department and the Planning Commission. Commissioner
Whipple stated he felt there had been a misunderstanding by these property
owners in regard to the rezoning; however, the vacation was the matter presently
before them, and he asked if they were protesting the vacation of these streets,
inasmuch as the rezoning had been accomplished.

Mrs. Grigor said she understood the vacation of the streets, but did not know how
it would affect the value of their properties and living conditions, and she
further mentioned the debris they had had to clean up in the past few weeks.

Mr. Peccole advised her that they had set up a parking agreement in leases to
their tenants whereby the landlord would be responsible for the lighting, 
landscaping and marking of the parking stalls, as well as for the cleaning of the
parking areas. Mrs. Grigor stated she was referring to the debris they had
picked up so far. Mr. Peccole said he would speak to the contractors, in an
effort to curtail this as much as possible, and he felt confident when the
buildings were completed they would find this to be a very orderly project.
Commissioner Fountain was of the opinion that the C-1 zoning would put these
property owners in a much better financial position.

Planning Director Bills stated everyone on the Planning Commission and in the
Planning Department had been aware of these four properties from the start of this
shopping center and, if this discussion had come up at their previous hearing,
these problems would have been given very careful consideration. He believed Mrs.
Grigor had something mixed up somewhere as no notices of a public hearing on
October 12, 1959, were sent out. He added there were 75 to 100 notices sent out
for the hearing on November 12, 1959, and that they had never been required to
send them out by Registered Mail; furthermore, out of this number sent there were
only four returned, none of which were the ones sent to these property owners.

Commissioner Fountain moved Vacation VAC-5-59 be approved, subject to the six
conditions as recommended by the Planning Commission, and the following Order of
Vacation be adopted and copy of order filed with the County Recorder of Clark
County:

ORDER OF VACATION

A Petition, dated the 4th day of September, 1959, signed by the officers
of Charleston Plaza, Inc., having been filed with the Clerk of this Board,
petitioning for the vacation of a portion of Charleston Village Tract #1,
hereinafter described, and said petition having been by order of this Board
referred to the City Planning Commission having filed its report, dated October
8, 1959, and with this Board approving and recommending such vacation;

And this Board, by an order made at its regular meeting held on the 23
day of October, 1959, set the 2nd day of December, 1959, at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, 400 Stewart Street, in the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and place for a public hearing on
said petition and recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk to cause the
aforesaid property proposed to be vacated to be posted with a notice setting
forth the time and place of the public hearing and the extent of the proposed
vacation:

And it appearing from the affidavit of Fred H. Callihan filed with the
Clerk of this Board, that the notice provided for in said order, a copy of which
notice is attached to said affidavit, was posted on the 30th day of October, 1959,
in the manner prescribed by said order:

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said petition for vacation
and the recommendation of the City Planning Commission, thereof, and this Board
having heard evidence in support and against said petition and recommendation:

And it appearing to the satisfaction of the Board that the portion of said
Charleston Village Tract #1 proposed to be vacated is no longer required for the
public use and convenience, and that said vacation will enure to the benefit of
the City of Las Vegas, and that neither the public nor any person will be
materially injured thereby:

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described tract or parcel of land
lying and being situate in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and being a portion of the North-west One-quarter (NW¼) of the North-east One-
Quarter (NE¼ of Section 2, Township 21 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B. & M., being
a portion of Tract #1, Charleston Village, as shown by map thereof in Book 3 of
Plats, Page 90; in the office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada, and
being more particularly described as follows, to wit:

All the Lots, Blocks, the unnumbered Lots and Blocks, Streets and Utility
Easements as shown by map of Tract #1, Charleston Village in Book 3 of
Plats, Page 90; in the office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada,
SAVE AND EXCEPT AND TO BE EXCLUDED THEREFROM

the following described parcels, to wit:

Parcel 1. The northerly 9.02 feet of Lot 7; Block
4, as shown on said Plat, for utility purposes.

Parcel 2. All of Lots 9, 10, 11, and 12, Block 7 of
said subdivision.

Parcel 3. The northerly 5 feet of Lots 5, 6, 7, and
8, Block 7, as shown on said Plat, marked "Public
Utility Easement."

Parcel 4. The southerly 5 feet of Lots 1, 2, 3, 4,
and 5, Block 8, designated as "Public Utility Easements

12-2-59