Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

PRISONER RELEASE	The Commission considered the request for authorization for the Mayor to sign the necessary

Frederick Allen Redican	papers releasing Frederick Allen Redican, M-28742, from City Jail based on recommendation

of Dr. James H. Swartzfager, Jr., because of active tuberculosis.

Authorized

Commissioner Fountain moved that authorization be given for the Mayor to sign the necessary
papers releasing Frederick Allen Redican, M-28742, from City Jail based on recommendation
of Dr. James H. Swartzfager, Jr., because of active tuberculosis.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

VARIETY INTERNATIONAL	The Commission considered the request of the Variety International that Fremont Street be

CONVENTION	closed from Main to 2nd Street, but to allow through access on Main and 2nd Streets, from

the hour of 3:00 P.M. to 9:00 P.M. on March 31, 1959; for "Downtown Night" in connection
"Downtown Night"	with the Variety International Convention to be held here. Approval was recommended 

subject to clearance of arrangements with the Police and Fire Departments. Commissioner Sharp moved

				    that the request of the Variety Internatural be granted subject to clearance of arrangements with the Police 

and Fire Departments.  

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

NOTICE OF CLAIM	The Commission considered the claim of Joseph	D. Guffey,	Sr.,	for damage by fire to his

Joseph D. Guffey, Sr.	residence at 1260 South 8th Street on December 30, 1958,	due	to negligence of the Las

                                                     Vegas City Fire Department. Claim is in the amount of $4,640.41.

Held in Abeyance

Commissioner Sharp moved that the claim of Joseph D. Guffey, Sr., be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

NOTICE OF CLAIM	The Commission considered the claim of Philip	Rothenberg	for	personal injury to his wife,

Philip Rothenberg	Mrs. Mildred Rothenberg, when she tripped over	a railroad	tie	in the City Parking Lot 

                                              adjacent to the Greyhound Bus Depot. This accident occurred on February 17, 1959, and Mrs.
Denied	Rothenberg incurred a compound fracture of her right elbow. It is recommended that this

claim be denied.

                 Commissioner Sharp moved that the claim of Philip Rothenberg for personal injury to his
	wife, Mrs. Mildred Rothenberg, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

HOUSING AUTHORITY	The Commission considered the adoption of a resolution approving application of the Housing

RESOLUTION	Authority for a preliminary loan in an amount not to exceed $20,000 for surveys and planning

                                                in connection with low-rent housing projects of not to exceed approximately 100 dwelling
Adopted	units. Adoption requested by Mr. Gerson of the Housing Authority.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted 

and order made:

RESOLUTION

RESOLUTION APPROVING APPLICATION FOR
PRELIMINARY LOAN FOR LOW-RENT PUBLIC
HOUSING

                                                  WHEREAS, it is the policy of this locality to eliminate substandard and other
                                                  inadequate housing, to prevent the spread of slums and blight, and to realize as soon
	as feasible the goal of a decent home in a suitable living environment for all of its

citizens; and

WHEREAS, under the provisions of the United States Housing Act of 1937, as
amended, the Public Housing Administration is authorized to provide financial assistance
to local public housing agencies for undertaking and carrying out preliminary planning
of low-rent housing projects that will assist in meeting this goal; and

WHEREAS, the Act provides that there shall be local determination of need for
low-rent housing to meet needs not being adequately met by private interprise and that
the Public Housing Administration shall not make any contract with a public housing
agency for preliminary loans for. surveys and planning in respect to any low-rent housing
projects unless the governing body of the locality involved has by resolution approved
the application of the public housing agency for such preliminary loan; and

WHEREAS, the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada (herein called
the "Local Authority") is a public housing agency and is applying to the Public Housing
Administration for a preliminary loan to cover the costs of surveys and planning in 
connection with the development of low-rent housing;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas as follows:

1.	There exists in the City of Las Vegas need for such low-rent housing
at rents within the means of low-income families;

2.	The application of the Local Authority to the Public Housing Administration 
                                                              for a preliminary loan in an amount not to exceed $20,000 for 

surveys and planning in connection with low-rent housing projects of

not to exceed approximately 100 dwelling units is hereby approved.

3-4-59