358

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	The City Clerk read a resolution acknowledging filing of assessment roll for Assessment

100-43	District 100-43, Street Lighting on Main Street from Bonanza to Owens (filed March 30, 1959)

Street Lighting; Main	and directing publishing and mailing of notice of hearing on the roll which is set for 8:00

Street, Bonanza to	P.M., May 6, 1959.

Owens

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution be adopted and order made:

Resolution Acknowledging

Filing of Assessment Roll	R E S O L U T I O N

Adopted	WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken steps to

create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency Ordinance No. 788,
passed, adopted and approved the 18th day of March, 1959; and

WHEREAS, Section 5 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 788, directs the County
Assessor of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, to make an Assessment Roll in accordance with the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the said Ex-Officio City Assessor did prepare such Assessment Roll in
accordance with said ordinance and on the 30th day of March, 1959, filed said Assessment
Roll with the Acting City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, all as directed in Section 6
of said Emergency Ordinance No. 788; and

WHEREAS, said Roll was numbered by the Acting City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
as directed by Section 7 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 788; and

WHEREAS, said Roll was numbered by the Acting City Clerk of the City of -Las Vegas
as directed by Section 7 of said Emergency Ordinance-No. 788; and

WHEREAS, on the 11th day of February, 1959, the Acting City Clerk did mail a copy
of the Notice of Special Assessment and Hearing Thereon to the last known addresses of each
last known owner of land within the District, whose property will be assessed for the cost
of the improvements, such addresses and owners being those appearing on the local property
assessment rolls for general (ad valorem) taxes of the County of Clark; and

WHEREAS, the time has arrived to ratify and confirm the action of the Acting City
Clerk in mailing the Notice of Special Assessment and to direct additional publication of
the notice as required by Section 67 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas and Section 9
of said Ordinance No. 788.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 1st day of April, 1959; that the action of
the Acting City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners in mailing a copy of the Notice
of Special Assessment and Hearing Thereon, by United States Mail, postage prepaid, first
class mail, to the last known addresses of each of the last known owner of land within the
district whose property will be assessed for the cost of the improvement, such addresses and
owners being those appearing on the local property assessment roll for general (ad valorem)
taxes of the County of Clark, be and the same hereby is ratified and confirmed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Acting City Clerk and Clark of the Board of
Commissioners be and he is hereby directed to publish notice of the time and place when
and where the Board and the County Assessor and Ex-Officio City Assessor, will meet to
consider objections to said Assessment Roll and to review said assessments by publication
once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the said Notice of Special Assessment shall be in
substantially the same form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 1st day of April, 1959.

/s/ C. D. BAKER___________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ R. F. BOOS______________________

Acting City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS	Commissioner Sharp moved that the following list of appointment of election precinct workers

1959	for the coming Municipal Elections be approved:

Appointment of Election

Workers	PRECINCT	NAME

1	Lena A. Williams	Insp.

Approved	Grace R. Oliver	Clerk

Ruth Lang	Clerk

2	E. M. Shanks	Insp.

Edna D. Smith	Clerk

Neving Bachman	Clerk

3	Sarah I. Hall	Insp.

lone Flickinger	Clerk

Virginia Shelley	Clerk

4	Isabella Botts	Insp.

Callie L. Paulus	Clerk

Girven V. Lunn	Clerk

4-1-59