Commissioner Fountain moved the lease between the Las Vegas Post No. 8, American
Legion of the parking lot area adjacent to their clubhouse, being a portion of
the SE¼ of Section 27, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, be approved for a period of one (1)
year, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

CONFERENCE ATTENDANCE	City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Municipal Judge Walter Richards for

Municipal Judge	permission to attend the Regional Traffic Court Conference in Denver, Colorado

Richards	July 7th through July 11th, 1958.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Municipal Judge Walter Richards be granted 
permission to attend the Regional Court Traffic Conference in Denver, Colorado July 7th
through July 11, 1958, with expenses to be paid by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

ACTING MUNICIPAL JUDGE 	Mr. Kennedy stated that Judge Richards has further requested that David Zenoff be
Appointment Made	appointed as Acting Municipal Judge while he is attending the Traffic Court 

Conference in Denver, Colorado.

Commissioner Bunker moved that David Zenoff be appointed Acting Municipal Judge
during the absence of Judge Walter Richards.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

GOLF BOARD -	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the term of H.B. Trent as a 

Reappointment of Member 	member of the Golf Board will expire on June 30, 1958.

Commissioner Fountain moved that H.B. Trent be reappointed as a member of the Golf
Board for a period of five years, said term to expire on June 30, 1963.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

DONATION OF EXPENSES 	The City Manager presented the request for a donation of $100.00 to help defray
Youth Safety Run	the expenses of three local high school students and Officer William Foster of

the Police Department to attend the Fifth Annual Richfield Youth Safety Run 
commencing June 20th, 1958 in Pomona, California, to Yosemite National Park and 
return. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that Community Chevrolet has donated at
1958 Chevrolet, the Junior Chamber of Commerce had donated $100.00 towards 
expenses and the Las Vegas Sun has donated $120.00 to cover registration free and
the painting of this vehicle.

Commissioner Fountain moved that $100.00 be donated toward the expenses of those
attending the Fifth Annual. Richfield Youth Safety Run in Pomona, California on
June 20, 1958, and the Treasurer and Comptroller authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

HOUSE MOVING	Supervisor of Building and Safety Art Trelease requested approval of the 

Harold Stocker 	     application of Harold Stocker to move a house from the 100 block of South 13th Street to

15th and Oakey. Mr. Trelease recommended that this application be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Harold Stocker from 110 South 13th
to the vicinity of the northeast comer of 15th Street and Oakey Boulevard be 
approved, subject to compliance with the Building Code.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent!
Commissioner Whipple.

PACKAGE LIQUOR LICENSE 	The City Manager advised the Commission that there are two applications on file
APPLICATIONS	for Limited Package Liquor license. He stated that one application is by Mr.

Orlin Loveland for a license at Loveland's Market at 2421 E. Bonanza and the other
has been filed by Elijah Pullens and Ted Lawson for a license at the Westside
Grocery, 322 Madison. Mr. Kennedy further stated that he would like to have an
opportunity to check the availability of licenses with the License Department 
before these applications are presented to the Commission for action.

Mayor Baker stated that since he will not be here for the next regular meeting on
July 2, 1958 he would like the record to show that he has no objection to the 
action of the rest of the Board if they see fit to act on these applications.

GENERAL FUND BALANCE 	City Manager Kennedy reported that the General Fund Balance after payment of the

Service and Material Warrants and the Payroll Warrants is $632,158.44. He stated
that the Gross Payroll is $101,597.12; and included in the Service and Material
Warrants there is $772.49 from the Bond Fund.

LIQUOR & GAMING	Mayor Baker stated that during his absence if a special meeting is held relative

LICENSE	to the transfer of the liquor and gaming license of the California Club, he wishes

California Club	the record to show that if he were here he would vote for the approval of the

license to James Phillip Long.

6-18-58