Commissioner Bunker moved that all bids received for Bid No. 58.05 for the 
construction of a storm drain on Washington Street, north of 5th Street, State II,
be rejected, and the recommendation of the City Manager to negotiate a contract
or do the work with City forces by "force account" accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HUNTRIDGE FIRE STATION 	Mr. William Morse, representing Dr. Ross Sutherland in his proposal to purchase the
	Huntridge Fire Station site from the City, was present at this time. He advised

the Commission that a letter from Mr. Harley Harmon of the Clark County Board of
Commissioners has been received indicating that the County has no objection to
Dr. Sutherland's proposal to the City. Mr. Morse further state that Dr. Sutherland
has agree d to allow the County to occupy this building for sixteen months if his
proposed lease-purchase of the property is approved by the City Commission.

Mr. Morse stated that he has prepared a standard form lease-agreement and submitted 
the same to the City Attorney's office for review. He summarized the contents
of this proposed agreement as follows:

Dr. Sutherland's proposal is a lease-purchase contract with standard provisions, 
including defaults, at a rental of $600.00 per month for a term not to exceed five
years, and with an option to renew for an additional five years. There is also
the option to purchase, exercisable only during the fifth year, at a total purchase
price of $65,000.00 with the rental payments to apply on the purchase price. Mr.
Morse stated that in this event, the balance is to be payable within two years
after the exercise of the option to purchase, at 6% interest on the unpaid balance.

He further stated that this offer is made with the understanding that the construc-
tion and operation of a hospital is permitted within the area.

The Commission then asked when Dr. Sutherland proposed to have this lease effective.

Mr. Morse stated that it would depend on such things as approval of the proposed 
construction plans by the State Board of Health, and proper zoning of the area. Mr.
Morse indicated that Dr. Sutherland would like to have the lease effective July 1,
1958, and if so, the new construction will be built around the existing building.

In this manner, the Election Division of the County Clerk could remain in the Fire
Station for a number of months.

The Commission continued this matter until later in this meeting.

VARIANCE - V-5-58	Mayor Baker stated that Dr. LaCanna has requested that action on his application for

Dr. Ralph LaCanna	variance bo construct a combination commercial and hotel upstairs roams at 302 Lewis

	Street, be continued until the next regular meeting. His Honor asked if there

were any objections to this request. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Dr. Ralph LaCanna for variance be 
continued until June 4, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING - Z-3-5S	Consideration was given to the application of B.P.O. Elks for the rezoning of the

B.P.O. Elks	property generally located at the Southeast comer of 5th and Washington from R-1

to C-1, described as follows:

A portion of the SE¼ of Section 27, T20S, R61E, and the SW¼ of Section 26, T20S, R61E,
all lying east of North 5th Street, and more particularly described as follows:

Beginning at a concrete monument set at the northeast comer of the SE¼ of that
Section 27, for a distance of 700 feet along 5th Street in a southwesterly direction,
 and a depth of 600 feet along the end of this line and Washington Street.

Assistant Planning Director Saylor advised the Commission that the Planning Commis-
sion recommended that this application be approved.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the B.P.O. Elks for the rezoning
of the property generally described as the southeast corner of 5th and Washington
from R-1 to C-1 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING - Z-2-58	The Commission considered the application of P.J. and R.F. Eagan for the rezoning

P.J. & R.F. Eagan	of Lots 9 through 12 of Block 3, Meadows Addition from R-4 to C-2.

Assistant Planning Director Saylor advised the Board that the Planning Commission
amended this application and approved the rezoning of said property from R-4 to C-1.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to the rezoning of this property.

None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and that Lots 9 through 12 of Block 3, Meadows Addition be rezoned from R-4 to C-1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, S harp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING - Z-46-56	Consideration was given to the recommendation of the Planning Commission that the

East Charleston	property facing East Charleston Boulevard between 15th and Fremont Street, presently 

Boulevard	zoned R-4 be rezoned to C-1.



5-21-58