location was selected by a group from a depositors insurance corporation from
Washington who were not concerned with the growth of our city and that they could
not care less if this was a traffic problem at this corner. She stated that she
must take exception to Mr. Ham's suggestion that this would not complicate traffic
and that it was her opinion that a drive-in bank would make it worse.

His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there were any other statements to be made
and Mr. Perry stated that he was not familiar with the proceedings of this Board but
that they had gotten along without this bank for many years and would like to get a
postponement so people in the neighborhood could know what is happening. He stated
that he was not at the first meeting of the Planning Commission as he did not under-
stand the meaning of the tract letter he received and that it meant very little to
him. He asked, if possible, to have a postponement of this rezoning.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple answered that he did not know of any great benefit to be 
derived from a postponement and that there had been considerable in the papers and
much discussion about it. Commissioner Fountain added that there had been one 
public hearing and this matter had been before the Planning Commission on two 
occasions.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of M. S. McCoy for the 
reclassification of property located at the northeast corner of West Charleston and Rancho
Road from R-E to C-1 be approved subject to the following conditions, and City
Attorney instructed to prepare the necessary ordinance amendment:

1.	That the property be used strictly for the proposed use of a drive-in
branch bank.

2.	That the building conform to all City Ordinances and building codes
including setbacks, landscaping, signs, traffic and parking facilities, 
etc.

Commissioner Whipple stated that he would like to vacate the chair to his colleague,
Commissioner Sharp. He commented that not very long ago there was an application
for a service station on this comer and he believed they would continue to get
applications for this property and that he could not help but think that a 
development of this type would be much more desirable than a service station. He further
stated that perhaps this would be a solution at least to an end to this matter 
continually coming before the Board for rezoning for different purposes. He stated it
was his opinion that this property would never be suitable for residential, for
which it is now zoned, and that in a lot of these matters some feel they would be
beneficial and some feel they would not. He added that there was not a full board
	present but this could not be helped due to resignations and elections; therefore,

he stated that he would second the motion, and it was carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp stated that his firm has done business in the past for the Bank
of Nevada and is doing this bank; therefore, he passed his vote. Absent:	Mayor

C. D. Baker.

BID OPENING 59.23	This being the time heretofore set for the Bid Opening No. 59.23 for the Street

Street Repair Contract                  Repair Contract (1959-60 Budget); bids were received as follows:

Referred to Public Works	H. W. Polk, General Contractor	$ 19,335.00

Ideal Asphalt Paving Co., Inc.	16,372.00

Wells Cargo, Inc.	24,385.00

Commissioner Sharp moved that the above bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

BID OPENING 59.21)	This being the time heretofore set for the Bid Opening No. 59.21) for the Paving of

Paving St. Louis - 10th	St. Louis - Curb and Gutter, Sidewalk and Street Lights from 10th Street to Maryland

to Maryland Parkway                 Parkway (1958 - 59 Budget), bids were received as follows:

Referred to Public Works	Wells Cargo, Inc.	$ 8,422.72

H. W. Polk, General Contractor	10,051).84

Ideal Asphalt Paving Co., Inc.	8,642.60

Commissioner Sharp moved that the above bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

BID OPENING 59.25	This being	the time heretofore set for the Bid Opening No. 59.25 for Automatic

Sprinkling System,	Sprinkling	System Adjacent to Hyde Park Pool, with Poly-Vinyl Chloride Pipe;

Hyde Park Pool	Alternate,	Black Iron Pipe, Dipped and Wrapped (1958-59 Budget), bids were received

as follows:

Referred to Public Works

Nevada Lawn Irrigation Co. #1	$ 5,639.65

#2	6,399.23

#3	4,479.63

Sprinkler Sales & Serv. Co. #1	4,051.47

#2	(No Bid)

#3	4,051.47

Commissioner Fountain moved that the above bids be referred to the City Manager
and Director of Public Works for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

6-3-59