LIQUOR APPLICATION	City Manager Kennedy presented a request for a change in the stockholders in the

Change in Corporation	Eldorado Club Inc. doing business as the Horseshoe Club; 128 Fremont; for two tavern

Ownership	licenses. There is a favorable report from the Police Department with the exception

of the report on Harry E. Wrest which has not been completed.

Approved; except Mr.

Wrest	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the Eldorado Club Inc. doing business

as the Horseshoe Club; 128 Fremont; requesting a change in the stockholders; for two
tavern licenses; except Mr. Wrest; be approved; and the application insofar as it
concerns Mr. Wrest be continued for further investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

GAMING APPLICATION	City Manager Kennedy presented a request for a change in the stockholders in the Eldorado

Change in Corporation	Club Inc. doing business as the Horseshoe Club; 128 Fremont; for 191 slots; 6 Craps;

Ownership	2 Roulette; 6 "21" and 1 Keno. There is a favorable report from the Police Department

with the exception of the report on Harry E. Wrest which has not been completed.

Approved; except Mr.

Wrest	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the Eldorado Club Inc. doing business as

the Horseshoe Club; 128 Fremont; requesting a change in the stockholders for 191 slots;

6 Craps; 2 Roulette; 6 "21" and 1 Keno; except Mr. Wrest; be approved; and that the
application insofar as it concerns Mr. Wrest be continued for further investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for additional gaming licenses be

Additional	approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

Approved	TOWN TAVERN	600 Jackson	Earl Turman et al	1 Poker

EL RIO TAVERN	"H" & Revere	United Coin Machine Co.	1 Cash Pinball

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION	City Manager	Kennedy presented the application for the purchase of 5% interest in the New

Change of Interest	Pioneer Club	Inc., 25 Fremont, by Mel Exber, stating that there is a favorable police

Pioneer Club Inc.	report on the applicant.

Approved	Commissioner Sharp moved the application for the purchase of 5% interest in the New Pioneer

Club Inc., 25 Fremont, by Mel Exber, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CIGARETTE LICENSE	Commissioner	Fountain moved the application of the Sutton Vending Service, Inc. for change

Change of Location	of location to 818 South Main be approved. (Formerly located at 206 North First Street.)

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT (U-17-58)	The Commission considered the application of Greater Faith Baptist Church for a use permit

Faith Baptist Church	to construct a church at 1026 Highland Drive on the southeast corner nf Highland and Jefferson,

legally described as a portion of the NW¼, SW¼, SW¼, NE¼, Section 28, T20S, R61E, in an R-E zone.

Held in Abeyance

Approval is recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to conformance with the
plot plan as amended and the dedication of 15' of right-of-way along Highland. The church
has signed a Quitclaim Deed for the right-of-way. There were no protests.

Planning Director Bills stated that the Board of Zoning Adjustment withheld action on this
matter until there was a legibly drawn plot plan submitted. He further stated there were
some questions asked that might be interpreted as protests; however, the parties were not
protesting the location of the church but wanted to be sure it was a piece of architecture
in conformance with the neighborhood.

Commissioner Bunker asked if there were any plans on the church and Mr. Bills said that
there were. Commissioner Fountain asked if the Church people owned the property and Mr.

Bills said it was under a contract sale.

The Mayor asked if there was anyone here representing the church and the Rev. P. S. Walker
stepped forward. He stated that the proposed church was to be a $125,000.00 structure of
reinforced concrete block construction and that it would be a beautiful building. He said
there were 35 or 40 adult members of the church and 100 or 150 children.

Commissioner Whipple asked if it would be feasible for so few to build a church costing
this much money. Commissioner Bunker asked how much money is available at the present
time to put into this building and the Reverend answered that they had about $5,000 cash to
start with. He further stated that it was their desire to build a structure that was
worthwhile. Commissioner Fountain asked how long it was expected to take to complete the
church in view of the small amount of funds. Rev. Walker stated that they could apply the
the home office for a loan and that they have no reason to believe they would be rejected
and that they hoped to be able to complete the building sometime within the next 8 or 9
months.

Commissioner Whipple said that he was not opposed to them building a church but suggested
they get a letter of commitment from the home office or some concrete statement that they
will be able to obtain the necessary financing. Commissioner Fountain stated that he
could not support this plan with no more evidence of the financing than they seem
to now have.

Mayor Baker explained that the Board would like to have evidence from the Reverend and the
Church people of their ability to construct a building such as they propose to build
in a certain amount of time. His Honor went on to say that Use Permits are unusual and
the Board must be very particular, and that upon submission of additional information for
the Board's evaluation and study, this application will again be brought up before the
Commission.

12-3-58