6

ADDITIONS TO SEWER	Mr. Kennedy presented the agreement with John Carollo for preparation of the plans

PLANT	and specifications and inspection of the construction of additions to the sewer

Agreement with Engineer plant. He stated that the fees involved would he 10% of the overall cost of construction.

Commissioner Whipple moved the agreement with John Carollo for preparation of plans
and specifications and inspection of the additions to the Sewer Plant he approved
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded hy Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

PURCHASE OF CEMETERY City Manager Kennedy presented the revised agreement with the Eagles Lodge for the
LOTS	purchase of 214 lots in Woodlawn Cemetery.

Eagles Lodge

Commissioner Fountain moved this agreement he approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same after it has been executed by the Eagles Lodge.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 

Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

PURCHASE OF LAND	Mr. Kennedy stated that he had received a letter from R. Guild Gray of the Clark

School District	County School District requesting permission to bid on 10 acres of land at the 

/	intersection of Stewart and 28th Street, adjacent to Hadland Park.

The Commission requested that a study he made by the Planning Department to see if
28th Street should be closed and that streets be opened below.

EASEMENT -	The City Manager presented an easement to the Clark County School District for the

John C. Fremont School driveways at the John C. Fremont School.

Driveways

Commissioner Fountain moved this easement be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 

Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

SOLICITORS LICENSE	Mr. Kennedy presented the request of Mrs. Henrietta Kamm for reduction of the 

Reduction Denied	solicitors license to sell ladies hosiery.

The Commission determined that this request should be denied.

LEASE - Clark County 	Commissioner Whipple moved the lease with Clark County for the construction of 
Swimming Pools	swimming pools by the Clark County Fair and Recreation Board be amended so that the pools

Amendment	be erected on or before July 1, 1958 and at a cost of not less than $100,000.00

^	for both pools.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 

Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

HANDBALL COURT	Commissioner Bunker inquired as to the status of the remodeling of the second handball

court at Dula Recreation Center. Mr. Kennedy advised that he would be ready
with a report and recommendation at the next regular meeting of the Commission.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Whipple moved this meeting adjourn at the hour of 9:35 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 

Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 18, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 18th Day of December, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:40 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Planing Director	Franklin J. Bills

Works Engineer	V.B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

12-4-57	12-18-57