BONANZA TERRACE SUBDIVISION    The Commission considered the recommendation of the Engineering Department that the
AGREEMENT	offsite improvements	installed under subdivision agreement of Bonanza Terrace Inc.,

Bruce E. Gilbertson,	230 South 5th Street, Las Vegas, Nevada be accepted and the 

Acceptance and	Massachusetts Bonding and	Insurance Company Subdivision Bondi No. 840372 in the amount of

Release of Bond	$59,900.00 be released.

Approved	Commissioner Bunker moved that the offsite improvements installed under subdivision

agreement with Bonanza Terrace Inc., Bruce E. Gilbertson, 230 South 5th Street,

Las Vegas, Nevada, be accepted and the Massachusetts Bonding and Insurance Company 
Subdivision Bond No. 840372 in the amount of $59,900 be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, and His Honor Mayor Fro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

TRAFFIC PAINT	Director of Public Works Sauer presented the request to go to bid for a supply contract

to furnish street paint for the period from December 1, 1958 to June 30, 1959; at the
Approved to go to	estimated cost of approximately $5,000.00.

Bid

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if the City uses this much traffic paint in a year. Mr.

Sauer stated that this represents about 1700 gallons of paint for the period of December
1, 1958 to June 30; 1959.

Commissioner Fountain asked if this is the quickest drying paint obtainable. Mr. Sauer
answered in the affirmative and further stated that the State of California and Nevada
have used this paint for some time and we have found it to be very satisfactory.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Clerk be authorized to publish notice to bidders for
the traffic paint, Bids to be opened December 3; 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

HADLAND PARK SPRINKLER	Director of Public Works Sauer presented the	request to go to bid for the Handland Pa	rk

SYSTEM	Sprinkler System. The estimated cost of materials to extend the sprinkler system to	the

5 acre area on the south side of the park is $2,500.00. Commissioner Fountain asked if
Approved to go to Bid	this is to be automatic type. Mr. Sauer stated they are not, but are quick coupling

Buckner Heads.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Clerk be authorized to publish notice to bidders
for materials for the Hadland Park Sprinkler System, bids to be opened December 3, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

QUITCLAIM DEED	The Commission considered the Quitclaim Deed	from James M. Goto of 100 feet of right	 of

James M. Goto	way for Effluent Ditch, 1.91 acres, together	with approximately 1.24 acres of additional

to	land adjacent to said ditch lying on the easterly slope.

City of Las Vegas

Commissioner Bunker moved that the purchase of documentary stamps to be affixed to the
Resolution	Quitclaim Deed from James M. Goto, be authorized and the following resolution adopted and

of Acceptance	order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On Motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner E. W.
Fountain, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 5th day of November, 1958, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 9th
day of September, 1958, executed by James M. Goto to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes of public uses; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Robert F. Boos, Acting City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy of
the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of
the Board of Commissioners held on the 5th day of November, 1958.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal this
6th day of November, 1958.

/s/ ROBERT F. BOOS______________________

Acting Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent;

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

QUITCLAIM DEED	The Commission considered the Quitclaim Deed from Masako Miura of 100 feet of right-of-way

Masako Miura to	for Effluent Ditch, 3.13 acres, together with approximately 6.39 acres of additional land

City of Las Vegas	adjacent to said ditch lying on the easterly slope.

Resolution of	Commissioner Bunker moved that the purchase of documentary stamps to be affixed to the

Acceptance	Quitclaim Deed from Masako Miura be authorized and the following resolution adopted and

order made:

11-5-58