NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 23rd day of October, 1959,
that the City Engineer be and he is hereby directed to prepare and file with the
City Clerk, plats, diagrams, plans of the work, the locality to be improved,
together with the estimates of cost for the installation of street lighting and
increasing of the width of the following described street and part of street:

a)	STREET LIGHTING on Fremont Street from Sixth
Street to the intersection of East Charleston
Boulevard.

b)	STREET WIDENING on Fremont Street from Seventh
Street to Fourteenth Street.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 23rd day of October, 1959.

/s/ Oran K. Gragson

ATTEST:	ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

/s/ Marjorie Holtschlag
MARJORIE HOLTSCHLAG, City Clerk

Assessment District #100-28

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

"FABULOUS 	Director of Public Works Sauer presented a proposed "Fabulous Downtown Las Vegas"

DOWNTOWN LAS VEGAS"	information sign which Commissioner Fountain had requested him to investigate;

Information Signs	same to be installed on all arterials leading into Las Vegas. Mr. Sauer advised

there would be ten 6' x 8' signs at a cost of $576 each. The construction of
Purchase	the signs will be such that parts can be replaced.

Approved

Commissioner Sharp moved the purchase of ten "Fabulous Downtown Las Vegas"
information signs in the amount of $5,760 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

MARYLAND PKWY.	Director of Public Works Sauer requested permission to receive informal bids for

ISLAND LANDSCAPING	the Maryland Parkway Island Landscaping between Oakey Boulevard and San Francisco,

	estimated cost $5,600 including sprinkler system, trees, shrubs and gravel.

Approved to	Mr. Sauer advised the estimated cost to blacktop these islands was $3,500 and

Receive Informal	there would be no maintenance; however, the Park Department recommended the

Bids	landscaping. Commissioner Sharp suggested the use of blacktop instead of gravel

and still have the trees. Mr. Sauer was of the opinion this would be still
more expensive.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of the Public Works Department to receive
informal bids for the Maryland Parkway Island Landscaping between Oakey Boulevard
and San Francisco Avenue, to include gravel, shrubbery, trees and sprinkling
system at an estimated cost of $5,600, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

EXCHANGE OF	Director of Public Works Sauer advised the Commission of a proposal received

PROPERTY	from the Roman Catholic Church wherein the City would exchange ten acres of

Roman Catholic	property adjacent to the Roy W. Martin School for 5.971 acres at the corner of

Church	Eastern and St. Louis Avenues presently owned by the Roman Catholic Church; the

church to pay $2,000 an acre for the difference of 4.029 acres, or a total of
Held in Abeyance	$8,058.

Mr. Sauer advised that George VonTobel appraised the property at the corner of
Eastern and St. Louis at $2,250 per acre; however, Engineering Department recommended
it be valued no higher than $2,000 an acre due to the unsettled condition of the
ground on which nothing could be built without a large expenditure of funds.

Acting City Manager Robert Heath stated neither Mr. Bruner, consultant for the
church, nor the Bishop was present; however, Msgr. Carmody had expressed
agreement to the plan outlined by Mr. Sauer. Mr. Sauer added that if this
proposal was approved, the church would be required to install the offsite
improvements at the time of construction.

Commissioner Whipple asked what the City would do with five acres of land which
could not be used. Mr. Sauer advised this property was originally owned by the
City and that there was forty acres in the entire tract which might be developed
as a park. Commissioner Sharp advised a soil analysis in this area disclosed it
was only good for 500 pounds for ever foot of bearing. Mr. Sauer stated it
would be necessary to remove approximately 4' of top ground and return this
material.

Commissioner Fountain moved the proposal of the Roman Catholic Church be held
in abeyance.

10-23-59