Mr. Foley asked the Commission if they could, at this time, make the motion to
approve this transfer subject to the submission of the aforementioned information
and finding the same adequate, as it was the end of their fiscal year on
September 30, 1959, and they would like to get the income tax advantage.

Mayor Gragson asked City Attorney Cory if he felt this should be approved subject
to all the requirements the Commission felt necessary in order to make the
transfer. Mr. Cory replied that he thought it would be better to take action now
subject to such condition and if upon receipt of the requested information, the
Commission determined the assignee could not adequately provide service said
approval would be rescinded.

Merlin Jones, Accountant for the City, requested a written explanation of the
functions and operations of the related companies. Mr. Jones stated there were
at least four such companies; (1) Silver State Disposal Company which would
operate in the City of Las Vegas, (2) Disposal Transportation, Inc., which would
operate in the City of North Las Vegas, (3) Clark Sanitation, Inc., which would
operate in the County of Clark, and (4) Disposal Investments which would own the
land and buildings and operate a repair shop. He requested information as to
what would be the function of each company and what would be the transactions
between these companies and the Silver State Disposal Company; that is, the renting
of office space, renting of truck parking spaces and any maintenance of trucks.

Mr. Hibbs stated they could get this information and further that these rentals
back and forth would be discontinued. Mr. Foley said this information could be
supplied in a separate narrative.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution be adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, has been
requested to approve the proposed transfer and assignment of that certain agreement
entered into between the said City and Southern Nevada Disposal Service, Inc., a
Nevada Corporation, dated the 4th day of January, 1956, together with that certain
agreement between said parties dated the 3rd day of June, 1959, to Silver State
Disposal Company, a Nevada Corporation, upon the express condition that the
following information shall be made available to the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas for its consideration and review within a period of sixty (60)
days from the date hereof:

(a)	A detailed written explanation of the functions and operations of all
related companies doing business with the Silver State Disposal Company
together with a statement of all assets and liabilities of Silver State
Disposal Company and Southern Nevada Disposal Service, Inc., immediately
prior to, and immediately subsequent to, the proposed assignment.

(b)	A specification of equipment to be owned, leased or otherwise operated
by said company, which equipment shall in any event be not less than such
number and type of equipment as is necessary to adequately serve the City
of Las Vegas.

(c)	A statement of all encumbrances, if any, against said equipment, it
being understood that Max Chason, after said transfer of equipment to
Silver State Disposal Company, will be shown as legal owner of all said
equipment until such time as the indebtedness due Max Chason has been
satisfied in full by the Southern Nevada Disposal Service, Inc., or its
successors in interest.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that upon receipt of the foregoing information by
the City, the Board of Commissioners shall review the same and if it finds that the
proposed assignee will adequately perform the conditions and obligations of the
aforesaid agreements, the said City shall duly execute and deliver to Silver State
Disposal Company a written document consenting to the assignment as aforesaid, effective
the 1st day of October, 1959, provided that said assignment shall contain, among other
things, a provision acknowledging that the City of Las Vegas shall at all times have
the right to disallow or disregard for rate-making purposes increased valuations
resulting from said assignment as well as depreciation schedules, amortization
schedules, excessive salaries and other expenditures deemed unnecessary by said
Commission; and provided, further, that said assignment shall also contain a
condition requiring an annual certified audit of the books and records of account of
said company as of the close of business on the 30th day of September of each year,
which said certified audit shall be delivered to the City of Las Vegas not later
than the 15th day of December of each year, the first said certified audit to be
delivered on, or prior to, the 15th day of December, 1959; and further providing
that the Certified Public Accountant preparing said annual certified audit shall
also express his written opinion as to whether the financial statements present
fairly the financial position of the company and the results of its operations in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent
basis; and provided further, that said assignment shall contain a provision permitting 
an authorized representative of the City of Las Vegas to examine and
inspect the books of account and records of Silver State Disposal Company, and any
and all of its related companies at all reasonable times insofar as the operations of
said companies may affect the performance of the assigned agreements.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 29th day of September, 1959.

/s/ Oran K. Gragson

ATTEST:	ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

/s/ Marjorie Holtschlag
MARJORIE HOLTSCHLAG, City Clerk

9-29-59