1.	That the building shall not be used as a church, or any additions be
made thereto until such time as it has been brought up to code.

2.	That the yard be cleared of all debris, trash, etc., subject to approval
of the Fire Department.

Planning Director Bills stated that a building permit has been applied for. Jessie
Morgan was present and stated that they would comply with all the requirements.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Jessie Morgan, representing the
Faith Temple Church of God and Christ, for a use permit to conduct a church in an
existing building at 907 Adams Street in an R-1 zone be approved as recommended by
the Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to the conditions as heretofore listed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

ONE HOUR PARKING	The Commission considered the request of Virgil Earl for a 15-minute loading zone

South "A" Street;	at 1317 South "A" Street. The Traffic and Parking Commission recommended denial of

Charleston to Utah                   the 15-minute loading zone; however, recommended approval of a 1-hour parking zone

on the east side of South "A" Street from Charleston to Utah. All of the owners
Approved	and tenants were notified and 66% indicated approval of the 1-hour parking zone.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a 1-hour parking zone on the east side of South "A"
Street from Charleston to Utah be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

ONE HOUR PARKING	The Commission considered the request of Helen Crain for a 1-hour parking zone on

Fremont; 1500, 1600, &	both sides of the 1500, 1600, and 1700 blocks on Fremont Street. Approval 

1700 Blocks	recommended by the Traffic and Parking Commission. The property owners and tenants were

contacted and 75% indicated approval.

Approved

Commissioner Fountain moved that a 1-hour parking zone on both sides of the 1500,
1600, and 1700 blocks on Fremont Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

ONE HOUR PARKING	The Commission considered the request of Lief Brandin of the Desert Poultry et al

South Main; 1500 Block	for a 1-hour parking zone on the west side of the 1500 Block on South Main Street.

The Traffic and Parking Commission recommended approval. 80% of the tenants and
Approved	property owners indicated approval.

Commissioner Fountain moved that a 1-hour parking zone on the west side of the 1500
Block on South Main Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

NO PARKING	The Commission considered the request of Mr. Ralph Roles, 1809 South 5th, for a

1815 South 5th	review of the traffic situation at that location. The Traffic and Parking Commission 

recommended the installation of a red "No Parking" zone in front of
Approved	Duffy's Tavern, 1815South 5th Street.

This would necessitate the elimination of two existing parking spaces; however,
the "No Parking" zone would be necessary to permit southbound cars making a left
turn at the island cut at this location to enter the northbound traffic lanes
without obstructing traffic.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the installation of a red "No Parking" zone in front
of Duffy's Tavern, 1815 South 5th Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

VACATION PETITION	Commissioner Sharp moved that a petition received from the Clark County School

View, Lake, 26th	District for the vacation	of View, Lake, 26th Streets	and the alleys located 

Streets & Alleys	therein (these are the streets	surrounding Sunrise School)	be referred to the Planning

Department.

Referred to Planning Dept.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

VARIANCE (V-2-58)	The Commission considered	the release of bond for the	offsite improvements under

Lloyd and Phyllis Howey                 Variance (V-2-58) granted	to Lloyd and Phyllis Howey.	These improvements had been

accepted by the Engineering Department and they recommended that the bond be released.
Bond Released	

This bond was posted for the completion of offsite improvements adjacent to property 
located at 2201 Fairfield Avenue, legally described as Lots 43, 44, 45 and 46,
Block 3, Meadows Addition.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the St. Paul Fire and Marine Insurance Company Bond
No. 404GA0914, in the amount of $871.75; be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

6-3-59