On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker, and 
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner
Wendell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 5 day of February, 1958, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 27 day of January, 1948, executed by Calvary Lutheran Church of Las Vegas,
Nevada, a Nevada corporation to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
Deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved the deed from the City to the Calvary Lutheran Church
for the realignment along Bruce Street from Harris Avenue intersection be approved
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

LIQUOR LICENSE	City Manager Kennedy presented the application of Gim N. and S.M. Fong for a

New	tavern license at Fong's Garden, 2021 East Charleston. Mr. Kennedy advised the

Fong's Garden	Board that there are presently 48 tavern licenses, and the population will have

	to increase to over 60,000 before any more can be issued.

Mr. Leo McNamee, representing Messrs. Gim N. and S.M. Fong appeared before the
Board at this time and advised that they presently have a cabaret license, but
would not insist on a tavern license so long as the Board does not issue another
tavern license in this area.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application for a tavern license at Fong's Garden
be denied on the basis that there are no licenses available.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tern Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Hickory Wood	The Commission considered the application of Drexel Denton for a Service Bar

Bar-B-Que	liquor license at the Hickory Wood Bar-B-Que, 315 Fremont Street.



Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that this could not be granted unless the zone
was changed, because Service Bars can only be located in a C-S zone.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Consideration was given to the request of Del Barkhuff for the deletion of A.S.

Deletion of	Johnson and Sam W. Collins from the Package Liquor license of the Twin Lakes

Partners	Liquors, 1032 Tonopah Highway.

Twin Lakes Liquors

Commissioner Fountain moved that A.S. Johnson and Sam W. Collins be deleted from
the package liquor license of Twin Lakes Liquors.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

LIQUOR LICENSE	The Commission considered the application for transfer of the tavern liquor license

Change of Owner &	issued to Robert Van Santen at the Nevada Club, 109 Fremont St to Abe Fox, 2101A

Location	South Fifth.

Abe Fox

	The City Manager advised the Board that this license was transferred to Mr. Van

Santen from Cecil Lynch on January 22, 1958.

Commissioner Fountain moved the transfer of the tavern license from Robert Van Sahten
to Abe Fox at 2101A South 5th Street be denied, and Mr. Van Santen notified to appear 
at the next regular meeting on February 19th to show cause why this tavern license 
should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker.

Blue Heaven	Consideration was given to the application of Cecil Lynch and Lee Glenn for trans-

	of the tavern License presently issued to Canosa Inc. dba Lucky 13 at 13 Frefer 

mont, to the Blue Heaven, 2025 East Charleston.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

2-5-58