At the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held April 1, 1959, this
matter was held in abeyance at the request of the City Attorney who has now advised
that this tentative map can be approved subject to the aforementioned conditions.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the Charleston Heights #10 Tentative Map be approved
subject to the conditions as recommended by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LAS VERDES HEIGHTS	The Commission considered the revision of the tentative map for Las Verdes Heights 

Revision of	consisting of a change of the street pattern within the east half of the original tentative

Tentative Map	map of property located between Oakey, San Francisco, Arville and Valley View. Approval

was recommended by the Planning Commission.

Approved

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Las Verdes Heights Revision of Tentative Map be
approved as recommended by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 59.03	Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 59.03 for Slurry	Sand be awarded to the Gornowich

Slurry Sand	Sand and Gravel, Inc., 1320 South "A" Street in the amount of $9,750 on the basis of

Award	low bid as recommended by the Public Works Department.

Gornowich Sand &

Gravel	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 59.10	Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 59.10 for Piping at Golf Course Reservoir,

Piping at Golf	Part A - Pumphouse Cast Iron Piping, Part B - Asbestos	Cement Water Pipe, be awarded to

Course Reservoir	the Longley Construction Co., Inc., P. O. Box 2104, in	the amount of $10,217.50 on the

Award	basis of low bid as recommended by the Public Works Department.

Longley Construction

Company	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 59.11	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Public Works Department that Bid No.

Emulsified	Asphalt	59.11 for 250 Tons of Emulsified Asphalt for Slurry be awarded to the American Bitumuls

for Slurry	and Asphalt Co., 1401 W. Florence Avenue, Inglewood, California, in the amount of $8,575.00.

Award	'

American Bitumuls &	Director of Public Works Sauer stated that an identical bid was received from the Douglas

Asphalt Co.	Oil Company of California; however, previous experience with the American Bitumuls and

Asphalt Company has been very satisfactory and further that the City has used their
laboratory for certain analysis of materials.

His Honor Mayor Baker	asked if the Engineering Department had made a study and survey of

the Slurry Program to	see that it is applied to streets where it would do the most good.

Director of Public Works Sauer stated that this had been done and the program is being
confined to side streets and not the down town or heavily travelled areas.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 59.11 for 250 Tons of Emulsified Asphalt for
Slurry be awarded to the American Bitumuls and Asphalt Co., 1401 W. Florence Avenue,
Inglewood, California, in the amount of $8,575.00 as recommended by the Public Works
Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 59.12	The Commission considered the award of Bid No. 59.12 for Type 2 Aggregate; Item 1 for the

Type 2 Aggregate	furnishing of 10,000 cu. yds. west of the railroad track; Item 2 for the furnishing of

Award	5,000 cu. yds. east of the railroad track. Bids were accepted for either item.

Wells-Cargo, Inc.

& H. W. Polk	Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 59.12 Item I for the furnishing of 10,000 cu. yds.

Type 2 Aggregate west of	the railroad track be awarded to Wells-Cargo,	Inc., P.O. Box 430,

in the amount of $12,000	on the basis of	low bid as recommended by the	Public	Works 
Department; Item 2 for the furnishing of 5,000	cu. yds. Type 2 Aggregate east	of the	Railroad

track be awarded to H.W.	Polk, P. O. Box	1368, in the amount of $6,450	on the	basis of

low bid as recommended by the Public Works Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 59.13	Commissioner Whipple moved that Bid No. 59.13, Part (A) Chain Link Fence at Animal Shelter;

Chain Link Fence at	Part (B) Chain Link Fence at Golf Course Reservoir be awarded to the Las Vegas Fence and

Animal Shelter &	Supply Co., 2506 E. College, North Las Vegas, in the total amount of $3,774; (Part A) - $488

Golf Course Reservoir	and (Part B) - $3,286, on the basis of low bid as recommended by the Public Works Department.

Award

Las Vegas Fence &	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Supply Co.	Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SOUTHRIDGE ESTATES	The Commission considered the acceptance of the final plat for Southridge Estates. The

Acceptance of Final	Engineering Department has checked	the	final designs and recommended approval.	

Plat	Subdivision Agreement has been signed	and	bond has been posted by the subdivider,	Paul V.

Smitley Development Corporation.

Approved

Commissioner Whipple moved that the acceptance of final plat for Southridge Estates be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID OPENING NO. 59.08	This being the time heretofore set	for	the opening of Bid No. 59.08 for Police	Rehabilitation

Police Rehabilitation	Farm Irrigation System; Part A. Piping	for East Portion; Part B. Piping for West portion,

Farm Irrigation System	the following bids were received:

Referred to Public Works

4-15-59