232A

INSERT AFTER USE PERMIT (U-20-58) Jack C. Cherry Inc.

MINUTES OF 11-5-58

USE PERMIT (U-21-58)              The Commission considered the application of Royes J. Petersen for a Use Permit to allow

Marion R. McCann to operate a real estate office on a temporary basis, to terminate prior
Royes J. Petersen	to April 1, 1959, at 300 E. Oakey Boulevard, Between South 5th Street and Santa Paula

(Marion R. McCann)	Drive, legally described as Lot 2, Block 1, El Centro Addition, in an R-3 zone.

Approved	Approval recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the condition that the

permit be issued to Marion R. McCann, that it be non-transferable, and that it terminate
on April 1, 1959. Mr. Bills, Director of Planning, stated that ordinance does allow a real
estate office in a new tract on a temporary basis.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Royes J. Petersen for a Use Permit to
allow Marion R. McCann to operate a real estate office on a temporary basis at 300 E. Oakey
Boulevard, between South 5th Street and Santa Paula Drive, legally described as Lot 2,

Block 1, El Centro Addition, in an R-3 zone be approved subject to the conditions that the
permit be issued to Marion R. McCann, that it be non-transferable and that it terminate
April 1, 1959.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

USE PERMIT (U-22-58)	The Commission considered the application of Mr. & Mrs. W. M. Ivy for a Use Permit to

Mr. & Mrs. W. M. Ivy	conduct a day nursery for nine infants or less at 125 North Bruce Street between Fremont

and Ogden Streets, legally described as Lot 21, Block 4, Mayfair #3; in an R-1 zone.

Approved

Approval recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to the following conditions:

1.	Approval of the Child Welfare Board

2.	That no signs be permitted on the premises

3.	That the applicant agree to enter into an assessment district for the
installation of sidewalks when such district is formed.

There were two protests; however, they were withdrawn when advised that no signs would
be posted on the premises and that the use would be restricted to children under the age
of two years.

Planning Director Bills stated the Child Welfare Board has given its approval and the Child
Welfare Officer, Diane Schnaer, said there is a particular need for this type of nursery
catering to the care of infants. Commissioner Fountain asked if the premises have been 
inspected by the Child Welfare Officer and Mr. Bills stated that it had.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Mr. & Mrs. W. M. Ivy for a Use Permit
to conduct a day nursery for nine infants or less under the age of two years be approved
subject to the approval of the Child Welfare Board, that no signs be permitted on the premises
and that the applicant agree to enter into an assessment district for the installation of
sidewalks when such district is formed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.