Works, excepting the ½ alley paving.

3. That the permit he for a period of time not to
exceed one year from the date of approval.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

USE PERMIT	The Commission considered the application of Lawrence G. McNeil Company, a

U-23-59	California Corporation, to construct a church building at the northeast corner

of Cashman Drive and West Oakey Boulevard, legally described as a tract of
Lawrence G. McNeil	land in the Southwest corner of the SE¼, NW¼, Section 5; T21S, R61E, measuring

Co.	300 feet north and south and 330 feet east and west with Cashman Drive as the

west boundary and Oakey Boulevard as the south boundary in an R-1 zone.

Held in Abeyance	Approval was recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to certain

conditions. Mr. Bills stated that it was proposed to construct a Greek
Orthodox Church at this location.

Commissioner Elwell asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest
this application and Jack Belcher, Architect, 1330 Cashman Drive, stated he
owned property to the north and contended this development would be injurious
to the value of the property; however, his main reason for objecting was the
hazard to the children in the area as a result of the increased traffic.

Alex Shoofey, 1300 Cashman Drive, spoke to the Commission stating he represented
several neighbors that were not able to be present and mentioned one as being
David Boyer, and that they had discussed the possibility of perhaps making the
church people an offer for this property and further to assist them in finding
another location. Mr. Shoofey requested this application be held in abeyance
to give them the opportunity to get together with the church board.

Commissioner Fountain stated he did not believe there were enough protests to
prevent the church from going into this area and moved this application be held
in abeyance until the next regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
to be held October 21, 1959, in order that the representatives of the church
might meet with the neighboring people to resolve their differences in regard
to the construction of a church at this location.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

His Honor Mayor Gragson suggested this meeting be arranged at the earliest
possible date in order that further consideration of this application might
not be unnecessarily delayed.

Joseph Wright, Accountant, 1926 Houston Drive, spoke on behalf of the applicant
and advised the Commission considerable effort had been made to find a suitable
location and this was the only piece of property which they found that they
could handle and which was located in an area where they would not encroach on
their neighbor's rights or endanger children. He added there was nothing at all
to the south of this property nor for a great distance to the east and north.

Commissioner Fountain again stated he did not believe there were enough protests
to the church in this area, but he felt in view of Mr. Shoofey's statement the
neighboring people should be entitled to this meeting with the church board.

-0O0-

At the hour of 8:35 P.M. this meeting was recessed and reconvened at the hour
of 9:00 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

-0O0-

CURB CUT	Director of Planning Bills presented the recommendation of the Traffic and

3rd & Charleston	Parking Commission for approval of two 40' curb openings on the north side

of Charleston Boulevard from 3rd Street east 158' as requested by E. R.

Approved	Herbst. Mr. Bills advised that under existing ordinance three 32' curb cuts

would be allowable; however, in this instance it was recommended the two 40'
curb openings be allowed as the number of openings would be reduced.

Commissioner Fountain moved the two 40' curb openings on the north side of
Charleston Boulevard from 3rd Street east 158' be approved as recommended
by the Traffic and Parking Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

NO PARKING ZONE	Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking

South "A" &	Commission for the installation of a "No Parking Zone" on the east curb of

Colorado	South "A" Street from Colorado Avenue north 60', be approved as requested by

Postmaster C. K. Ryerse to accommodate an auto mail box.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

PASSENGER	Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Traffic & Parking Commission

LOADING ZONE	for the installation of a passenger loading zone along the east curb line of

Upland Blvd. beginning at the south curb line of Wisteria Ave. and extending north
Red Rock School	295' be approved, as requested by the Red Rock School P.T.A.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

10-7-59