Beginning at the southwest comer of the
intersection common to "J" Street and
Madison Avenue thence north along the 
west right of way line of "J"  Street
approximately 720 feet to the southwest
comer of the intersection common to "J"

Street and Jackson Avenue thence west along
the south right of way line of Jackson Avenue
approximately 320 feet, thence north 
approximately 360 feet to the north right of way
line of Van Buren Avenue thence east 
approximately 320 feet to the west right of way line of
"J" Street, thence north along the west right of
way line of "J" Street approximately 200 feet
to the northerly line common to the parcels
fronting on Van Buren Avenue, thence east
approximately 1,330 feet to the east right
of way line of "H"' Street, thence north
approximately 40 feet to the south right of
way line of the alley between Harrison Avenue
and Van Buren Avenue, thence east along the
south right of way line of the aforementioned
alley approximately 100 feet, thence south
approximately 910 feet to the south right of
way line of Monroe Avenue thence west 
approximately 150 feet to the center line of "H"

Street thence south approximately 70 feet
thence west 480 feet, thence south 
approximately 90 feet, thence west approximately
160 feet to the center line of "I" Street,
thence south approximately 250 feet to the
south right of way line of Madison Avenue
thence west approximately 660 feet to the
point of beginning, and

WHEREAS, as a result of said advance of funds, the City of Las Vegas, has made
plans and surveys and has determined that the following conditions exist within said Project
No. Nev. R-6:

(a)	Said area is a slum area or a blighted deteriorating area in which 58% of the
land is built up with buildings, street improvements or other improved land.

(b)	54% of the buildings in the area are substandard by comparison with the 
ordinances of the City of Las Vegas.

(c)	There is an overcrowding of structures on certain portions of the land.

(d)	Many structures are improperly located on their lots.

(e)	There is a diversity of ownership and obsolete planning which arrest the
orderly development and improvement of the area.

(f)	The blighted condition of the majority of the present structures deters new
construction and financing.

(g)	The project area contains a mixture of single and multiple family dwellings,
and includes one commercial building and three trailer courts.

(h)	74% of the streets are unpaved causing excessive dirt and dust.

(i)	There are no sidewalks or street lighting.

(j)	Existing rights-of-way are on an obsolete grid pattern.

(k) There are inadequate sanitary sewers, and street drainage.

(l) There are limited recreational facilities and no parks.

(m)	There is an overoccupancy of structures.

The proceeding conditions are distributed generally throughout the entire project

area; and

WHEREAS, the project area is clearly predominantly residential in character having
only one non-conforming commercial use occupying less than 1% of the total project area, and
less than 2% of the built-up area, and

WHEREAS, the remaining area all zoned for some type of residential uses, consists of
residential buildings, residential trailer parks and vacant land intermingled between the 
residential uses; and

WHEREAS, the Urban Renewal Project area is delineated in such a manner that it is
a part of a larger urban renewal area for which a renewal plan has been prepared as a result of
a Feasibility Survey performed by the Local Public Agency and completed in 1958, and is of such
a size that it may be efficiently carried out within the funds available for carrying out urban
renewal projects, and after it is redeveloped it will be surrounded on two sides by vacant land,
on the third side by a public school facility and a future urban renewal rehabilitation project
area, and on the fourth side by a future urban renewal redevelopment project area; and

WHEREAS, the location of Madison School Project "Nev. R-6" is such that the area
will constitute a stable district in itself; and

WHEREAS, all of the above characteristics and conditions are reasonably distributed
throughout the project area and there are no sizable ancillary areas that are free from all of
the above mentioned conditions, and the boundaries of the project area were drawn in such a
way as to create a sound district, and

5-6-59