Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

AUDIT OF CITY	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the audit of City accounts for

ACCOUNTS	the fiscal year of 1957-1958 should be started in the near future. The Commission

1957 - 1958	requested that this matter be held over until there is a full Board present.

VARIANCE - (V-6-58)	The City Manager presented the request of Mr. John Replogle concerning the variance 

John Replogle	granted him on June 4, 1958 to build a house on an undersized lot. Mr.

Sidewalk Requirement	Kennedy stated that at the time the Commission approved this application one of

the conditions was that a concrete sidewalk and driveway be installed. Mr.

Kennedy further stated that Mr. Replogle intends to install a driveway, but
is requesting that the Commission grant him permission to omit the sidewalk
since his property is at the last vacant lot on this circle, and the other
houses on this side of the street do not have sidewalks.

Mr. Replogle was present and advised the Board that he would be willing to 
submit a letter to the City indicating that he would be willing to enter into an
assessment or improvement district for the installation of sidewalks in this
area, when the City determines that sidewalks are required.

The Commission requested that Mr. Replogle submit this letter to the City Manager.

(A motion was made on this action later in the meeting) See Page 161

POLICE ATHLETIC LEAGUE 	City Manager Kennedy presented the request from the Police Athletic League to
Soap Box Derby	use East Bonanza Hill for the Soap Box Derby to be held July 26th, 1958 from

2:00 P.M. until 8:00 P.M., and on July 19th between the hours of 2:00 P.M. and
4:00 P.M. for trial runs. Mr. Kennedy stated that the request of this organization 
to place banners across 5th and Fremont Streets is forbidden by State
law. The City Manager recommended that authorization be given to close East
Bonanza Hill, as requested.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the Police Athletic League to close
Bonanza Hill on July 19th from 2:00 P.M. until 4:00 P.M. and on July 26th from
2:00 P.M. until 8:00 P.M. be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

POLICE DEPARTMENT	Mr. Kennedy reported that the City has an opportunity to purchase three radios

Purchase of Radios	from Motorola which can be used in the patrol cars of the Police Department in

Authorized	the total amount of $1395*00. He stated that this is new equipment and can be

secured at a savings of approximately $100.00 per set if the City purchases the
same.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 1789 to Motorola 
Communications & Electronics for the purchase of three radios for the Police 
Department in the total amount of $1395.00 be approved and the purchase order 
authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

FIRE DEPARTMENT	The City Manager presented the request of the Fire Department for the purchase of

Purchase of Hose	2000 feet of One and one-half (1½") inch hose at 90₵  per foot from the Eureka Fire

Authorized	Hose Company.

Mr. Kennedy stated that this is the lowest price available; a check has been
made with the American LaFrance Corporation, and the same type hose will cost
$1.22 per foot.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Purchase Requisition No. 2017 for 2,000 feet of
1½" firehose at a total cost of $1,800.00 to the Eureka Fire Hose Company be 
approved and the Purchase Order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

STREET DEPARTMENT	City Manager Kennedy requested approval of a Purchase Requisition to Douglas Oil

Purchase of Road Oil Company 	for road oil for the improvement of Bonanza Road from 25th Street to

Nellis Boulevard. Mr. Kennedy stated that 80 tons of this material is required
at a cost of $33.00 per ton.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 2082 to Douglas Oil
Company for road oil in the total amount of $2,640.00 for the improvement of
Bonanza Road from 25th Street to Nellis Boulevard be approved and the Purchase
Order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

LEASE OF CITY PROPERTY	City Manager Kennedy presented the proposed renewal of lease with the American

American Legion	Legion, Post No. 8 for use of City property adjacent to their clubhouse for a

parking lot. Mr. Kennedy reported that the lease is for a period of one year,
has been signed by the Commander of the American Legion, and requested 
authorization for the Mayor to sign same.

6-18-58