Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

USE PERMIT - U-1-58 	City Manager Kennedy reported that the installation of sewer in connection with
First Southern Baptist	the construction of a church building by the First Southern Baptist Church at

Church	6th and St. Louis is being checked, but requested that this matter be held until

	legal advice can be secured.

Commissioner Bunker moved the report on the sewer installation in connection
with the use permit granted the First Southern Baptist Church to construct a
church building on the southeast corner of 6th and St. Louis be held in abeyance
until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

USE PERMIT - U-2-58 	Mr. Kennedy stated that there is a sewer problem in connection with the application 
Ernest & Floriene	of Ernest and Floriene Atchley for a use permit to operate a day nursery

Atchley	at $15 Shadow. He advised the Commission that the Engineering Department has

	been in contact with the applicant, but they do not have the solution at this

time and requested that the matter be held until next meeting.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Ernest and Floriene Atchley for
a use permit to operate a day nursery at 515 Shadow be continued until the next
regular meeting on April 2, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

USE PERMIT	-	U-6-58	Associate Planner David Kennedy presented the application of	Dan H. Plunkett	and

Plunkett	&	Barrick	Edward J. Barrick for a use permit to construct and maintain	a building to house

the administrative offices and laboratories for the Atomic Energy Commission on
a six acre plot generally located at the southwest corner of	Oakey Boulevard	and

Western Avenue. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that the	Board of Zoning	

Adjustment had recommended that this application be denied.

Mr. William Singleton, property owner in the area, appeared before the Board
and protested the granting of this use permit. He stated that since the location
of the free-way in this area has not been definitely established it was the feeling 
of the property owners that if the Commission approves this application that
it will result in the free-way being placed further west than the property owners
would like to have it.

Others who spoke in protest to the granting of this use permit were:

Vic Kunkel

Angelo Manzi	1920 Silver Avenue

Ed Ciliax	1909 Bannie Lane

Jim Irwin

Alex Campbell	1700 Silver Avenue

John Benton

Bob Patton

Mike Holden

Dr. Harold Boyer

Stan Banta	1405 Bryn Mawr

His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked for a standing vote of those present who
objected to the granting of this use permit. There were 25 people who stood.

Mr. Herb Jones, representing the applicant appeared before the Board at this time
to request approval of this application. He Stated that the State Highway Department 
had been contacted relative to the location of the free-way, and while it
had not been definitely established, the applicants were relatively sure that
this land would be east of the proposed free-way. Mr. Jones advised the Board
that this proposed construction would cost approximately $1,500,000.00 and it
was estimated that approximately 700 people would be employed.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple announced that it was time for the Commission to open bids
for the Golf Course Sprinkler System, so this matter would be continued after
the bid opening.	

BID NO. 58.01	This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 58.01 for the installation

Golf-Course Sprinkler	of a sprinkler system at the Golf Course, bids were received from the following

System	firms:

	Alternate #1	Alternate #2

BEN O. DAVEY	$ 60,494.70	$ 63,779.70

AUTOMATIC IRRIGATION	48,366.41	50,891.43

LONGLEY CONSTRUCTION CO.	45,977.10	47,729.10

NEVADA LAWN & IRRIGATION	49,876.03	50,368.78

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
and Engineering Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

USE PERMIT - U-6-58	Discussion continued on the application of Dan H. Plunkett and Edward J. Barrick

Plunkett & Barrick	for a use permit at the southwest corner of Oakey Boulevard and Western Avenue,



Commissioner Bunker stated that inasmuch as we are at an impasse it would be
his suggestion that the Board discuss the matter with Otis Wright of the State
Highway Department and put to him a couple of questions:

3-19-58