TAXICAB STANDS	Discussion was held on the taxicab stands in the City and the report compiled by the

Traffic Engineer, Police Department and City Manager, which recommends double stands on
the corners of 1st, 2nd and 3rd at Fremont be established.

The Commission determined that double stands by the Golden Nugget and Horseshoe Clubs
should be established, and the additional stand allocated to Blue Cab and Boulder Cab.

This matter was referred to the City Manager for disposition.

NEW PIONEER CLUB	A letter from Madison Graves relative to the proposed change of ownership of the Pioneer

Club to A. B. Parvin and Sam Diamond. It indicated that approval has not been secured
from the State at the present time, but the application is pending, and it is desired
to obtain permission from the City to allow these individuals to take over the active
management. The matter was discussed, and Mr. Graves was advised that Messrs. Diamond
and Parvin could take over the management by registering with the Police Department,
and at such time as the application has been approved by the State, it will be considered
by the City Commission.

LIQUOR LICENSE	The application of Harry Levy to transfer his package liquor license from 770 Fremont to

Transfer	2002 E. Charleston and add the names of Alvin Levy and Arthur Turk, was considered.

HARRY LEVY LIQUORS	Mr. Bob O'Brien representing the Licensed Beverage Association was present and protested

the transfer of this license.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Harry Levy for transfer of his package
liquor license to 2002 E. Charleston and the addition of Alvin Levy and Arthur Turk to this
license to be known as Harry Levy's Liquors, be approved and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GARBAGE CONTRACT	The Commission discussed the possibility of the Garbage Contractor being required to set

up a trust fund for advance payments on garbage collection.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Manager notify the Southern Nevada Disposal
Company that effective immediately the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
demands under the terms of the franchise contract that a Trust Fund be set up which shall
have deposited therein the amount of fees collected in advance for garbage collection paid
by the residents and businessmen of the City of Las Vegas. All future collections for
garbage service from residents and businessmen of the City are to be deposited therein also.
That this account is to be under the joint control of the City and the Garbage Company.

That withdrawals from this account shall be paid to the contractor each month after the
certification by an officer of the Contractor, sworn to before a Notary Public, as to the
amount of fees earned, or to be earned, by the Contractor for that period.

Withdrawals are to be made by a check signed by an agent of the contractor and the
Director of Finance of the City of Las Vegas, or his assistant. That this control is
necessary in the opinion of the Board to properly protect the citizens of Las Vegas and
to guarantee to them that they will receive the services for which they have already paid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 10:30 P.M.
Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

August 26, 1958

TO:	Robert F. Boos, Acting City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada is hereby called to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the
27th day of August, 1958, at the hour of 4:00 P.M. to consider the following
matters:

1.	CHANGE OF OWNERSHIP Application of George Arquilla for fifty-seven percent

Gaming and	(57%) ownership of the Westerner Club.

Liquor Licenses

2.	LAS VEGAS VALLEY	Service in the City of Las Vegas

WATER DISTRICT

3.	CIVIL DEFENSE COMMITTEE

s/ C.D. BAKER_____________________

Mayor

8-20-58 & 8-27-58