USE PERMIT (U-24-58)	The Commission considered the application of the First Christian Church for a Use Permit

First Christian Church                 to construct a church on property located on the east side of Rancho Road', North of

Rancho Vista, legally described as a portion of the NE¼, NE¼, Section 32-20-61, in an R-1
Approved	zone.

Approval recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to the following conditions:

1.	The signing of an improvement agreement and posting of a bond for the installation
of off-site improvements as required by the Engineering Department.

2.	The dedication of 30' of right-of-way along the east boundary of the property and
dedication of 50' of right-of-way along the north line of the property.

3.	Conformance to the plot plan as amended.

City Manager Kennedy stated that the church should be advised that inasmuch as the building
is being erected on the back of the lot, it will be necessary for the church to provide
means of access until such time as the street is put in. Mr. Hillman Lee was present and
stated the church people were aware of this.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of the First Christian Church for a Use
Permit to construct a church on property located on the east side of Rancho Road, North of
Rancho Vista, legally described as a portion of the NE¼, NE¼, Section 32-20-61, in an R-1
zone, be approved subject to the submission of a letter agreeing to pay for the necessary
improvements at such time as they are required to be put in the area; the dedication of 30'
of the right-of-way along the east boundary of the property and dedication of 50' of right-
of-way along the north line of the property; and conformance to the plot plan as amended.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

WOMEN DEALER POLICY           Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated that the Commission would like to request the audience to be
Resolution Adopted	courteous and allow those women who wish to state their views regarding the question of

women dealers in the City of Las Vegas to do so without interruption. At this time the
Mayor Pro Tem asked anyone wishing to speak to step forward.

Betty Cotton:	I have been dealing cards here in Las	Vegas for	eleven years and I think

no more women	dealers should be allowed but that the	women who	have been dealing here should

be allowed to have their jobs.

Polly Carson:	I have been dealing in Las Vegas for ten years. I agree some men are out of

work due to women dealers. They are not going to replace girls with the men here tonight.

I do think we	should have a wage scale that would be	the same for women as for men —Reno	has

that. I have	worked with men who have received less	pay than	I did, due to seniority.	I

believe you can find this out if you investigate. What are these girls going to do? The
moral issue is ridiculous. The men who are not working would not be working regardless. The
Clubs on the Strip are all going to train and hire their own men and the old dealers will be
out anyway.

Connie Delaney:	I have been dealing in Las Vegas on and off for the last ten years. The

men have put in the objection saying that women have replaced them for a lower wage scale.

The way I see it, we did not replace any men — we were turned out and the men have replaced
us. We were not working for a lower wage scale. The wage scale is supposed to be $22.50
per day. There are quite a few working for a lot less. We start at $17.50 with chance for
a raise. I do not believe that is below scale. I do not believe that we did anything to
take the men's jobs away from them. We, too, are raising families without any help from
men. We deserve the right to work.

Urban Cisker:	You say about $22.50—what promises have you in regard to getting more?

Connie Delaney:	My income tax statements show I got more.

Urban Cisker:	Okay.

Jo Galster:	I know quite a few here and I would like to ask some questions. What is the

objection to the women working the clubs? That statement has not been clarified.

Eddie Draper:	We feel women dealers are against the welfare and economy of Las Vegas. We

do not want to have happen in Las Vegas what happened in Reno.

Jo Galster:	The majority of women working Las Vegas I believe have been working for some

years. I own my own home here. I have three kids. I don't have to work. My husband works
but I might have to go to work and I couldn't make enough money anywhere else. Women have
not lowered the wage scale. There isn't a club in town that hasn't broken in dealers at
eight and ten dollars a day. I have been dealing since 1947. Who does get below scale?

I don't understand why the women dealers were not notified of the first meeting. It seems
all the men showed up but only a couple of women were notified and we were not properly 
represented at that meeting.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple:	The meeting the other day was called by the men dealers. If the

ladies would ask for the same they would get it.

Jo Galster:	Are we refused the right to work?

Ruby Kent:	The girls did consult an attorney about appearing here tonight. I don't know

what happened but he didn't show up.

Connie Delaney:	The Nevada Club girls decided to get an attorney but after consulting an

an attorney were informed that even though he beat the case there would still be people who
would force them out of their jobs. We cannot afford a $1500.00 attorney's fee. As a matter
of fact we have already been laid off. We thought we might be able to reach a compromise
of some sort. We do not want an influx of women dealers. The ones who are here should not
be denied their right to work.

Rita Hansen: I have been dealing at the Las Vegas Club for the last three and one-half years
in which time I drew $22.50 per day, yet yesterday I was told I was unemployed because my
boss was told to take out all women dealers. The beef should be against those who would work
for less than scale of $22.50. All dealers should get together to keep the $22.50 scale.

11-5-58