BID NO. 55.11
Golf Course
Lavatories

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning
David Zenoff

Z-15-55



DOWNTOWN CIVIC &
SOCIAL CLUB
License

USE PERMIT
Max Kehn
U-10-55

BUILDING VIOLATION
106-112 VAN BUREN
Conversion

The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to receive sealed bids and publicly open
the same for the golf course lavatories and storage building, known as Bid No. 55.11.

Thereupon, all of said bids received were opened and are as follows:

George Miller	$ 6,461.00

Fazio Construction Company	5,102.00

C. W. Jorgenson	12,920.00

Vilmer Company	7,600.00	&	7,465.00

General Builders	5,817.00	&	5,527.00

Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
City Engineer for recommendation and report at the next regular meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of David Zenoff to
reclassify Lots 49, 54 and a portion of a lot in Block 6, Amended Plat of Noblitt Addition,
being the east half of Block 6 adjacent to Ogden, (Z-15-55, generally located between 23rd
and Flower Streets on the north side of Ogden, approved by the Planning Commission, the
matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor stated that no objections to this rezoning had been filed with the Board, and
none were voiced from the audience.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of David Zenoff to reclassify Lots 49, 54
and a portion of a lot in Block 6, Amended Plat of Noblitt Addition, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. George Harmon appeared before the Board at this time concerning the revocation of his
club liquor license of the Downtown Civic and Social Club, 126½ North 1st Street.

Mayor Baker stated that the Downtown Civic and Social Club had violated the city ordinance
in that they had served liquor to non-members on May 11, 26 and June 15, 1955, on a club
liquor license.

Mr. Ted Dotson, attorney for Mr. Harmon, asked the reconsideration of the Board and said
that in the future more care would be taken in observing the law.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the club liquor license of the Downtown Civic and Social Club
be suspended until July 6, 1955, at which time final action will be taken.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple stated that he would like further investigation of clubs holding this
type of liquor license.

At this time the Board considered the application of Max Kehn for a use permit to convert
an existing apartment building into a maximum of five medical and dental offices at 400-402
South 12th Street (Block 16, Lots 17 and 18, Pioneer Heights Addition).

Mr. Kehn asked that his application for a use permit be continued until the second regular
meeting of the Board in July.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Max Kehn for a use permit to convert an
existing apartment building into a maximum of five medical and dental offices at 400-402
South 12th Street be deferred until July 20, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

Mr. Joe McDonald appeared before the Board at this time on behalf of the Rose Holding
Corporation. He stated that the 10 unit apartment building at 106-112 Van Buren was being
converted into 4 units in compliance with the request of the Board, and would be completed
the first of the month.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the plan submitted by Joe McDonald for Rose Holding Corporation,
whereby the building constructed at 106-112 Van Buren will be converted to an acceptable
four unit structure, be approved and that the change to a structure which complies shall be
made within sixty days subject to a check of the plans and construction by the Building
Department; further that the City Attorney be instructed to hold the legal matter pending
against this corporation in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

6-15-55