Consideration was given at this time to the request of the United States Government for
the dedication of the following city-owned property in the vicinity of Nellis Air Force Base:

a)	Approximately 4.53 acres situate in the W½ of the NE¼ of Section 26, T19S, R62E,
MDM. This is known as NAFB, RE-D 5369a, B202 for which the Government will pay'
$200.00.

b)	Approximately 117 acres situate in Section 33, T19, R62E, MDM. This is known as
NAFB, RE-D 5722, B-149.

c)	Approximately 45 acres situate in Section 28, T19S, R62E, MDM. This is known as
NAFB, RE-D 5722, B-148.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that the aforementioned requests for deeding of City
property in Sections 26, 28 and 33, T19S, R62E to the United States Government be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign said deeds.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the deed from Carl Hyde to the City for a tract of land in the
W½ SW¼ of Section 31, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, for playground and park purposes in Hyde Park
area, said deed dated April 16, 1955.

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the following resolution was adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of May, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 16th day of April, 1955,
executed by Carl L. Hyde, a widower, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the
purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the right of way deed from Paul Hammel for land on Decatur
Boulevard for street purposes, said deed dated April 19, 1955.

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the following resolution was adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of May, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 19th day of April,

1955; executed by Paul A. Hammel to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the right of way deed from Desert Sales Corporation for land
on Highland Avenue for street purposes, deed dated April 5; 1955.

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the following resolution was adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of May, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 5th day of April,

1955; executed by Desert Sales Corporation to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the realignment of Westwood Drive, more particularly
the deeding of Westwood Drive to O. H. and Billie Nelson. The Commission was advised
that the original map of Westwood Park Tract No. 2 as recorded in Book 3 of Plats, page
71 in the Office of the Clark County Recorder indicated that this street was in a different
location than actually constructed. The Board was further advised that the constructed
Westwood Drive did conform with the requirements of the Commission and Engineering Depart-
ment.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the deed to O. H. and Billie Nelson to realign and
adjust a portion of the street system within the City, namely Westwood Drive in Westwood
Park Tract No. 2 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

5-4-55

DEED OF PROPERTY

U. S. A.

Section 28, 33; & 26

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEEDS

Hyde Park Playground

Decatur Boulevard
Paul Hammel

Highland Avenue
Desert Sales Corp.

DEED WESTWOOD DRIVE
Realignment
O. H. & Billie Nelson