ASSESSMENT DISTRICTS
Bonding Attorneys

SALARY INCREASES



roll was called with the following result: Those voting aye; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple
and Mayor Baker. Absent: Commissioner Sharp. Those voting nay; none.

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its
final passage.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and
as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Bunker seconded the motion. The question
being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the
following result:	Those voting aye; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and

Mayor Baker. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp. Those voting nay; none.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all commissioners having voted in
favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and
adopted, as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Whipple moved this ordinance be numbered 599-

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution directing that a public hearing
on the creation of Assessment District No. 100-2? be held April 12, 1954, be
adopted:

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements all as provided in Emergency Ordinance
No. 599, passed, adopted and approved this 31st day of March, 1954; and

WHEREAS, said Emergency Ordinance No. 599 discloses the intention and
determination of said Board of Commissioners to create said district and construct
said improvements by special assessment made according to frontage; and

WHEREAS, said Emergency Ordinance No. 599 provides a time certain for hearing
protests against said proposed improvements and directing that notice thereof be given
such time of the protest hearing being 8:00 o'clock P.M., on the 12th day of April,

1954.

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a special meeting thereof held on the 31st day of March, 1954, that the
City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby directed to
publish notice of said hearing once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas
Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk end Clerk of the Board of Commis-
sioners be and she hereby is directed to post notice of said hearing in at least
three public places near the site of the proposed work; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said notice shall be in substantially the form
attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 31st day of March, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the firm of Pershing, Bosworth, Dick & Dawson be
employed to submit an approving opinion on the bonds for the contemplated assessment
districts.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the following meritorious increases in salary, as
recommended by the Civil Service Board and the City Manager be approved:

NAME

P. A. Clark
Ray W. Cox
Legrand Harris
Leroy Mickelson
Elmer Albertson
Dirl Kinard
Marion J. Leavitt
Louis Mayorga
Donald K. Tullis
Joseph Wimberly
Andrew Dailey
William H. Schrup
Ruth Gould
Gilbert Herner
George Thompson
Ike Pullum
Clemon Walden
Paul Livingston
George Shannon
Robert Ruffin

DEPT

City Clerk

Engineering

Engineering

Engineering

Fire

Fire

Fire

Fire

Fire

Fire

Park

Park

Personnel

Police

Police

Sanitation

Sanitation

Street

Street

Street Lighting

SALARY

STEP

SCH

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.