SEWER IMPROVEMENT
PROGRAM

Schedules B & C
Payment to Contractor

AWARD OF BID NO. 54.20
Westside St. Lighting



VARIANCE APPLICATION
L. J. & Katie Abrahams
Deferred

USE PERMIT APPLICATION
Louise Snyder
Approved

OFF STREET PARKING LOT
B.H. Johnson Property

FIRE DEPARTMENT CAR
Bid Awarded

Director of Public Works, George E. Wade, recommended that payment be made to
George E. Miller Construction Co., Contractor on Schedules B & C of the Sewer Improvement
Program in the total amount of $52,275.19. Mr. Wade stated that this request for payment
had been checked and was in order.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Director of Public Works
be accepted and that payment to George E. Miller Construction Company in the total amount
of $52,275.19 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when
prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

At this time the Director of Public Works George Wade recommended that the low bid received
for the installation of improvements in the Westside Street Lighting Project of
Contractor H. F. Brewer in the total amount of $5,623.48 be accepted. Mr. Wade explained
that while Mr. Brewer's bid bond had not been properly countersigned by a resident agent
in the State of Nevada that the matter had been discussed with both the City Attorney
and Mr. Brewer and that the bond required by the Contract would be submitted in proper form.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that Bid No. 54.20 be awarded to Harry F. Brewer in the
total amount of $5,623.48 for the installation of improvements in the Westside Street Lighting
Project and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Jarrett,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration was given to the application of Lewis J. and Katie Abrahams for a variance
to construct and maintain an addition to an existing motel within six feet of the front
property line where twelve feet is required at 1919 Fremont.

Mr. Franklin Bills Director of Planning reported to the Board that since the meeting of July 7th
he had contacted the State Highway Department to ascertain their wishes insofar as the
setback is concerned on this street. Mr. Bills stated that Mr. Otis Wright was unable to
give him definite information in this regard until he has checked with Carson City.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that action on this application for variance be held in
abeyance until clearance from the State Highway Department has been received.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Mayor Baker stated that variations from the restrictions in matters of this kind when
property abuts on a State Highway should be cleared with the State Highway Department.

At this time the application of Louise Snyder for a use permit to conduct a dressmaking
establishment as a home occupation in her residence at 321 North Bruce Street, was
considered.

The Director of Planning reported that the Board of Adjustment had approved this application
providing that there is no architectural evidence of this use, no outside advertising, etc.
and that they felt that the same would not materially affect the neighborhood. He further
stated that the Board of Adjustment would like to recommend a time limit on this use permit.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this use permit be granted to Mrs. Louise Snyder, not
to exceed one year, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a recessed regular
meeting on the 9th day of July, 1954, having considered the application of Louise
Snyder for a use permit to conduct a dressmaking establishment as a home occupation at 321
North Bruce Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Louise Snyder for a
Use Permit to conduct a dressmaking establishment as a home occupation at 321 North Bruce
Street be approved not to exceed one year, and the inspection departments are authorized
to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

City Manager George Rounthwaite gave a report on the condition of negotiations with Mr. and
Mrs. B. H. Johnson and stated that they were willing to enter into a lease for their
property on the northwest corner of 4th and Ogden, said lease to be for a ten-year period, with
a ten-year option at a cost of $500.00 per month for the property and the existing building
thereon. Mr. Rounthwaite indicated that the proposed lease had been prepared and when it has
been submitted to and approved by the Johnsons that the same will be placed on the agenda.

The City Manager reported that he had received bids, as instructed for a car for the Fire
Department from the three standard makes of cars, namely, Ford, Chevrolet, and Plymoulh.

Mr. Rounthwaite stated that he had no recommendation on these bids, but would still like
to recommend that the bid of Desert Motors for a 1953 Desoto be accepted. Discussion
followed.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the bid of Desert Motors for the furnishing of a 1953
Desoto for the Fire Department in the total amount of $2,195*00 be accepted, and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

7-9-54