WESTERN LIQUOR STORE
WESTSIDE SHOPPING CENTER

WEST SIDE TAVERN
WHITE BUNNY ICE CREAM
WHITE CROSS DRUG STORE

WINGS CAFE
WITTWER CAFE
YOUR FAMILY MARKET

M.	C. Britton
Ellsworth E and
Helen Baker

D.M. & Mildred Martin
Clyde & V. Wilson
W. E. Ferron
Ted H. Brandt
Aurelia Scheer
Won Wing
Dan Mesheske

N.	L. Laubach

6	E. Charleston

1315 No. "D"

206 Wilson
517 So. 5th

201 Fremont
6 Fremont
720 No. Main
1109 Stewart

5	slots

3	slots

4	slots
4 slots

4	slots

3	slots

4	slots
3 slots

GAMING & LIQUOR LICENSE
Mike's Liquor Store

GAMING APPLICATION
Swinging Door Saloon

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional

new

(3rd Qtr)

(4th Qtr)

change of operator

CITY HALL ALTERATIONS
Proposed Extras

MOULON ROUGE
Building Permit



DAWSON PARK
Final Map

MOVEABLE BLEACHERS
Bid No. 54.25
Bid Awarded



CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Ludwig Safar

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Mikes Liquor Store, 106 Fremont Street
by Alfred Ripps for renewal of his cigarette license, general business license,

Retail Package (minature) liquor license, and 11 slot machines, be approved subject
to the following condition.

These licenses are issued to and pursuant to the order of the Court in the
Writ of Preliminary Injunction and is issued under protest thereof. The
licenses will be revoked promptly upon the dissolving of said injunction.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the Swinging Door Saloon be granted a conditional
liquor and gaming license (5 slot machines) to and including the appearance of Mr.

Jack Gilson at the regular meeting of the Board to be held October 20, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote;

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of M. H. Gordon for five additional
slot machines at Sallie's Liquor Store and Beer Bar, 2120 East Charleston for the
4th Quarter of 1954, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following new applications for gaming licenses be
approved:

RIB JOYNT	2110 S. 5th	Cardinal & Sullivan	3 slots

RED AND WHITE CAFE	801 So. 1st	Robert C. Brodine	3 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Fred C. Kersch & Eldon Lee for license
for 2 slot machines at the Commerce Drug Store, 302 E. Charleston for the 4th quarter
of 1954, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

George Wade, City Engineer, discussed proposed extras on the City Hall alteration with
the Commission. Mr. Wade suggested that the floors in the lobby be removed and repoured
prior to installing rubber tile; that the rostrum be moved into the new Council
Chambers; and that the pilars be firred and boxed in. It was decided to wait several
months on the floor for the lobby, that the moving of the rostrum would be done by
City Employees, and that the boxing in of the pilars would be delayed at this
time.

Mr. Thomas Foley, representing the Moulon Rouge was present to request the issuance of
a building permit for an auto court on the premises of the Moulon Rouge. Discussion was
held on the required set back and it was determined that it should be 66 feet.

Commissioner Bunker requested that the record show that he has done some work for Bisno
and Bisno and Jack Gollum.

At the hour of 9:50 Commissioner Bunker left the meeting.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Dawson Park, Tract No. 1 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye as well as Commissioner Whipple.
Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

At this time Mayor Baker left the meeting and Mayor Pro Tem Whipple took the chair.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager that the bid of
Wayne Iron Works for the installation of moveable bleachers for the Las Vegas
Recreation Center in total amount of $20,518.00 be accepted and the bid awarded to
this concern.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, and Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker and Mayor Baker.

At this time the claim of Mr. Ludwig Safar for damages received in a fall at 2nd and Lewis
was presented to the Board for consideration.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this matter be referred to the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp and Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker and Mayor Baker.

9-29-54