Mr. Perliter was asked for his recommendation

MR. PERLITER - My answer is this— if this suit will delay this pro-
ject a considerable length of time, then it is a
matter of balance; the first is the proposal for
$42,000.00. If you can continue, I would say to
fight. In regard to the information I have fur-
nished concerning borings, if it is wrong, and
there is no proof it's wrong; the very fact of
the point that the borings were in and I used
those borings to determine my $658,000.00 estimate
is proof, I should know how to figure on a unit
price basis.

If the project is going to be delayed an indefinite
number of months, that should be balanced against
$42,000.00 that is claimed. One other way to look
at it, and that is thie—the cost to the City of
$42,000.00 added to the $518,000.00 bid by Dixson
totals $560,000.00. That is not in line with the
average of all bids received— I still think the
City is saving approximately $100,000.00 of what
would be a legitimate price for the Sewer. As
far as my intent was concerned, I did my best— I
visited the project while the borings were going
on to see what progress was being made.

MR. JARRETT -	Do you feel you have any financial obligation to

the City for the mistakes you have made?

MR. PERLITER - I still do not have any proof on my borings.

MAYOR BAKER -	In the matter of a lawsuit, would you decide, or

is there a meeting ground where you would be
willing to negotiate to pay a portion of the
$42,000.00?

At this point the question on the reliability of Mr. Perliter's choice

of Contractor to perform the "borings" was raised.

MR. PERLITER - I do know there are two large companies in California

that do borings with their own force, and yet there
has been cases where a contractor has challenged
their borings. As this was explained, I got the in-
formation that the Contractor will always attack it
if he is in a spot. However, the cost to the tax-
payer is less than if we didn't have it. I do have
the recommendation of what the man gave me trans-
ferred into the borings.

Discussion was then held with City Engineer George Wade on the percentage

of the project completed to date on Schedules A, B and C of the Sewer

Improvement Program.

MAYOR BAKER -	I believe there should be some consideration made

by Perliter for the reasons stated— just for a
figure, in the neighborhood of $5,000.00, not to
argue, but to get a basis to work on.

MR. BUNKER -	I would be satisfied, myself.

MR. JARRETT -	I don't think it's enough.

MR. WHIPPLE -	To get back to the point, if we should tell Cannon

to stop negotiations, and we lose, what would be
your reaction?

MR. PERLITER -	I advise not to negotiate on a basis of what is

finished— to take it to Court.

MR. WHIPPLE -	Do you advise the City to go ahead and fight

through the Court:

MR. PERLITER - One point's got me worried, since one of the men

who made the borings cannot be located— his name
is Lawler. I could not foresee that this man was
going to disappear. If that man cannot be located,
it is, I understand, a vital factor toward the
settlement. Speaking for myself, I went to a
legitimate operator, George E. Miller— I did not
chisel around, and he said he could do it. I had
been working with him for two to two and a half
years, so I contracted with him to do this work.

MAYOR BAKER -	This was poor judgment on your part.

MR. BUNKER -	It is evident that you refuse to answer whether

we should fight or settle.

MR. PERLITER -	I will answer— if I was put up on a stand, my

answer would be "yes", and if asked if my allotted

5-13-54