CONTRACT

J. M. Weller-Architect
Westside Recreation Center

DRIVEWAY PERMIT

Safari Motel
2001 Fremont

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED

Van Buren
N Street

REZONING APPLICATION
Boulder City Broadcasting

Z-19-54



REZONING
So. 6th Street

REZONING

Hawkins & Wardie Add'n



VARIANCE APPLICATION
Katie & Louis Abrahams
Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the City Engineer recommended that the proposed contract with J. M. Weller, the
architect for the Westside Recreation Center be approved subject to the deletion of the travel
reimbursement clause and the addition of a cancellation clause which is acceptable to
both the City and Mr. Weller.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and
the proposed contract approved subject to the aforementioned changes and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time discussion was held on the request of Henry and Agnes Spizzerri for a driveway
permit to widen their driveway from 30 feet to 50 feet at the Safari Motel, 2001 Fremont.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this request for a driveway permit be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for street purposes
on Van Buren Avenue, executed by Kate Foster and dated the 13th day of July, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unanimously
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 21st day of July, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 13th day of July
1954 executed by Kate Foster to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes
and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for street purposes
on "N" Street dated the 13th day of July, 1954, executed by Kate Foster.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 21st day of July, 1954 by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 13th day of July, 1954,
executed by Kate Foster to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

The application of the Boulder City Broadcasting Co. for reclassification of a portion of the
SE¼ of the NE¼ of Section 26, T20S, R61E, MDB&M from R-1 to C-2 as approved by the Planning
Commission was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on this rezoning application be set
for August 18, 1954, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none

The recommendation of the Planning Commission that both sides of South 6th Street between
Clark and Bonneville be rezoned from R-, to R-3 was considered.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on this rezoning be set for August 18th,
1954 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission to rezone Lots 17 to 32, Block 4 and Lots 1 to 16
Block 5, Hawkins Addition; Lots 31 and 32, Block 1 and Lots 1 and 2, Block 6, Wardie
Addition from R-4 to C-2 was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on this rezoning be held August 18th,
1954, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Katie and Louis Abrahams for a Variance to construct and maintain an
addition within 6 feet of the front property line instead of 12 feet was considered by the
Board at this time.

Discussion was held and Commissioner Jarrett moved this application for a variance
be approved subject to the receipt of the letter of approval from the State Highway
Department and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular meeting held
this 21st day of July, 1954, having considered the application of Katie and Louis Abrahams
for a variance to construct and maintain an addition within 6 feet of the front property line
instead of 12 feet at 1919 Fremont; and

7-21-54