FIRE ALARM SYSTEM
Payment Approved

MOTORCYCLE PURCHASE
Police Department

ACCIDENT RELEASE
AGREEMENT
Robert F. Dula

CITY'S SECTIONAL

MAPS

TRUCK ORIGIN-DESTINATION
SURVEY

Claim Approved

CANVASS OF ELECTION
RETURNS

Candidates

City Manager George Rounthwaite and Fire Chief Gates at this time recommended that the
claim of Lembke-Clough and King for payment of $4,289.34 on the installation of the fire
alarm system on 5th and Carson Streets be approved. Mr. Rounthwaite reported that this
claim had been referred to him at the last meeting of the Commission for investigation
and recommendation and that he had found that it was in order.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted
and the claim of Lembke-Clough and King in the total amount of $4,289.34 be approved
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time City Manager George Rounthwaite requested permission to secure bids for two
motorcycles for the Police Department.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this request be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign a release of all
claims and agreement in consideration of $1,039.15 with the New Zealand Insurance Company
covering the Robert F. Dula accident at the intersection of Fremont and 12th Streets on
April 8, 1955, said claim covering Tony Montesano, Grace Montesano and Marlin M. Bray.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade requested permission to allow the State of Nevada
Tax Commission and the Clark County Assessor to make copies of the original sectional
maps on file in the Engineering Department.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be granted provided there is no cost incurred by
the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 City Manager Rounthwaite presented a claim from the State Highway Engineer in the amount
of $375.00 to cover the City's portion of the Las Vegas truck origin destination study
which was conducted during the period from January 16th and February 11, 1955. Mr.

Rounthwaite reported that the City had previously approved this survey and indicated that
it would be willing to pay one-fourth of the expenditure along with Clark County, Nevada
Motor Transport Association and the State Highway Department.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this claim of the State Highway Department in the
amount of $375.00 be approved and the warrant issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the canvass of ballots cast at the City Election held May 3,

1955 for the election of Mayor, a Commissioner 1st Class, a Commissioner 3rd Class, and a
Municipal Judge, the result of said canvass was found to be as follows:

The following errors were found by the Commission while conducting the canvass of the
official candidate ballots:

Precinct No. 4	- For Commissioner 3rd Class, Rex A. Jarrett received 34 votes

instead of 35.

Precinct No. 9 - For Mayor, Phil Partridge received 12 votes instead of 17.

Precinct No. 27 - For Commissioner 3rd Class, Dell Wade received 4 votes instead of 3.

Precinct No. 43 - For Commissioner 3rd Class, Stanley Hardy received 13 votes instead

of 15.

Precinct No. 45 - For Mayor, George E. Franklin Jr. received 38 votes instead of 59.

For Municipal Judge, S. George Gilson received 65 votes instead of
55.

Precinct No. 49A - For Mayor, C. D. Baker received 39 votes instead of 40.

FOR MAYOR

PRECINCT NO.	C. D. BAKER	GEORGE E. FRANKLIN, JR. PHILIP N. PARTRIDGE

5-11-55