Commissioner Whipple moved that the extension of the agreement with the Clark County
Humane Society for operation of the animal pound he approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer George Wade reported that two proposals were received regarding a lease
purchase plan for automotive equipment; one proposal from Cashman (GMC Truck Co. ) and
the other from Gaudin Motor Company (Ford). Analysis of the two proposals indicate
that Gaudin Motor Company is the low bidder at $1534.00 per vehicle, Cashman's bid
being $1560.37 per vehicle.

Mr. Wade requested that authorization be granted to purchase 18 vehicles, 9 of which
are replacements of present vehicles. The monthly payments would be between $50.00
and $69.70, the down payment being two monthly payments. At the present time the City
is paying approximately $675.00 a month for car rentals. This lease purchase contract
would be on a twenty four month's basis. Twelve of the vehicles would be pick-up
trucks and the other six business coupes.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and
that authorization be granted to purchase 18 vehicles for the City on the lease
purchase plan from Gaudin Motors.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commission-
ers Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the land use plan for the Bonanza Road
area, the matter was considered by the Board.	

Mr. Franklin Bills, Planning Director, stated that the map which he exhibited was not a
zoning plan, but that it was a general neighborhood plan for this particular area,
hoping that it will became the impetus of a land use plan for the entire city. While
not a zoning plan, it will probably have an effect on future zoning.

Mr. Bills indicated the following areas on the map:

Yellow - Low density residential

Orange - Medium density residential - Not R-E or R-4, possibly R-1
and R-2

Brown - High density residential - R-3 and R-4, including limited
Commercial zoning

Mr. Joe Hufford asked if this new plan would be laying the foundation for the City to
raise exhorbitant taxes.

Mayor Baker stated that Mr. Hufford was undoubtedly getting the city mixed up with
the county assessor. He explained that the City Charter had been changed so that the
assessments can be levied up to 100% of the assessed valuation of the property in
street or sewer improvement districts.

Mr. D. H. Hand said that he felt that this land use plan would lay the ground work for
future zoning without repeated applications for variances.

Mayor Baker stated that, having heard the recommendations of the Planning Director
and those present, he would like to entertain a motion to take this map under advisement
until September 7, 1955.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the land use map of the Bonanza Road area be taken under
advisement until the regular meeting on September 7, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. Frank McCully appeared before the Board to show cause why his contractor's
license should not be revoked. He said that he had signed a contract with Rose Holding
Corporation and that Mr. Davidson was superintendent of the building at 106-112 Van Buren.

He further stated that Mr. Alvin Rose had told him that a zone change was pending on the
property and that it would be zoned R-4. He stated that he had noticed on one of his
trips to the building that there were too many electric meters.

Mr. Joe McDonald appeared at the meeting on behalf of Mr. McCully.

Commissioner Sharp asked on whose authority the building was changed to ten units. Mr.
McCully said that Mr. Rose had explained to him that all inspections had been made and
that it was in order.

His Honor asked Mr. McCully if he felt any responsibility as a contractor, or if he
would conduct his business in the future in such a manner that it would be necessary
for him to appear before the Board again.

8-3-55

AGREEMENT EXTENSION
Clark County Humane
Society
Animal Pound

AUTOMOTIVE EQUIPMENT

PUBLIC HEARING
LAND USE PLAN
Bonanza Road Area

CONTRACTOR'S LICENSE
REVOCATION
Frank McCully