Commissioner Sharp moved that the request for 90 day extension be granted
subject to the following stipulations: that the property not be re-sold;
and that a 4 foot block wall be constructed on the south and west sides
of the 125 foot lot; and that curbs be put in and paving installed to meet
new paving on 25th Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

At this time the matter of the reclassification of city owned property in
Section 36, T20S, R61E, MDB&M from R-E to R-1 was considered by the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing on the rezoning of city owned
property in Section 36, T20S, R61E, MDB&M from R-E to R-1 be set for September
7, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application of V. Lane Dyer for Horace
Heidt, Shamrock Hotel, for reclassification of Lots 7 to 11, Block 3, Biltmore
Addition from R-1 to R-2, approved by the Planning Commission, and for reclassification
of Lots 1 to 11, Block 4, Biltmore Addition from R-1 to C-2, approved by the Planning
Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing be set for September 7, 1955, on the
applications of V. Lane Dyer for Horace Heidt, for reclassifications of Lots 7 to
11, Block 3; Biltmore Addition from R-1 to R-2 and Lots 1 to 11, Block 4, Biltmore
Addition, from R-1 to C-2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners
Bunker and Whipple.

Mr. Charles J. Lewis and his engineer, Mr. L. E. Tyson, appeared before the Commission
concerning their request to annex the NE¼, NW¼ and the S½, NW¼ and the N½ of SW¼ of Section
30, T20S, R62E, MDB&M. This petition for annexation was approved by the Planning
Commission.

The Commission asked Mr. Lewis if he would be willing to grant land to the School
Board. Mr Lewis indicated that he would grant 8 acres for a school site.

Discussion was held and Mr. Lewis was advised that the petition for annexation was not
in order due to the fact that one of the property owners had not signed the same. He
was requested to secure this signature; a letter from the Water Company as to whether
or not water would be available or the subdivider could provide his own wells; also
to provide an access street to the proposed subdivision. When all this information
has been secured the matter will be placed on the agenda of the next meeting of the
Commission on September 7, 1955.

At the hour of 9:15 P.M. the meeting recessed, reconvening at 9:30 P.M. with all
members present as of the opening session.

Mr. Franklin Bills presented the request of the Planning Commission for determination
of policy related to the requirement that subdividers dedicate land for school sites.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this matter be held in abeyance until a full Commission
is present, and recommended a meeting with the School Board and the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker
and Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Joseph Mosca for a new restaurant
beverage license for the Fifth Street Restaurant, 825 South 5th Street, for the third
quarter of 1955; he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker
and Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of James M. Odell for a new restaurant
beverage license for Prestini's Famous Foods, 812 W. Bonanza, for the third quarter of
1955; he denied until such time as one of the major owners has become eligible to be a
registered voter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker
and Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp stated that, knowing it is the policy not to take action on liquor
applications unless a full Board is present but knowing all the Commissioners are well
acquainted with Mr. Levy and his past operation of his business, he moved that the appli-
cation of Mr. Harry Levy for a transfer of his retail liquor miniature license for the
Market Spot, from 115 Carson Street to 616 West Bonanza Road, for the third quarter of
1955 he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker
and Whipple.

REZONING
R-E to R-1

V-23-55

REZONING

V. Lane Dyer
Z-25-55 and
Z-26-55

ANNEXATION

Chas. J. Lewis
and Walter DeCourcy

LAND DEDICATION
School Sites



LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New

Fifth Street
Restaurant

Prestini's Famous
Foods

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Change of Location

8-17-55