Commissioner Sharp requested that Mr. Cairns from Wells Cargo speak on the proposed
ordinance.

Mr. Cairns stated that Wells Cargo is very much in favor of this ordinance if all
contractors will abide by the regulations. He also mentioned that his company
would be glad to help enforce same if it is passed.

Commissioner Sharp then reported that he will have a further report for the next
meeting.

City Clerk, Shirley Ballinger; then requested the Board's decision on proper
notification to the public concerning hearings on variances; use permits; and
rezoning.

It was the decision of the Board that the public in the area should be notified by
mail by the City Clerk if notification not already sent to the public by the
Planning Commission.

Mr. Herb Jones appeared before the Board at this time with a petition that
South 3rd between Oakey and South 5th Streets and Wyoming between South 5th and
3rd Streets be closed. Mr. Jones stated that the Police Department had set up a
stop sign and the auto courts in this area are being forced out of business as
traffic is unable to enter this area.

The Board pointed out that this matter had been before the Commission in previous
meetings and the property owners had decided to have this top-sign placed in
this area.

Mayor Baker stated that this matter should be brought before the Traffic and
Parking Commission as well as the Planning Commission before it comes before
the Board of Commissioners.

Therefore this matter is held in abeyance until such time as the Traffic and
Parking Commission as well as the Planning Commission report on this district.

Mr. Laub and Mr. William Coulthard were present at this time representing the
Nevada Southern Gas Company to request deletion or amendment to the portion of
the Gas Frachise requiring isolation of a four-block area. Mr. Laub also
requested that the City adopt the American Standard Association Manuel as a
code.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the franchise with the Nevada Southern Gas
Company be amended to delete the isolation area requirement and a provision that iso-
lation districts mutually agreed upon by the City and the Gas Company substituted
in said agreement; further that the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign this
amendment when the same has been prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Jarrett; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

The City Clerk then read the Resolution on the new Tax Rate.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this resolution be adopted subject to the addition of
the amount of underestimate in the assessed valuation be included in this
resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS; the Mayor and Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has submitted
a proposed budget for the coming fiscal year based on a certain total valuation of
property with the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS; under the said proposed budget the City was to receive revenue based on a
tax rate of 96 cents per $100.00 assessed valuation of property within the City; and

WHEREAS; it now appears that the total valuation upon which taxes will be levied if
$7,883,925.00 less than the estimated valuation upon which the 96 cent rate was to
be levied;

WHEREAS; in order to receive sufficient revenue to properly operate; it is
necessary that the tax rate be increased throughout the County and correspondingly
for the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS; The proposed increase in the tax rate for the City of Las Vegas will result
in a rate of $1.05 of the total tax rate of $4.23 to be levied; and

WHEREAS; the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas feels that the
increase to $1.05 is necessary for said City, and in the public interest;

NOW; THEREFORE; BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas that the tax rate for the forthcoming year (fiscal) should be $1.05 per
$100.00 valuation of property within the City of Las Vegas based upon a total tax
rate of $4.23; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the County Assessor of Clark County; Nevada; be
requested to fix said rate for the City of Las Vegas at $1.05 per $100.00 of
valuation on the property within the City of Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Nevada Tax Commission be advised and requested to
make any necessary changes to conform any assessment rolls to the provisions
contained in this Resolution.

DATED:	September 13, 1954

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker
9-15-54



Standard Specs Ordinance

POLICY ON NOTIFICATION
CONCERNING VARIANCE; USE
PERMIT & REZONING

PETITION TO CLOSE SOUTH 3RD
BETWEEN OAKEY & SO. 5TH &
WYOMING BETWEEN SO 5TH &
3RD STREETS

GAS FRANCHISE
Nevada Southern Gas Co.

TAX RATE RESOLUTION