RONZONE'S STORE
Encroachment

REPLACEMENT OF TILE
Fremont Street

REQUEST FOR BIDS
Fertilizer
Golf Course

REQUEST FOR BIDS
Addition
Sewer Plant

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
QUITCLAIM DEED
Church of Jesus Christ
of Latter Day Saints



RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
OPTION

U. S. Government

INDIAN CAMP

North Main Street

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New

Mr. George Wade recommended that the proposed encroachment of Ronzone's Store Building
be denied.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the recommendation of the City Engineer on this
encroachment he accepted, and that this encroachment he denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

A request vas presented by Mr. Harry Brewer, contractor for the installation of traffic
signals, for payment of $528.10 for replacement of ceramic tile on the south side of
Fremont Street between 4th and 5th Streets.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this request he referred to the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

At this time the Board considered the request of the City Engineer to secure bids for
fertilizer and seed for the Golf Course.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the City Engineer's request he approved, and bids he opened
March 16, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

At this time the Board considered the request of the City Engineer to secure bids for an
addition to the sever plant.

Commissioner Bunker moved that bids for an addition to the sever plant he opened on March
21, 1955, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a quitclaim deed for the extension of
North 2nd Street, executed by Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, deed dated
February 2, 1955.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unanimously,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 2nd day of March, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 2nd day of
February, 1955, executed by Corporation of Presiding Bishop of the Church of Jesus Christ
of Latter Day Saints, a Utah corporation sole, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein he, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution he attached to said deed,
and that the same he recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution he filed in the records of this Board

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of an option for the purchase of city-
owned land by U. S. Government of 147.17 acres in Sections 28 and 33, T19S, R62E, MDB&M.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Government proposal for an option for to purchase this land

in the amount of two dollars ($2.00) be accepted and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to

sign the necessary papers.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

Mayor Baker presented a report of the Health Department on the condition of the Indian
Camp on North Main Street.

A discussion vas held, and the City Manager vas directed to contact Congressman Cliff
Young to see if something could he done about the condition that exists.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of the Adaven's Club by Franklin Mason,

505½ Jackson St., for a club liquor license he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Foxy's Delicatessen, 2421 South 5th Street,
by M. C. MacPeck, for a restaurant beverage license he denied because of questionable
responsibility of the applicant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

3-2-55