SECTION 16. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when collected, shall be
placed in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-23 Bond Interest and
Redemption Fund," and as such shall at all time constitute a sinking fund for and eemed specially
appropriated to the payment of the special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to be
hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered for the purpose of paying in part the cost or expense
of said improvements; and said fund shall be applied to payment for the improvements for which said
assessments were made, and shall not be used for any other purpose until said bonds and the interest
thereon is fully paid.

SECTION 17. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved, said Ex-officio
City Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-officio City Assessor, whose name
appears on said Assessment Roll, by United States of America mail, that an assessment has been levied
against said person and the designated property in said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-23,
and shall state therein when and where said assessment is due and payable.

SECTION 18. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this ordinance) heretofore
taken by the City of Las Vegas and the officers of said City, directed toward the paving, curbing and
guttering and otherwise improving of certain streets and parts of streets in the said Street Improvement
Assessment District No. 100-23, toward the creation of said District, and toward levying and effecting
special assessments to defray the entire cost thereof, be, and the same is, hereby ratified, approved
and confirmed.

SECTION 19. That all by-laws, order, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders
resolutions and ordinances, inconflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 20. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall,
for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the
remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections,
sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance, so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inappli-
cability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more
instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability or validity of this ordinance in
any other instances.

SECTION 21. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate
to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately
to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that
this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health, and safety.

SECTION 22. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and
this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 12th day of April, 1954

Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question
being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was celled with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Sharp
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple

Those voting "Nay":	None

Absent:	Mayor Baker

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed
and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Bunker and seconded by Commissioner Sharp, that all rules
of this Board which might prevent unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this
ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitt-
ing the final passage and adoption of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the
roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Sharp
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple

Those voting "Nay":	None

Absent:	Mayor Baker

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Bunker then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full
at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion,
and the question being upon the placing of said ordinance upon it s passage, the roll
was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Sharp
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple

Those voting "Nay"; None

Absent:	Mayor Baker

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final
passage.

Commissioner Bunker then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and as
an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion. The question being upon