Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 17, 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held this 17th day of August, 1955, was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.	D.	Baker

Commissioner	E.	W.	Fountain

Commissioner	Harris	P.	Sharp

City Manager	A.	H.	Kennedy

Assistant City Manager	Robert	W.	Notti

City Attorney	Howard	W.	Cannon

City Engineer	George	E.	Wade

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent: Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Reed	Whipple

This being the time set for the public hearing of the application for rezoning
from R-2 of Lots 1 to 6 in Block 1, Charleston Square No. 4 and Lot 1, Block 1,
Charleston Square No. 2, by Bernice Morris, Gloria B. and George L. Abrums, Jeanne
E. and Robert P. O'Donnell and Ruth Blake, the matter was considered by the Board.

This application was approved by the Planning Commission on July 14, 1955, subject
to installation of improvements by the applicants, in accordance with city standards
and specifications for Charleston Boulevard.

Mayor Baker stated that this property is on the south side of Charleston Boulevard ,
east of 15th Street, and will be improved by the installation of streeting lighting,
curbs, gutters and sidewalks.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced. Mayor Baker asked
the Clerk to note that no objections had been raised to this rezoning.

This being the time set for the public hearing of the application for rezoning from
R-1 to C-1 of the south 660 feet of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 4, T21S, R61E,

MDB&M by Dan H. Plunkett, Edward J. Barrick, Rex A. Jarrett and Sam Ziegman, the matter
was considered by the Board. This application was approved by the Planning Commission
on July 14, 1955, with the recommendation that it be changed from R-1 to a C-C zone.

His Honor stated that this property is north of San Francisco Street and west of the
railroad, and asked if there were any objections. None were voiced. He asked the
Clerk to make a note that no objections had been made to this rezoning.

This being the time set for the public hearing of the application for rezoning of a
portion of the SE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 21, T20S, R61E, MDB&M by L. Josephson and
V. C. Eachus, the matter was considered by the Board. This application was approved
by the Planning Commission subject to the acquisition by the City of rights-of-way in
accordance with the Master Plan of Streets and Highways.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. Members of the audience
asked if this property was near Tobin and Concord Streets in Vegas Heights. They were
advised that it was not.

Mrs. Robert Lundgren stated that she owns property close to the trailer area, and that
the land in between is undeveloped. She said that she feels that if the variance is
made and it is allocated for trailer space it would decrease the value of her property,
and that other people will not build residences near the trailer park. She further
stated that it will hinder the development of that area, and that the property owners
do not understand why a residential area such as this should be changed.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any other protestants present. The following persons
registered protests of this rezoning: Messrs. Jack Denning, 111 Hassell; Ernie Ringo,
411 Hassell; James Farris, 421 Hassell; Thos. G. Mahoney, 225 Hart; W. S. Walters,

215 Hart; Archie Wells, 329 Kinsella; John H. Clark, 1239 South 9th; D. H. Hand, 432
North 21st; Frank Randell, 308 Hart; J. L. Coffman, 704 La Salle; Mesdames Joann Randle,
308 Miller; Dorcas Nichols; Edna Rogers, 407 Kinsella; R. I. Brungler; H. A. Ray,

420 Hassell; V. W. Murphy; Chas. Woods, 415 Lawry; Dell Smith, 214½ Hassell; D. C.
Shaver, 204 Hart; Ruth Hill; LaVern Randell, 401 Hart; Ruby Planck, 406 Miller; E. N.
Sorenson, 427 Hart; Gertrude Stall, 300½ Hart; Thelma Swanner, 412 Hart; R. G. Ruffin,
422 Hassell; Messrs. A. E. Lichner; Claude W. Adams; R. A. Kildey; David Taylor,

417 Hart; and H. R. Wilson, 218 Balzar.

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning
Morris, Abrums,

O'Donnell & Blake

z-19-55

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning

Plunkett, Barrick,
Jarrett, Ziegman

Z-13-55

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning

Josephson & Eachus

z-20-55

8-17-55