The application of George Morgan to construct a swimming pool within the
50 foot front yard setback at 1100 Virginia City Avenue, Lot 1, Block 6,
Bonanza Village, as approved by the Board of Adjustments, was considered
at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of
Adjustment be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
in a regular meeting on the 5th day of May, 1954, having considered the
application of George Morgan for a variance to construct a swimming pool
within the 50 foot front yard setback at 1100 Virginia City Avenue; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Board of Adjustments
recommending approval of this application.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application
of George Morgan, V-31-54 as approved by the Board of Adjustments be and
the same is hereby granted and the inspection departments are authorized
to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The application of F. E. Searway for a variance application to construct
an office or wedding chapel in addition to 8 apartments which exist on
Lots 1 to 3, Block 28, CLVT, which is 303 Bridger, as denied by the Board
of Adjustments, was considered at this time.

Mr. Searway filed an appeal to the decision of the Board of Adjustments
on the denial of his variance application on May 3, 1954.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on this variance
application be set for June 2, 1954, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the Board considered the petition for vacation on Canosa
Avenue between 14th Street and Maryland Parkway.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on this petition
be set for June 16, 19%*

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The application of St. Anne's Catholic Church for a Use Permit to construct
a grammar school on Lots 1 to 5 and Lots 21 and 22 of Marycrest Estates
Subdivision, situated on the east side of Maryland Parkway between Bonita
and Canosa Avenue, as approved by the Board of Adjustment, was considered
by the Board at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this use permit application be
approved subject to the vacation of Canosa Street; and the following re-
solution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
in a regular meeting on the 5th day of May, 1954, having considered the
application of St. Anne's Catholic Church for a use permit to construct
a grammar school on Lots 1 to 5 and Lots 21 and 22 of Marycrest Estates
Subdivision; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Board of Adjustment
recommending approval of this application subject to the vacation of
Canosa Street.

NOW THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application
of St. Anne's Catholic Church, U-12-54, as approved by the Board of Adjust-
ment be and the same is hereby granted subject to the vacation of Canosa
Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, Commissioner Sharp. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The application of the First Methodist Church for a Use Permit to construct
a church on the northeast comer of 17th and Oakey, as approved by the
Board of Adjustment, was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Board of
Adjustment be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
in a regular meeting on the 5th day of May, 1954, having considered the
application of the First Methodist Church for a use permit to construct
a church on the northeast comer of 17th and Oakey; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Board of Adjustment
recommending approval of this application.

5-5-54

VARIANCE APPLICATION
George Morgan

V-31-54
Approved

VARIANCE APPLICATION
F. E. Searway
V-32-54

PETITION FOR VACATION
Canosa Avenue

USE PERMIT APPLICATION
St. Anne's Catholic

Church

U-12-54

Approved

USE PERMIT APPLICATION
First Methodist Church

U-11-54

Approved