HOUSING AUTHORITY
Appointments

RESOLUTION
Police Department

STORM DRAIN

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Locksmith

UNIFORM ALLOWANCE
Police Department

5-18-55

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated that he had received a letter from Herbert Gerson, Executive
Director of the Housing Authority, advising the Board that the terms of Mr. Archie C. Grant
and Mr. Clesse M. Turner as Commissioners of the Housing Authority will expire June 6, 1955.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. Archie C. Grant and Mr. Clesse M. Turner be reappointed
as Commissioners of the Housing Authority for a period of four years.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor
Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the City Attorney be requested to prepare an appropriate
resolution commending the Chief of Police and his department upon their diligence and
courage on May 17, 1955, in preventing the theft of $1,000,000.00 from the postal authorities;
further that a copy of this resolution be spread on the minutes of the Board.

WHEREAS, the Chief of Police and members of the Las Vegas Police Department have through
work and devotion to duty recently prevented an attempt to perpetrate a robbery of enormous
magnitude within the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, certain members of the Police Department volunteered to place themselves in a very
hazardous position, knowing full well the great personal risks involved; and

WHEREAS, the actions of said policemen went far beyond the line of duty, and evidenced
outstanding devotion to duty for the protection of the inhabitants and property of the people
of this City.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at a
regular meeting thereof, that the Chief of Police, and the members of the Police Department
are hereby commended and publicly thanked by the Board on behalf of the residents of this
City for their outstanding work and devotion to duty, and for their services far beyond the
call of duty.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be spread on the Minutes of the Meeting
of the Board of Commissioners and that a copy of said Resolution be forwarded to Chief A. H.
Kennedy of the Las Vegas Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor
Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

At this time Director of Public Works George E. Wade presented a request from the State
Highway Department that the City enter into an agreement concerning the diversion of storm waters
through the drainage system to be installed by the State. This storm drain is to be installed
along the proposed extension of Washington Avenue east of North 5th Street.

Discussion followed, and it was determined that the City should proceed immediately to secure
the right-of-way for the extension of Washington Avenue before any action be taken on the
request of the State Highway Department.

City Attorney, Howard W. Cannon, reported that he had received a request to prepare an ordinance
concerning the licensing and regulating of locksmiths. He requested advice as to whether or
not the Commission desired such an ordinance.

Mr. Cannon was requested to prepare this ordinance and present it to the Commission at its
next regular meeting.

At this time City Manager George Rounthwaite presented the recommendation of the Civil Service
Board of Trustees that the City provide uniform allowance to the Police Department to the
extent of a maximum of $120.00 a year per man. Mr. Rounthwaite recommended that this allowance
be administered by the Chief of Police.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Civil Service Board of Trustees
and the City Manager that the City provide uniform allowance to the Police Department to the
extent of a maximum of $120.00 a year per man, said funds to be administered by the Chief of
Police, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor
Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

There being no further business to come before the Commission at this time, Commissioner Jarrett
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Jarrett,
Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker and
Commissioner Bunker.