SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES



PUBLIC HEARING
REZONING
Milton Crane
Z-10-54
Denied



PUBLIC HEARING
REZONING

Stocks, Spizzere &
Gustafson
Z-13-54

PUBLIC HEARING
REZONING



Charles Ketcham
Z-5-54

PUBLIC HEARING
REZONING

Carpenter's Local -
#1780
Z-11-54

STREET NAME CHANGE
West Blvd. to
Decatur Blvd.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. $1987
to 52111 inclusive and $2113 to 52114 inclusive in the total amount of
$66,110.87 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye:
noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the minutes of May 3, 1954 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the appli-
cation of Milton Crane to rezone a portion of the North 16$ feet of the
N½ of the NW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 2, T21S, R61E, M.D.B.&M., lying
south of Charleston Boulevard between the Southern Nevada Power Company
Right of Way and Burnham Avenue, from R-1 to R-4, the matter was considered
by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. There were
no objections voiced. Discussion was held.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this application for rezoning be
denied until such time as the improvements have been started and a suf-
ficient bond is furnished for this subdivision.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye:
noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the appli-
cation of Messrs. Stocks, Spizzere and Gustafson for the rezoning of the
northeast 100 feet of that portion of the SW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 35,
T20S, R61E, from R-3 to C-2, the matter was considered by the Board.

Discussion was held and no action was taken on the matter at this time.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the appli-
cation of Charles Ketcham to rezone the NW¼ SE¼ Section 29, T20S, R61E,
from R-1 to R-4. and C-1, the matter was considered by the Board.

A petition was filed with the Board signed by approximately 48 property
owners protesting this rezoning.

His Honor asked if there were any other objections to this rezoning.

Mr. Carroll Heers appeared before the Board at this time stating he
thought the area already zoned commercial was sufficient for the needs
of the community.

Further discussion was held and no action was taken on the matter at this
time.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the appli-
cation of the Carpenter's Local - #1780 to rezone the NE¼SE¼ Section 29,
T20S, R61E, from R-1 to C-1, the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were other objections in addition to the petition
on file signed by approximately 48 property owners in the area protesting
this zone change.

Mr. Carroll Heers states it was his opinion that there was sufficient
area already zoned commercial.

Further discussion was held and no action was taken on the matter at this
time.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the street
name change from West Boulevard to Decatur Boulevard, the matter was con-
sidered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this proposed street name
change. There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the street name change be approved and
West Boulevard be changed to Decatur Boulevard and the following resolu-
tion adopted:

WHEREAS, there have been requests to rename WEST BOULEVARD, located
north of Charleston Boulevard; and

WHEREAS, the matter was referred to the City Planning Commission of
Las Vegas, Nevada; and

WHEREAS, the City Planning Commission of Las Vegas, Nevada, made its
recommendations to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
that the name of said street be changed after consideration thereof; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
set a public hearing on the proposed change of street name and gave notice
thereof as required by law, which public hearing was duly held on the 19th
day of May, 1954; and

WHEREAS, at said public hearing all persons were given an opportunity
to protest and be heard; and

$-19-54