BUILDING PERMIT
Moulon Rouge
Setback Provision

PROPOSED EXTENSION
OF TAVERN ZONE
Public Hearing Set

CONVENTION ATTENDANCE
Fire Chief

FIRE DEPARTMENT
Damaged Tanker
Truck

CITY HALL ALTERA-
TIONS
Architect

CONVENTION ATTENDANCE
Supervisor of Building
and Safety



PISTOL POLICE TEAM
To Attend Meet

on property bounded by Gass, 8th, 9th and East Charleston; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Planning Commission denying this
application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Edward J. Goodman
for a use permit to construct and maintain stroes and offices on property bounded by Gass,
8th, 9th and East Charleston be and the same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp stated that he was the architect on this proposed building.

Mr. Tom Foley and Mr. Will Max Schwartz appeared before the Board at this time to
request clarification on the wish of the Commission insofar as the setback requirement
for the proposed motel portion of the Moulon Rouge, 900 West Bonanza. It was
explained that the property to the west of the Moulon Rouge property has a setback of 50
feet while it is understood that the present requirement is for a 66½ foot setback.

Discussion followed by the Board, but no action was taken at this time.

At this time Commissioners Sharp and Whipple members of the committee to report on the
proposed extension of the zone where tavern liquor licenses are permitted discussed the
matter with the Board. They requested that a public hearing be held on this matter, and
the property owners notified.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing on this matter be held
September 15, 1954, at 8:00 P.M. and the property owners on South Main, North Main, and
from the intersection of Fremont and Charleston on the Boulder Highway south to the
City limits be notified.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

E George Rounthwaite, City Manager, recommended that Fire Chief Elmer Gates be given
permission to attend a convention of the Pacific Coast Intermountain Association of Fire
Chiefs in Long Beach, California; Mr. Rounthwaite stated that this convention would be
held August 23 through August 26, 1954, and recommended that Chief Gates be allowed
expenses of $75*00

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the City Manager be approved
and Chief Gates be granted permission to attend this convention with expenses of $75.00
allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the City Manager presented the release concerning damage done to the tanker
truck of the Fire Department, the same having been involved in an accident on July 4,

1954, at Main and Charleston. R. L. Greshman and Co., insurance adjusters indicated that
the insurance company was willing to settle this claim in the amount of' $2,134.18, and
Mr. Rounthwaite recommended that the City accept this settlement.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the settlement on the damaged tanker truck of the
Fire Department in the amount of $2,134.18 be accepted and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign the release.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. 

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Discussion was held on the contract the City has with Vernon Welborn, architect for the
alterations to the City Hall. Mr. Routhwaite reported that up to the present date,

$2000.00 had been paid to Mr. Welborn for his services. Commissioner Bunker moved
this matter be held in abeyance until a special meeting can be held to discuss with
Mr. Welborn his contract for the remodeling of City Hall.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager George Rounthwaite recommended that M. C. Long, Supervisor of Building and
Safety be granted permission to attend the Pacific Coast Building Officials Conference in
Denver, Colorado, October 5 to 8, 1954. Mr. Rounthwaite further recommended that Mr. Long
be allowed $80.00 plus travel expenses.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation be approved and Mr. Long be granted permission
to attend this convention on October 5 through 8, 1954, and that $80.00 plus travel
expenses be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager George Rounthwaite recommended that the request of Police Chief Kennedy to
send four members of the Police Pistol Team to a meeting in Reno. Nevada, on September 18
and 19, 1954, be approved. Chief Kennedy stated that this meet was being held by the
Nevada Peace Officers Association and he estimated it would cost approximately $200.00
to send the local team.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and that expenses of $200.00
be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

8-18-54