none has been replaced. Many of these houses are still in a state of continuing
settlement.

Following is a list of twelve houses describing present conditions:

2304 Beverly. No footing under porch posts. 2x4 with nails - should be 2x6
with bolts. No piers under bedroom floor girders. No collar ties. Four
braces missing.

2308 Beverly. No footing under porch posts. Ledges under carport roof not
anchored. 2x4 nailed under porch rafters - (should be 2x6 - with ½" bolts.)

No pier under bedroom floor girder. No collar ties. Four braces missing.

Workmen under this house five minutes.

2312 Beverly. No concrete foundation under porch slab. 2x4 - nails under
porch rafters should be 2x6 - bolts. Cinder block foundation - no grout.
Cinder block foundation 3 - 8x8x16. Should be concrete block poured solid.

No stringer piers under bedroom. House is still settling. New cracks. Plumbing
foundation O.K. No collar ties. Four braces each house.

2316 Beverly. No collar ties. Four braces missing. 3 course cinder block
stem wall. No grout. Sag 1" NE corner of house. Sag ½" center floor.

2320 Beverly. No collar ties. Four braces missing. This house has new cracks
showing up, and movement is increasing. Condition of this house - bad. There
has been no repair on this house.

2300 Beverly. No collar ties. Four braces missing 3 course cinder block stem
wall - no grout. Stringers (one) under this house. No piers under bedroom
girders.

2216 Beverly. No change at this house. Workmen under house fifteen minutes.

2208 Beverly. Window glass cracked. Walls crackes. Carpenters here 20 minutes.
One pier - two bricks on wood pad. This house settled 1" NW corner.

2204 Beverly. Stem wall - 3 - 8x8x16 cinder block. No grout. House cracked.
Detailed report made on previous inspection. No repair work done.

2200 Beverly. House sinking - 1" at NW corner. Cracked walls. Detailed report
made on previous inspection. No repair work done.

2120 Beverly. Hollow block stem wall. All walls cracked. Girders not up against
floor joist. Two stringers through house set on wood footing 2x6 in soft ground.

2112 Beverly. House cracked. Patched by Contractor. House plastered by owner.

NE corner sinking about 2". Piers - concrete block on 2x6 wood pads. 4" sag in
roof at ridge.

Mr. W.E. Loretta passed pictures around to the Commissioners, that were taken
in July, 1955, showing floor joists and under floor conditions.

His Honor asked if anyone had any statements to make regarding these conditions.

Mr. Lee Payne, 2304 Beverly Way, said that the SE corner of his bedroom had no
steel nor grout.

Mr. Dale Kemper, 2212 Beverly Way, said that he thought it was a disgrace to the
City of Las Vegas to let a contractor build such houses.

Messrs. Eldon Dotson, 2312 Van Patten; Fred Grafman, 2212 Van Patten and Edward L.
Gregory, 2301 Van Patten also protested the construction of their homes.

Mr. Stuart Griffith of 2112 Beverly Way said that nothing had been done to repair
his home except that timbers had been placed under the floors. He asked if this
contractor could be made to come back to correct these deficiencies.

His Honor said that this was a contractual matter between the people and Mr. Van
Patten.

Commissioner Fountain said that there was no reason why the City of Las Vegas
should have to allow this type of contracting, and moved that the contractor's
license of Mr. C. Van Patten dba Desert Development Company be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Bunker passed his vote stating that he felt Mr. Van Patten
might think he was prejudiced because he has a law suit pending against him.

8-3-55