RIGHT OF WAY DEED

Las Vegas Valley
Water District

YOUNG ELECTRIC COMPANY
Erect Neon Sign

HOUSE MOVING

James Harris

HEERS ASSOCIATES

3 Model Homes

USE PERMIT

Dr. J. Sorenson
U-16-55

VARIANCE

Elijah Pullens
V-14-55

Commissioner Sharp moved that plans and necessary steps he taken for the installation of
sidewalks on 5th Street from the intersection of South 5th and St. Louis to the edge of
Cashman Field, which is approximately 150 feet north of the intersection of Harris Street
and North 5th Street, for the reason that sidewalk construction is considered necessary
for the public benefit.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

City Engineer George Wade recommended that the City accept dedication of right-of-way from
the Las Vegas Valley Water District for the following property:

Parcel #1 - Sewer easements in Sections 30 & 31, T20S, R61E

Parcel #2 - Right-of-way on Charleston Boulevard in Section 31, T20S, R61E

Commissioner Sharp moved that this deed from the Las Vegas Valley Water District be
accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of May, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 3rd day of May, 1955,
executed by Las Vegas Valley Water District, a quasi-municipal corporation, to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Mr. William Loretta presented the request of Young Electric Company to erect a neon sign
in the alley behind the California Club, 101 Fremont Street. He said that the request
had been held in abeyance until the size of the sign had been submitted.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the request of Young Electric Company to erect a neon sign in
the alley behind the California Club, 101 Fremont Street, be approved, as long as this
installation complies with the requirements of the Building Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor
Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Mr. William Loretta presented the request of James Harris to move a two room residence from
307 Madison to the comer of Monroe and "I" Streets.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the request of James Harris to move a two room residence from
307 Madison to the comer of Monroe and "I" Streets be held in abeyance until June 1, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor
Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

At this time Mr. Loretta presented the request of Heers Associates for three additional model
homes for display purposes in Twin Lakes Subdivision, Tract No. 4, and recommended denial
on the basis that the tentative map has not been approved on this tract.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the request of Heers Associates for three additional model
homes for display purposes in Twin Lakes Subdivision, Tract No. 4 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor
Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration of the Board was given to the appeal filed by Dr. John Sorenson on the denial
of his application for a use permit to construct a building for medical offices and dispensary
on West Charleston between Shadow and Desert Lanes, as denied by the Commission on May 4, 1955.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the public hearing on the application of Dr. John Sorenson for
a use permit to construct a building for medical offices and dispensary on West Charleston
between Shadow and Desert Lanes be held at the regular meeting on June 15, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor
Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

At this time the Board considered the application of Elijah Pullens to rebuild or replace a
condemned building now used for commercial purposes on Lot 6, Block 12, Valley View Addition,
as continued by the Board of Commissioners for investigation on May 4, 1955*

Mr. Franklin Bills recommended that this application for a variance be denied.

5-18-55