ASSESSMENT DISTRICT #100-27
Payment - Tyson Engineering Co

RELEASE OF BOND
Ridgeview Tract Nos 5 & 6

PURCHASE OF GRAVEL

Wells Cargo, Inc.

PARTIAL PAYMENT
Ralph O Dixson

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED

Palomino Lane

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
Campbell Drive

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED

E Bonanza Road

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEEDS

Oakey Boulevard

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Commissioner Sharp moved the payment to Tyson Engineering Co. on
.Assessment District No. 100-27 in the amount of $2,672.70 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board decided to hold the release of the bond on Ridgeview Tract Nos. 5 & 6
in abeyance until the light fixtures had been painted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the proposal of Wells Cargo on gravel in the amount of
$5,406.54 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant
when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the partial payment to Ralph 0. Dixson Estate in the
amount of $10,280.70 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

A deed for street purposes was presented to the Board at this time for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of April, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
24th day of February, 1954, executed by Jack G. Woods and Vivian Woods and Raymond
C. Carson and Pauline J. Carson to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted for
the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Deeds for street purposes on Campbell Drive were presented to the Board at this time
for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, THIS 7th day of April, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds dated and
executed as follows:

a)	Kenneth and Mildred Searles, dated March 23, 1954

b)	Jack and Lottie Wollenzien
Al and Leona H. Wendelboe

Nevada Mortgage and Loan Co., dated March 31, 1954

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

A deed for street purposes on East Bonanza Road was presented at this time to the Board
for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carrie
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of April 1954, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 29th day of March, 1954, executed by

Las Vegas Grammar School District No. 12

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said deed and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Deeds for street purposes on Oakey Boulevard were presented at this time to the Board
for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of April, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds dated and
executed as follows: