ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-25

LEASE AGREEMENT
Parking Lot
General Parking, Inc.

BINGO GAMES

1)	5th	and	Charleston

2)	5th and Gass

3)	5th and Bridger

4)	5th and Carson

5)	5th and Fremont

6)	5th and Ogden

7)	5th and Stewart

8)	5th and Bonanza

Commissioner Whipple moved this agreement he approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon reported on his recent meeting with the State Highway Depart-
ment on the status of the improvement of 5th Street, which affects our Assessment District
No. 100-25. Mr. Cannon stated that when he talked with the State officials last week they
assured him they would be ready to accept bids before the first of the year; however, he
had contacted them yesterday and they find that they will not be able to ask for bids until
January 6, 1955. They suggested that the City request until January 20, 1955 for the
delivery of the bonds. Mr. Cannon said that he had called Mr. Manente concerning the ex-
tension of time, and Mr. Manente stated that he would let him know in a day or so.

Mr. Cannon said that he had heard that the State Highway Department were saying that the
City is delaying this improvement, and that is absolutely not correct; as of Thursday of
last week they had informed him that they would not have their plans ready by Monday.

Mr. Cannon reported that originally the State Highway Department said they would be ready
to secure bids by the first of November. They then set it up until the first of December,
and now are delaying it until January 6th.

A lease agreement with the General Parking, Inc. for leasing of the lot at 3rd and Ogden
was considered at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved this lease be approved subject to the correction to limit the
use to parking of vehicles only and the addition of a paragraph that the parking lot shall
be prepared and available for use within thirty (30) days, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Discussion was had on the operation of Bingo Games in the City.

Mr. Thomas Foley representing the Horseshoe Club appeared before the Board and requested
that this matter be submitted to a committee to work out the regulations and present to
the Commission for approval.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, Commissioner Jarrett
moved the meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 15, 1954

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held the 15th day of December, 1954, was
called to order by His Honor Mayor Baker at the hour of 7:40 P.M., with the following
members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris	P.	Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard	W.	Cannon

City Manager	George	H.	Rounthwaite

Asst. City Manager	R. W. Notti

Acting City Engineer	Victor Uehling

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

Absent:	City Engineer	G. E. Wade

Commissioner Sharp moved the Service and Material Warrants Nos. 773 to 909 in the total
amount of $174,720.75 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

12-15-54

SERVICE &

MATERIAL

WARRANTS