PAWNSHOP LICENSES

PAWNSHOP LICENSE
State Loan &
Jewelry Denied

DETECTIVE AGENCY

SOUTHERN NEVADA
TIMING ASSN.

Lease of Land

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Vagrancy

GARBAGE CONTRACTOR

PLANING & ZONING
Amendment

CONDEMNATION OF
"A" STREET

LEAVE OF ABSENCE
City Attorney

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Boulder Cab Company for two additional
taxicabs be held in abeyance for investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the application of Yellow Cab for nine replacement
taxicabs be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the following applications for renewal of pawnshop
licenses be approved:

THE HOCK SHOP	Virginia Fleury	119 South 1st

PIONEER JEWELRY & LOAN	J. H. Eckerson	120 South 1st

STONEY'S JEWELRY & LOAN	Jerry Fox & Alexander

Coblentz	126-128 South 1st

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Alexander Coblentz for a pawnshop license
for the State Loan and Jewelry, 104 Fremont Street, be denied and the money deposited for
license be refunded and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared,
in the amount of $427.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the following applications for renewal of detective agency
licenses be approved:

NEVADA DETECTIVE SERVICE	Glenn E. Bodell	900 South	5th

ANTHIS RECOVERY BUREAU	Norma T. Anthis	1000 June	Ave.

LAS VEGAS COLLECTION AGENCY	O. A. Kenna & Jack West 101 North	Main

PUBLIC SAFETY PATROL	Edward Darnell	509½ South 6th

GLOBE INVESTIGATION SERVICE	William E. Black	130 South	4th

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time members of the Southern Nevada Timing Association appeared before the Board to
request permission to lease a portion of City property near Nellis Air Force Base for
racing stock cars and "hot rods".

Commissioner Bunker moved that the lease of this property be approved for a five year period
at $1.00 per year, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the lease when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Jarrett and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed Vagrancy
Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Manager be instructed to notify the Southern Nevada
Disposal Company, garbage contractor for the City, that beginning January 1st and
continuing through June 30th, 1955; they will be required to pay the City 3% of their
gross, and that they pay the City the unpaid portion of the license fees for the period
from April 1, 1952 to June 30, 1953, in the amount of $2,629.40, and one half of the cost
of the audit of their accounts by Conway, Moe, Hibbs, and Funston; further that the City
will appoint one member, Southern Nevada Disposal Company will appoint one member, and the
businessmen will appoint one member as a committee to discuss and negotiate the adjustment
of rates of commercial establishments along Fremont Street generally.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the City Attorney be authorized to amend the Planning and
Zoning Ordinance to include the recommendations of the Planning Commission setting up a
T-1 and T-2 zone.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the City Attorney be given authority to appeal the decision
of the District Court which maintains that the condemnation proceedings of A Street cannot
be abandoned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the request of the City Attorney for a fifteen day leave
of absence commencing January 31, 1955, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

1-19-55