At this time the Director of Public Works presented petitions and requests for property
assessment district for street improvements on certain portions of 6th, 7th and Oakey
and sewer installations on Hastings and Tonopah Avenues.

Commissioner Sharp moved that these petitions and requests be accepted provided 51% of
the property owners have approved, and that the City Engineer be authorized to go ahead
with preliminary plans.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Director of Public Works presented the request of Mr. Joe Gordon for
relocation of the sewer easement on the north side of Charleston Boulevard between 15th
and 16th Streets, next to the property occupied by Lee's Paint Store.

Mr. David Coldwater appeared on behalf of Mr. Joe Gordon.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this matter be referred to the City Attorney and City
Engineer for solution of said problem and report on March 21, 1955.

Mr. George Wade requested permission to call for bids for the construction of the
Jefferson Avenue Pool Building.

Commissioner Sharp moved that bids for the construction of the Jefferson Avenue Pool
Building be opened on April 4, 1955, at 4:30 P.M., and awarded on April 6, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the application of Mr. Moe Taub for permission to conduct auction
sales of goods on a permanent basis from his warehouse just west of the underpass on
Charleston Boulevard.

Mr. Roger Foley appeared on behalf of Mr. Moe Taub.

Mr. Foley was informed by the Board that this ordinance was being considered for amendment
and the Commission would take the request of Mr. Taub under advisement. They further
requested that if Mr. Taub desires he may put in his application for a permit to conduct
an auction so that the same might be considered by the Commission at a special meeting
to be held March 30, 1955.

Mr. George Wade presented the matter of the oiling of North Shadow Lane and a portion of
25th Street. Discussion followed.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the City be authorized to join the County in the
improvement of a portion of North Shadow Lane in the estimated amount of $765.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. George Wade requested permission to call for bids for a fog machine, necessitating
an expenditure of approximately $2500.00. This request was granted by the Board.

Refrigeration in the inner offices of the City Hall was considered by the Board. Mr.

Wade was instructed to proceed with plans and obtain bids for this air conditioning.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a quitclaim deed from the Showboat
Corporation on Atlantic Boulevard, deed dated March 10, 1955 *

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, seconded by Commissioner Bunker and duly carried the
following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 16th day of March, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 10th day of
March, 1955, executed by the Showboat Corporation, to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

The Board considered at this time the request for moving of a house from D and Adams
Streets to 311 Madison Avenue.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this house moving from D and Adams Streets to 311 Madison
Avenue be approved in compliance with plans on file with the Building Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

3-16-55

PETITIONS FOR

ASSESSMENT DISTRICTS



SEWER EASEMENT
Mr. Joe Gordon

JEFFERSON AVE. 

POOL BUILDING
Bids to be
Received

AUCTION PERMIT 

Mr. Moe Taub

STREET IMPROVEMENT
Shadow Lane

FOG MACHINE

Request for Bids

CITY HALL

IMPROVEMENT

RESOLUTION

ACCEPTING R/W
Atlantic Blvd.

HOUSE MOVING

D & Adams to
311 Madison