URBAN REDEVELOPMENT

TWIN LAKES VILLAGE
Building Permit

1955 ST. SURVEY OF LAS
VEGAS AND CLARK COUNTY

ALLEY

Richard & Edith Clough

TAM TRACT ALLEY

STREET IMPROVEMENT & REPAIR
Bids Accepted— Equipment Rental

WESTLEIGH TRACT #3
Final Acceptance and Release
of Bond-- Approved.

HEERS SUBDIVISION #1
Final Acceptance & Release of
Bond— Approved



DESERT PARK NO. 3

Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Mayor Baker stated that the Commission had received a letter from the FHA'
in which they asked that a meeting be set between the Board and representatives
of the FHA to discuss new provisions of the Urban Redevelopment Program for
which Federal funds are available.

It was decided that the Board would meet with this group Tuesday, October 12,

1954, at 7:30 P.M.

The Board of Commissioners recessed at 9:40.

Meeting reconvened at 9:55 with all members present.

At this time Mr. Jones, representing Twin Lakes Village requested a building
permit to construct two model homes before filing final plan with all
utilities.

Commissioner Whipple moved this request be approved.

Seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner
Jarrett stated that he writes insurance for this concern.

Director of Public Works, George Wade, stated that this report was not ready
and that it be held in abeyance.

Mr. Wade requested permission for condemnation of alley south of Bonanza east
of Main Street and owned by Richard H. and Edith Clough.

The Commission felt that negotiations should be held with the Cloughs to see
if this property can be purchased.

George Wade, Director of Public Works, reported that Mr. Tam is willing to
donate 8 feet from the Tam Tract for an alley if 7 feet is given by the other
owners. However, as yet, nothing is definite.

At this time Director of Public Works, George Wade, presented a report on Street
 Improvement and Repair as well as the recommendation on the award of bids for
this street improvement as follows:

Certain streets need oiling as well as seal and chip, 25th Street, Campbell,
Palomino and Washington need penetration.

Eastern Avenue across from the Jubilee Tract, can be patched for $3500 by
the Ideal Asphalt Company.

McGovern, Bruce and North 5th can be repaired by the low bidder, Eachus for
$1330.

Eastern can be repaired for $2600.00 by Industrial Construction Company.

25th Street, Ogden and Harris can be repaired by Eachus for $2000.00
The City Dump can be repaired for $7900.

Agreement with County to provide crushing gravel for the streets at 60 cents
a yard.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Engineer proceed with the work as he
sees fit.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At this time the Board considered the request of Westleight Tract No. 3 for final
acceptance and release of bond.

Commissioner Bunker moved this be approved subject to the clearing up of alley
in Westleigh Tract no. 1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At this time the Board considered the request of Heers Subdivision No. 1 for
final acceptance and release of bond.

Commissioner Bunker moved this final acceptance and release of bond be
approved subject to submission of As-Built drawings in accordance with Section
J of the agreement.

Seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner
Jarrett stated that he writes insurance for this company.

At this time the Board considered the request of Desert Park No. 3 to
resubdivide Block 1 and Lots 1 and 2 of Block 2.

Commissioner Whipple moved this request be approved.

10-6-54