Change of Name



Change of Location

New Operator

JUVENILES IN PLACES
SERVING LIQUOR

Parking Meter Ordinance

CITY MANAGER REPORTS
Parking Lot-- 4th & Ogden

WATER BOARD MEETING

RACE TRACK

Sewer

VACANCIES —

Board of Adjustment

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting
aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the change of name on the following gaming licenses
for the fourth quarter of 1954 approved:

STANS RESTAURANT	Gus S. Andros	1525 Fremont 3 slots

STANS RESTAURANT	Ted Patton Music	1525 Fremont 1 slot

(Formerly Dairy Bar)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the change of location on the following gaming license
for the fourth quarter of 1954, be approved:

JACKPOT	O. O. Ressell	1324 South 5th 5 slots

(Formerly issued 222 Fremont)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the new operator on the following gaming license for
the fourth quarter of 1954 be approved:

D & D DRIVE INN	Floyd A. Davis	520 No. Main 2 slots

(Formerly issued C. R. Millhizer)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time discussion was held among the Board members over the City Ordinance
which states that if a juvenile is found in an establishment serving liquor, the
owner may only be prosecuted if there is proof that he knew the juveniles were there.

Commissioner Jarrett requested additional time before reporting on the proposed
amendment to the Parking Meter Ordinance.

George Rounthwaite, City Manager, reported that if no action is to be taken on
leasing the parking lot at 4th and Ogden, the Board must make a motion regarding the
placing of parking meters so that the City might start operating this lot.

Therefore Commissioner Whipple moved that the parking meters be placed in this lot
and operation to start as soon as possible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Rounthwaite stated that he and Mr. Cannon had attended a Water Board meeting in
which they found the cost per month for the City's water will be $836.95.

Therefore the City is looking into the possibility of using the two wells not
located in City Park.

The Race Track which will open soon will not be able to use the City Sewer System
without permission. Mr. Cannon will look over the old agreement with the race
track.

Commissioner Sharp moved that David McCoiy be appointed to take the place of the
vacancy caused by the leaving of Robert Schmutzer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, said meeting adjourned.

JIMMIE'S LIQUOR STORE
MONTE CARLO CAFE
RANDLES CAFE
RED X DRUG
WESTSIDE GROCERY

Millhizer & Horowitx
Millhizer & Horowitz
Millhizer & Horowitz
Millhizer & Horowitz
Millhizer & Horowitz

1312 F	3	slots

1600 South Main 2 slots
1331 North E 1 slot
l4l8 South 5th 3 slots
322 Madison 1 slot

10-6-54