Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPLICATION FOR
REZONING

Carpenter's Local # 1780
Charles Ketcham

Use Permits Approved

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 7, 1954

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada held this 7th day of June, 1954, was called to order at the hour of
4:15 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A.	Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris	P.	Sharp

City Manager	George	H.	Rounthwaite

Asst. City Mgr.	Robert	W.	Notti

Asst. City Atty Ralston O. Hawkins
City Engineer	George Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

This being the time heretofore set for the continuation of the public hearing
 on the application of Charles Ketcham for rezoning from R-1 to C-1 and R-4 of a
portion of the NW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 29, T20S, R71E, MDB&M, generally described
as that property on the east side of Tonopah Highway lying between Washington
Avenue and Bonanza Road; and the application of the Carpenter's local #1780 for
rezoning from R-1 to C-1 and C-2 of a portion of the NW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 29,
T20S, R61E, MDB&M, generally described as that property on the west side of the
Tonopah Highway, lying between Washington Avenue and Bonanza Road, being
approximately five acres more or less, the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked for a report from Commissioner Sharp on the meeting held with the
Planning Commission on June 4, 1954, concerning the policy to be followed on re-
zoning, variance and use permit applications.

Commissioner Sharp reported that it was the concensus of the Planning Commission
and members of the City Commission present at the aforementioned meeting not to
rezone any one of these areas, but to give the applicants a Use Permit for a
specific length of time so that the project can go ahead if the applicants
are acting in good faith. Commissioner Sharp further reported that a Use
Permit would expire if the proposed projects are not started within a certain
length of time and the property will then revert back to the original zoning.

He also stated that Use Permits allowed conditions to be imposed by the Commis-
sion which would be to the benefit of all concerned.

Thereafter His Honor asked if there were any objections to the granting of a Use
Permit to these two applicants.

Mr. Carol Heers representing the Twin Lakes Subdivision appeared before the
Board at this time and objected on the ground that in granting these Use Permits
for commercial use in this area, there would not be sufficient support for
two commercial zones. Mr. Heers was referring to a commercial zone previously
granted by the Board of Commissioners in his subdivision.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the applications of Charles Ketcham and the
Carpenter's Local #1780 for rezoning as above mentioned, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Charles J. Ketcham and Carpenter's Local #1780 be
granted a Use Permit for the following described property:

A portion of the NW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 29 T20S, R6IE, MDB&M,
generally described as that property on the east side of Tonopah
Highway lying between Washington Avenue and Bonanza Road; and a
portion of the NW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 29, T20S, R6IE, MDB&M,
generally described as that property on the west side of the
Tonopah Highway lying between Washington Avenue and Bonanza Road
being approximately five acres more or less.

subject to the following conditions:

1)	That agress roads be provided adjacent to and at 90°
angles to the center line of the Tonopah Highway
(Bonanza Road).

2)	That an access road of ample width, to be determined by

6-7-54