PAYROLL WARRANT
City Manager

CITY MANAGER
Resignation

CITY MANAGER
Appointment

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrant No. 3090 in the net amount of
$1,241.20 covering salary and all accrued vacation leave for George H. Rounthwaite
be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Sharp and Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the resignation of George H. Rounthwaite as City Manager
of the City be accepted effective as of this date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Sharp and Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved that A. H. Kennedy be appointed as City Manager at a
salary of $12,000.00 per year, effective June 10, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Sharp and Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the Commission at this time
Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Sharp and Whipple.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS

PAYROLL WARRANTS
MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning
Rancho Park Inc.

z-14-55

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 15, 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 15th day of June, 1955, was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Assistant City Manager	Robert W. Notti

Assistant City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Bunker moved the service and material warrants Nos. 3330 to 3357 and
3359 to 3456 and 3459 to 3478 inclusive in the total amount of $114,544.97 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the payroll for the period ending June 15th as certified by
the Comptroller to be the estimated sums required for such payments based on the current
salary status of persons employed by the City, in the sum of $60,000.00 be approved
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrants.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the minutes of May 25; June 1, 6, and 9, 1955; be
approved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Rancho Park Inc. to
reclassify the SE¼ of the NE¼ of Section 32, T20S, R61E, approved by the Planning
Commission, the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning from R-E to R-1. None
were voiced or filed.

6-9-55

6-15-55