 BID NO. 54.6 - Station
Wagon - Awarded

FINAL MAP -
Twin Lakes Village
Unit No. 1

FINAL MAP
Charleston Heights
Tract No. 1

DETECTIVE AGENCY

A & M Detective Asso-
ciation

PAWNSHOP LICENSE
Lucky Spot
John V. Lytle

BUSINESS LICENSES -

Extension of Time

Smith & Chandler
110 Fremont

John's Rooming Housee
103 Stewart

Mikes Liquor Store
106 Fremont

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Change of Location

Change of Owner



CIGARETTE LICENSE

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Renewals

Commissioner Jarrett moved the bid on the station wagon be awarded to Pat Clark
Pontiac for $2,299.04, because this vehicle is the most suitable to the needs of the
Recreation Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the final map of Twin Lakes Village, Unit No. 1.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this final map be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioner

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Jarrett
passed his vote, stating that he wrote the bond on this property.

At this time the Board considered the final map of Charleston Heights Tract No. 1.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this final map be approved subject to the receipt
of a letter stating that the right of way would be cleared up.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of Al Rupp and Miles Ledbetter for
a license to operate a detective agency, to be known as the A & M Detective Association
at 309½ South 3rd Street.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this application for a license to operate a
detective agency be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the application of John V. Lytle for a pawnbrokers license to
operate the Lucky Spot Pawnshop at 111 South 1st Street.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this application be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett.

Commissioner Whipple moved the license of Smith and Chandler at 110 Fremont, a
condemned building, be granted to run 90 days from the time the emergency ordinance
was passed, which will be June 10th, subject to the approval of the insurance company
on coverage for the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the matter of a business license for J. E. Irby,

John's Rooming House, 103 Stewart.

Mr. Malcolm Long, Building Inspector reported that Mr. Irby had not complied with
requests of the Health Department to install certain plumbing fixtures.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this application of J. E. Irby for a business
license be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Jarrett
passed his vote.

Commissioner Sharp moved the license of Mikes Liquor Store, 106 Fremont, a condemned
building be granted to run 90 days from the time the emergency ordinance became
effective, which will be June 10, 1954, subject to the approval of the insurance
company for coverage for the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of McKesson Liquor, 811 North Main, formerly
located at 729 North Main, for a Wholesale Liquor and Improters Beverage license for the
second quarter of 1954, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye, noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Cecil H. Murray for a Retail Liquor (Minature
license at the Sundown Liquor Store, formerly issued to W. B. Wells, 218 North Main for
the second quarter of 1954 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Cecil H. Murray at Sundown Liquor Store, 218
North Main for a license for the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products, be approved
.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for renewal of gaming licenses for
the second quarter of 1954 be approved in the same form and under the same conditions
as the previous quarter:

(SEE ATTACHED LIST)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners'

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.