VARIANCE APPLICATION
Dale H. Robinson
V-26-54
Denied

USE PERMIT AMPLIATION
Hershel Leverton
U-8-54
Approved

STREET NAME CHANGE
San Francisco Rd to
Sahara Road
Denied

STREET NAME CHANGE
Mayfair Place to
Mayfair Circle



TENTATIVE MAP
Berkeley Square Subdivision

REDUCTION OF SOLICITORS
LICENSE FEE

Miss Minnie Barry

HOUSEMOVING

Mrs. Goldsmith

HOUSEMOVING
T. L. Roberts

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Levis V. Meehan, V-25-54, as approved by the City Planning Commission, be and the
same is hereby granted and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the
necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Dale H. Robinson for a variance to construct 10 apartments on a
lot 6,500 square feet within 10 feet of the side yard on Lots 27 and 28, Block 5,

Meadows Addition, 126 Boston, as recommended by the Planning Commission, was con-
sidered by the Board at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission
be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a
regular meeting on the 7th day of April, 1954, having considered the application of
Dale H. Robinson for a variance to construct 10 apartments on a lot 6,500 square feet
within 10 feet of the said yard at 126 Boston; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Planning Commission
recommending denial of this application:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Dale H. Robinson, V-26-54, be and the same hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Hershel Leverton for a use permit to maintain a real estate office
at 118 Baltimore, as recommended by the Planning Commission be accepted and the follow-
ing resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a
regular meeting on the 7th day of April, 1954, having considered the application of
Hershel Leverton for a use permit to maintain a real estate office at 118 Baltimore;
and

The Board having considered the decision of the Planning Commission recom-
mending approval of this application:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Hershel Leverton, U-8-54, as approved by the City Planning Commission, be and
the same is hereby granted.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the street name change of San Francisco Road to
Sahara Road.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this street name change be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, Mayor Baker.

At this time the Board considered the street name change from Mayfair Place to
Mayfair Circle.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this street name change be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the tentative map of Berkeley Square Subdivision.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved to refer this tentative map back to the Planning
Commission; further that they consult with the Fire and Police Departments and the
School Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The meeting recessed at the hour of 9:30 P.M. The meeting reconvened at the hour of
9:50 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

At this time the Board considered the request of Miss Minnie Barry for the reduction
of solicitors license fee. Miss Barry peddles jewelry.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved to reduce the license fee to $5.00 for this quarter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the request of Mrs. Goldsmith to move a house from
917 Fremont Street to 1222 North "E" Street.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this request be approved subject to the trailer
and house on this property being removed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the request of Mr. T. L. Roberts to move a house
from the Repeater Station to Hastings Avenue.

Commissioner Sharp moved a public hearing be set for April 21, 1954 and the property
owners in the area be notified.