ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-23

Street Repair
Charleston Blvd.

SOLICITOR'S LICENSE
Reduction

ORDINANCE CHANGE
Mr. Nick Laubach

BONDS

Boettcher & Co.

APPRAISER'S LICENSE
Reduction

VARIANCE

Grant & Lelia Hardy
V-5-55

VARIANCE

Heers Associates

V-7-55

REZONING

O. W. Clark
Z-36-54

Director of Public Works George Wade at this time presented the proposed repair and
resurfacing of Charleston Boulevard, 2nd and 7th Streets. It was estimated that this
work will cost approximately $4800.00 and can be included as a change order on
Assessment District 100-23.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that this recommendation for change order on
Assessment District 100-23 for repair and resurfacing of Charleston Boulevard between
2nd and 7th Streets be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mrs. June Faulkner, of the World Book Encyclopedia, appeared before the Board at this
time to request a reduction in solicitor's licenses for her employees.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the Solicitor's licenses for Mrs. June Faulkner's
employees, Mrs. Della Schofield and Miss Elizabeth Whittlesea, be reduced.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Nick Laubach, who appeared before the Board requesting a change in the liquor licens-
ing ordinance, was advised by His Honor that this ordinance had been referred to a
committee for amendment. He asked Mr. Laubach to meet with Mr. Rounthwaite for
discussion of questions he had posed.

At this time the proposal of Boettcher and Company to act as fiscal agent for the City
on the sale of general obligation bonds was considered.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the proposal of Boettcher and Company be filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. John Replogle appeared before the Board to request a reduction of the appraiser's
license fee.

The Board informed Mr. Replogle that they would consider his request when a proposed
amendment to the licensing ordinance is prepared.

At this time the Board considered the application of Grant and Lelia Hardy to add a
dwelling in addition to two duplexes which exist at 513 North 13th Street, V-5-55,
continued from March 2, 1955.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted,
that this variance be denied, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED By the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 16th day of March, 1955; having considered the application of
Grant and Lelia Hardy to add a dwelling in addition to two duplexes which exist at 513
North 13th Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Grant and Lelia
Hardy to add a dwelling in addition to two duplexes which exist at 513 North 13th Street
be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of Heers Associates to construct a
cafe on Lot 1, Block 21, Twin Lakes Village #5, V-7-55; continued from March 2, 1955.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this application for a variance be referred to the Traffic
and Parking Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given at this time to the application of O. W. Clark for the reclassifi-
cation from R-1 and R-4 to R-4 and C-2 of his property generally located south of the
Clark Inn at Fremont and Bruce Streets, Z-36-54. This application for rezoning was
denied by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Bunker moved a public hearing be held April 6, 1955; on the application of

O.	W. Clark for the reclassification from R-1 and R-4 to R-4 and C-2 of his property
generally located south of the Clark Inn at Fremont and Bruce Streets.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

3-16-55