Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Clerk be authorized to commence publication
of notice to bid for installation of improvements in Assessment District 100-25, and
the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken steps to create
certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency Ordinance No. 597, passed;
adopted and approved the 17th day of March, 1954, and

WHEREAS, the State of Nevada by and through its State Highway Department is concurrently
entering into an improvement program along that certain state highway in the City of
Las Vegas known as Fifth Street; which said street is included within the area to be
improved as set forth in the above mentioned ordinance; and

WHEREAS, it appears to the Board of City Commissioners that a considerable saving of
public funds can be realized by the awarding of the bids to the City of Las Vegas for
said improvement district concurrently with the bids of said State Highway Department as
a joint award; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City Clerk to advertise for
construction bids all in accordance with the proceedings heretofore taken to construct
said improvements by special assessment;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
at a regular meeting thereof held on the 5th bay of January, 1955, that the City Clerk
and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby directed to publish notice
that the Board of Commissioners, jointly with the Nevada State Highway Department will
receive bids for furnishing of labor, material, transportation and service for improve-
ments of certain streets and parts of streets in Special Assessment District No. 100-25,
as created by Emergency Ordinance No. 597, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, said bids
to be submitted to the City of Las Vegas at the Las Vegas City Hall and the Nevada State
Highway Department at Carson City, Nevada, on or before the 20th day of January, 1955,
at which time said bids will be opened;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be
and she is hereby directed to publish notice of the receipt of bids for said construction
by publication in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas
for ten (10) consecutive issues, and by publication in the Reno Evening Gazette; a
daily newspaper of general circulation throughout the State for ten (10) consecutive
issues.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be
directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said construction will be received
until 1:00 o'clock P.M., January 20; 1955; at which time said bids will be opened and
awarded jointly with the bids of the State of Nevada for the improvements of Fifth
Street in the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice shall be in substantially the form attached to
this resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 5th day of January, 1955.

BIDS WANTED FOR HIGHWAY
IMPROVEMENT
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS

Sealed proposals will be received by the undersigned until and opened at 1:30 P.M.,
January 20; 1955; for the construction of a portion of the State Highway System in
Clark County; Fifty Street from Oakey Boulevard in Las Vegas to a junction of Main Street
in North Las Vegas, a length of 2.980 miles; including a portion of a street lighting
system on Fifth Street for the City of Las Vegas known as Special Assessment District
No. 100-25.

The minimum wage to be paid on this contract shall be as follows: $2.10 per hour for
unskilled employees; $2.21 per hour for intermediate grade employees; and $2.34 per
hour for skilled employees.

The Nevada State Employment Office located at Las VegaS; Nevada; is the local agency
designated to prepare the employment lists.

Plans and specifications may be examined at the office of the undersigned; the Highway
Department Division Offices at Reno and Las VegaS; Nevada; the office of the City Clerk;
City Hall; City of Las Vegas; and the Division Office of the Bureau of Public Roads,

Room 102; Old Mint Building, 5th and Mission Streets; San Francisco 3, California; the
Associated General Contractors of America, 707 Architects Bldg., Los Angeles, California;
Boise Hotel, Boise, Idaho; 430 S. Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah; and Security
National Bank Bldg., 180 West First Street, Reno, Nevada. Plans, form of proposal,
contract and specifications may be secured by prequalified bidders through the office of
the undersigned. A deposit of ten dollars is required for each copy of the plans with
proposal form, five dollars of which will be refunded upon return of the plans in good
condition, within fifteen days after the opening of bids. Bids must be on the proposal
form of the Highway Department and must be accompanied by a bid bond, a certified check,
a cashier's check, or cash in the amount of five percent of bid.

Right is reserved to reject any or all bids.

1-5-55

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-25
Notice to Bidders