ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, was read in full to
the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the above entitled Emergency Ordinance
No. 608 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye: noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time,
Commissioner Jarrett moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

5-3-54



PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning

Anthony Magrini

MOTELS -

Compliance with

Ordinance Nos.
568 and 594

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 5, 1954

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held this $th day of May, was called to order at the hour of 7:50
P.M. by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris	P.	Sharp

City Attorney	Howard	W.	Cannon

City Manager	George	H.	Rounthwaite

Asst. City Manager	Robert	W.	Notti

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner Bunker moved payroll Warrants #4786 thru #5612 in the net amount
of $51,964.74 be approved and the Mayor Pro Tem and Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved Service and Material Warrants #51802 to #51982
inclusive in the total amount of $74,858.89 be approved and the Mayor
Pro Tem and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye: noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The minutes of April 21, 23 and 26, 1954 were held in abeyance.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application
of Anthony Magrini to rezone a portion of the N½ of the SE¼ of Section 27,
T20S, R61E, located West of $th Street and south of Washington Avenue from
R-1 to R-4, the matter was considered by the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this public hearing be reset for June
2, 1954, as the Notice of Public Hearing was incorrectly advertised as
Section 20, instead of Section 27.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time heretofore set for certain motel owners to appear
before the Board of Commissioners to show cause why their licenses should
not be revoked for failing to comply with Ordinance Nos. 568 and 594, the
following persons were present:

Mr. Charles Vaile, Las Gables Auto Court

Mr. O. W. Clark, Clark Inn

Mr. Kenneth Foster, Las Vegas Motel

Mr. Charles Vaile spoke to the Commission stating that it was his under-
standing that Ordinance No. $68 was adopted to stop "gouging" but did not
understand why he was doing wrong if he charged less for a room than his
posted rate.

Further discussion was had, and Mr. Tim Knellner appeared before the
Board on behalf of Mr. Vaile. Mr. Knollner stated that he could vouch
for Mr. Vaile and for the fact that he had done no fraudulent advertising.

It was brought out in the discussion with the Commission that the present
Board of Directors of the Las Vegas Motel Association had received no
approval from the Association to sign complaints against various motel
operators reportedly violating the ordinance concerning the advertising
of motel rates, and that members of the Board of Directors of said Asso-

5-5-54