PUBLIC HEARING

H. F. Ahmanson

PUBLIC HEARING
Swinging Door Saloon
Mr. Jack Gilson

SOUTHERN NEVADA DISPOSAL
COMPANY

USE PERMIT

W. R. Husband.

Public Hearing Set

PETITION FOR ANNEXATION
C. L. Whitchurch
S½, Sec. 35, T20S, R60E

VARIANCE

W. S. Robinson
Carport

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker made an additional motion that this matter be referred to the Planning
Commission for their consideration and recommendation on the application for rezoning to
R-4 and that the Planning Commission should hold a Public Hearing on this matter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Jarrett stated that he felt the Planning Commission should consider this
application very carefully and decide whether R-2, R-3, or R-4 zoning would be more
beneficial to this area; however, Commissioner Jarrett stood by the original motion.

This being the time heretofore set to continue the Public Hearing on the rezoning from
R-3 to C-2 of the property of H. F. Ahmanson, SE¼ SE¼ SE¼ of Section 35, the Mayor asked
if there were any new developments.

Franklin Bills, Planning Director, stated that while there were no official changes, there
was an unofficial change in the status of this matter. A letter has been received from
the State Highway Commission, Traffic Division, stating that they will hold a meeting with
the Traffic and Planning Commission and a plan of their engineering for this intersection
will be submitted to the City.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this Public Hearing be continued until the next meeting.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

At this time Mr. Claiborne, Mr. Jack Gilson and Mr. Leo Gilson appeared before the Board.

Mayor Baker stated that they had been called before the Board because of a police report
on their establishment in which the following matters were brought to light:	One, the

sale of liquor to people already under the influence; two, the serving of liquor by
bartenders drinking to excess themselves; three, woman employees drinking with customers;
four, uncooperative attitude toward the Police Department.

Mr. Claiborne, representing Mr. Gilson, stated there was no animosity toward the Police
Department; however, Mr. Gilson had felt at one time that his establishment was being
singled out by the Police. Later Mr. Gilson learned that all places in this area were
receiving the same treatment as it was just a general enforcement operation of the Police
Department.

Mr. Jack Gilson speaking as the owner of the Swinging Door Saloon stated that he did not
allow bartenders to drink while working and that he had fired several in the past for this
offense. He also stated that he had been away at the time the Police Department reported
a waitress drinking with a customer. However, his brother informed him that this was a
new girl who was not aware of the policies of the Swinging Door.

Commissioner Jarrett then asked if there was a City Ordinance forbidding employees to
drink while working.

Chief Kennedy stated that there was such an ordinance which stated that owners and
employees could not work in an establishment while drinking; however, it was the policy
of the Police Department not to enforce this unless a person was drinking to excess.

Mayor Baker stated that similar cases had been brought before the Commission in the past
and that upon a second offense, it was the policy of the Commission to rescind liquor
licenses, and that he sincerely hoped this matter would never come before the Board again.

The report on the Southern Nevada Disposal Company was continued until a later meeting.

At this time the Board considered the appeal by W. R. Husband of the denial of his
application for a Use Permit to store tile at 2222 West Bonanza Road.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that a Public Hearing be set for November 17, 1954.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the petition for annexation of S½ of Section 35,

T20S, R60E by C. L. Whitchurch. The Board stated that a survey of the sewers must be
taken to see if this subdivision can be served before any action is taken by the Board.

At this time the Board considered the application of W. S Robinson for a Variance to
build a carport at 525 Park Paseo; this matter was continued from the October 6th meeting.

The Building Department had been requested to submit the building permit for this carport;
however, the plans have as yet not been found. The Building Department stated that the
contractor had not been licensed at the time the permit was issued.

Mr. Thomas Foley representing Mr. Robinson stated that as a permit had been issued and
the contractor licensed, he did not believe the Board should decide that this carport
should be removed even though it was against City Ordinances.

Planning Director Franklin Bills stated that the Board of Adjustment's recommendation

was that this variance be denied due to the fact that if any building was allowed to exist

which was not in accordance with the City Ordinance, said ordinance would soon be worthless.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that this variance be denied in accordance with the recommendation
of the Board of Adjustment.

Discussion followed among the Board members in which it was stated that the carport's
roof overhangs on City property one foot.

10-20-54