Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the City Manager he instructed to write a
letter to Mr. Gordon advising him of the cost involved in the relocation of this
easement and the City's position in this regard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The request of Excell Barren for a permit to move a house from 1010 West Bonanza to
1020 Jackson Street was considered. Supervisor of Building and Safety, Mr. Loretta,
reported that there was a petition on file in favor of the moving of this building.

He also submitted pictures of the structure, along with plans on file with the Building
Department.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced or on file.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the request of Excell Barren to move the house
now located at 1010 W. Bonanza to 1020 Jackson Avenue be approved in accordance with the
plans on file.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the temporary alley closure of the portion of the east-west alley
between North 2nd and North 3rd Streets behind the 2nd & Fremont Hotel.

Mr. L. 0. Hawkins, representing Mr. Al Rose, owner and operator of the El Patio Hotel on
North 2nd Street, appeared at this time and requested that a public hearing be held on
this matter. Mr. Hawkins stated that Mr. Rose's parking area for his hotel was accessible
through this alley, and that a closure was detrimental to his business.

Mr. O'Melvaney representing Robert McKee, contractor for the pouring of the cement which
requires this temporary alley closure, was also present along with Mr. Louis Wiener,
attorney for the owners of this new hotel.

Considerable discussion followed and it was determined that a committee composed of two
members of the Commission, the protestant Mr. Rose and his attorney, and the representative
of the Fremont Hotel and their attorney should meet March 22, 1955 at 4:30 P.M. to work
out a solution to this problem. It was the concensus of all that the solution worked out
by the aforementioned committee would be final.

Thereafter Mayor Baker appointed Commissioners Sharp and Whipple as members of this
committee. It was the further request that the department heads from the City who are
concerned in this matter be present at the meeting.

At this time the Director of Public Works George E. Wade presented to the Commission the
tabulation on the bids opened on March 2, 1955; and made the following recommendations:

Bid No. 55.02	Gasoline	Tidewater Associated

Bid No.	55.03	Tires & Tubes	Del Barkhuff

Richfield Truck
Service (Armstrong)

Bid No.	55.04	Batteries	Bob Coffin

Bid No.	55.05	Diesel Oil

Stove Oils	Flinco Inc.

Bid No.	55*06	Seed	Garden Center

Bid No.	55*07	Fertilizer	Garden Center

Mr. Wade reported that all these bids had been tabulated and checked and these were the
lowest bidders that met the specifications required by the City.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Director of Public Works
be accepted and Bid Nos. 55.02 through 55.07 he awarded to the low bidders listed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Director of Public Works George Wade made a report to the Commission on the replacement
and repair of the paving on Charleston Boulevard between 2nd and 7th Streets. Mr. Wade
stated that Fisher Construction Company, contractor for the Las Vegas Valley Water District,
has sublet this replacement and repair to Wells Cargo. He further stated that Wells Cargo
had started this work as of this date and the intersecting crossings on Charleston
would be cleared by March 23; and this phase of the job will be completed by April 10,

1955.

The City Manager and Director of Public Works requested permission to negotiate with
Tanner Motor Tours concerning the agreement the City has for the rental of vehicles, with
the possibility of discontinuing this practice. Permission was granted.

At the hour of 9:10 P.M. Commissioner Whipple left the meeting.

3-21-55

HOUSE MOVING
Excell Barren

TEMPORARY ALLEY
CLOSURE

2nd & Fremont Hotel

BID NO. 55.02 thru
55.07

PAVING REPLACEMENT
Charleston Blvd.
2nd to 7th Sts.

CITY VEHICLE RENTAL