ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned, Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager and City Attorney of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

C. D. Baker	Howard W. Cannon_____

Harris P. Sharp	Rex A. Jarrett

Wendell Bunker_____	George Rounthwaite

Reed Whipple_______ R. W. Notti

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 22, 1954

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
this 22nd day of July, 1954, was called to order at the hour of 4:10 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	George Rounthwaite

Asst. City Manager	R. W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

At this time Mr. George Arquilla and his attorney Mr. Art Ham, Jr., appeared before the
Board to request the reinstatement of the gaming license of the California Club.

Discussion followed.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the license of the California Club be reinstated
under	the	name	of	George Arquilla, as the sole man	responsible for	the operation of the

Club,	provided	sufficient evidence is given the Chief	of Police on	the following matters:

1.	That arrangements for payment of the money due Sam Bratt be
made entirely with Walter Parman.

2.	That Mr. Arquilla's note be directly with Walter Parman, and no
one else.

3. That Walter Parman be out of the California Club.

4. That the bank roll is sufficient to run the businesses and carry
through until the end of the quarter, that the matter be
straightened out by the end	of	September or	it will come up again.

5. That the management must be	by	someone that	is familiar with the

gaming business, and his name submitted to the Chief of Police.

6. That Mr. Parman's name be removed from the license of the California
Club.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker.

There being no further business to come before the Board, this special meeting adjourned.

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 4, 1954

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
this 4th day of August, 1954, was called to order at the hour of 7:15 P.M. in the Mayor's
Office by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex. A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	George H. Rounthwaite

Asst. City Mgr.	R. W. Notti

Acting City Eng.	Victor B. Uehling

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Also present were Messrs. Ketcham, Sellman, Nugent. Schwartz, and Hibbs.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the following Resolution be adopted:

7-22-54

GAMING LICENSE
California Club
Reinstated