PROPOSED SITE
Prison Farm and
Dog Pound

GAS FRANCHISE



GAMING APPLICATION
Add'n Partners & Machines

The Westerner

NAVAL ARMORY LEASE
Modification

Resolutions Accepting
R/W Deeds



Washington Avenue

Streets in Section
26, T20S, R61E



WASHINGTON AVENUE

At this time Chief A. H. Kennedy and City Engineer George Wade discussed the
proposed site for a Prison Farm and the relocation of the Dog Pound on City
property located in Section 25, T20S, R61E. It was brought out that the Police
Department would like permission to move the Wildcat Lair Building to this
location to be used in conjunction with the Prison Farm. No specific action was
taken by the Board at this time.

Mr. Alvin Wartmen, representing the Nevada Southern Gas Company in their
request for transfer of the franchise now held by the Las Vegas Gas Company,
appeared before the Board at this time. Mr. Wartman explained that the Nevada
Southern Gas Company was desirous of securing this transfer as soon as possible
since the time limit for securing the necessary financing for the new company would
expire on August 31, 1954. The Board advised Mr. Wartman that the City Attorney
would have to prepare the necessary papers and that a special meeting would be held
in this regard on August, 24, 1954.

The Board considered the application of the Westerner, 23 Fremont, for license for
18 additional slot machines and the addition of the following new partners:

John P. Ryan	Joseph L. Sylvester	R. L. Graves

John Haines	Henry C. Sylvester	Charles R. Cavanaugh

Charles Murphy

Police Chief Kennedy stated that his department was in a position to give clearance
on all of the new partners except Charles Murphy and Charles R. Cavanaugh.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the Westerner for license
for 18 slot machines for the 3rd quarter of 1954 and the addition of the
above-listed partners be approved subject to favorable investigation by the Police
Department of Messrs. Cavanaugh and Murphy.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker. Commissioner Jarrett advised the Board that he writes

insurance for this club.

At this time a modification of lease with the Naval Armory known as No. Noy
(r)-43061 between the City and the United States Government originally entered
into on January 22, 1954, was presented to the Board for consideration.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to
sign the modification of Lease Agreement between the City and United States
Naval Armory.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for
street purposes on Washington Avenue between H. Street and Highway 95, executed
by Theodore and Afton Werner, C. H. Elstner and Maxwell and Laura Bell Kelch,
dated July 27, 1954

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of August, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated July
27, 1954, executed by Theodore and Afton Werner and C. H. Elstner and Maxwell
and Laura Bell Kelch to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed
and that the same be recorded in the offices of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

The Board considered the acceptance of right-of-way deed for streets in Section 26,

T20S, R61E, executed by the Boulder City Broadcasting Co. and dated August 13, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of August, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed
dated August 13, 1954, executed by the Boulder City Broadcasting Co to the
city of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for street
purposes on Washington Avenue between "H" Street and Highway 95 executed by John
and Rose Vinassa and Theodore and Afton Werner, dated July 27, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 18th day of August, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
27th day of July, 1954, executed by John and Rose Vinassa and Theodore and Afton
Werner to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada and that
the real property described therein be and is hereby accepted for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and,

8-18-54