REZONING

Carpenter's Local -
#1780
Z-11-54

PUBLIC HEARING
REZONING

Nig Graham

PUBLIC HEARING
VARIANCE

Ray Skibba

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-27

Rejection of District

PUBLIC HEARING
House Moving
T. L. Roberts



REZONING

Stocks, Spizzere &
Gustafson

z-13-54

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved to continue this public hearing until
June 2, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Bunker. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

Further discussion was held at this time on the rezoning application of
the Carpenter's Local - #1780 to rezone the NE¼ SE¼ Section 29, T20S,

R6lE, from R-1 to C-1.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved to continue this public hearing until
June 2, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye: noes,
Commissioner Bunker.

This being the time heretofore set for the continuation of the public
hearing on the application of Nig Graham to rezone a portion of the SE¼
of the N¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E, generally located on the north-
west comer of West Bonanza Road and Clarkway Drive, the matter was con-
sidered by the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this rezoning application be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the appeal
of Ray Skibba on the denial of his application for variance to construct
10 apartments on a lot 6,500 square feet, within 10 feet of the side yard
on Lot 27 and 28, Block 5, Meadows Addition, also known as 120 Boston
the matter was considered by the Board.

Mr. Arthur Turk of 122 Boston appeared before the Board at this time in
protest to the granting of this variance.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be held in abeyance until a committee
has been appointed and has reported back to the Commission.

This motion died for lack of a second.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this application for variance be
denied and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
in a regular meeting on the 19th day of May, 1954, having considered the
application of Ray Skibba for a variance to construct 10 apartments at
120 Boston; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Planning Commission
recommending denial of this application:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the applica-
tion of Ray Skibba, V-26-54, as denied by the City Planning Commission,
be and the same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
Commissioner Jarrett.

At this time property owners in Assessment District No. 100-27 were pre-
sent to protest said district. The general feeling was that the assess-
ment is this district was excessive and it was their wish that said
district be discontinued. Considerable discussion followed.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that Assessment District No. 100-27
be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
Commissioner Sharp.

The meeting recessed at the hour of 9:40 P.M. Meeting reconvened at the
hour of 10:00 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the request
of T. L. Roberts to move a stucco house from the Telephone Company sub-
station located in Paradise Valley to his property near the southwest
corner lot on Cashman Drive and Hastings Street, the matter was considered
by the Board. Considerable discussion was held.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this public hearing be continued
until June 2, 1954 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Further discussion was held on the application of Messrs. Stocks, Spizzere
and Gustafson for the rezoning of the northeast 100 feet of that portion
of the SW¼ of the SE¼ Section 35, T20S, R61E, from R-3 to C-2.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this public hearing be continued
until June 2, 1954.

5-19-54