REZONING APPLICATION
Jerry Wheatley
A-26-54

USE PERMIT APPLICATION
William Clark
Approved

USE PERMIT APPLICATION
Howard Tawney
Held

USE PERMIT APPLICATION
Drs. Fightlin & Berry
Approved U-19-54

USE PERMIT APPLICATION
Eugene Haspray
Approved
U-20-54

The Board considered the application of Jerry Wheatley for rezoning of Lot 8,

Block 6, Valley View Addition from R-2 to C-1 as denied by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and the application of Jerry Wheatly for rezoning of Lot 8, Block 6,

Valley View Addition from R-2 to C-1 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the application of William Clark for a Use Permit to construct an
office building on Lots 6 and 7, Block 10, Mayfair Tract No. 2 in an R-4 zone,
was considered.

Mr. Clark was present and discussion was held on his provision for off-street parking
facilities.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this Use Permit be granted subject to Mr.

Clark's working out an agreeable arrangement on parking area and proper setback
in this area with the Planning Director and the following resolution adopted.

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 18th day of August, 1954, having considered the applica-
tion of William Clark for a Use Permit to construct an office building bn Lots
6 and 7, Block 10, Mayfair Tract No. 2 in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
William Clark for a Use Permit to construct an office building on Lots 6 and 7,

Block 10, Mayfair Tract No. 2 in an R-4 zone be approved subject to Mr. Clark's
working out an agreeable arrangement on parking area and proper setback in this
area with the Planning Director, and the inspection departments are authorized
to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, Commissioner Sharp. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The application of Howard Tawney, President of Searchlight College, for permission
to operate a correspondence school from 311 Bonneville Avenue in an R-4 zone, as
recommended by the Board of Adjustment was considered at this time.

Police Chief Kennedy requested time to investigate this matter as to the
method of operation of this business.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that action on this application for Use
Permit be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was give to the application of Drs. William Berry and Harry
Fightlin to construct and maintain professional offices for two doctors on
Lots 10 and 11, Block 3; Ladds Addition and Lots 17 to 20 inclusive, Block
8, Pioneer Heights Addition in an R-4 zone as approved by the Board of
Adjustment.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for Use Permit be granted,
subject to provision for off-street parking for ten cars is provided, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 18th day of August, 1954, having considered the
application of Drs. William Berry and Harry Fightlin for a Use Permit to construct
and maintain professional offices for two doctors on Lots 10 and 11, Block 3, Ladds
Addition and Lots 17 to 20 inclusive, Block 8, Pioneer Heights Addition in an
R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Drs. William Berry and Harry Fightlin for a Use Permit to construct and maintain
professional offices for two doctors bn Lots 10 and 11, Block 3, Ladds Addition
and Lots 17 to 20 inclusive, Block 8, Pioneer Heights Addition in an R-4 zone
be approved subject to the condition that off-street parking for ten cars be
provided, and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary
permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the Board considered the application of Eugene Haspray for a
Use Permit to conduct and maintain professional offices at the southeast
corner of 17th and Charleston Boulevard, which property consists of four
apartments in an R-4 zone, as approved by the Board of Adjustment.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for Use Permit be granted and the
following resolution adopted:

8-18-54