MINUTES

APPLICATION FOR REZONING
Eachus & Josephson

APPLICATION FOR REZONING
Rancho Drive Realty
Use Permit Approved



Bid No. 54.25
Bleachers for Recreation
Center
Opened

Commissioner Jarrett moved the minutes of August 18, 24, 25 and 27, 1954,
be approved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and Bis Honor Mayor Baker voting
aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application of
V. D. Eachus and W. J. Josephson for rezoning of the SE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 21
T20S, R6lE, MDB&M from R-3, R-4 and C-2 to R-4 and C-2, generally described as that
property located between Harrison Street and the North City limits, west of H Street
extended and east of the extension of J Street extended, the matter was considered by
the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the granting of this rezoning. There
were no protests voiced.

Commissioner Whipple asked the applicants if they had any objection to the Commission
granting a Use Permit instead of rezoning this property.

Mr. McDonald, speaking for the applicants stated that the only drawback would be
in the possible inability of the developers of this proposed project securing
the required financing. Mr. McDonald asked if a Use Permit was revocable.

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon answered that a Use Permit was not revocable
unless the developer used the property for another purpose than for which the
permit is granted.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of E. L. Josephson and
V. D. Eachus to reclassify this property be held in abeyance and a Use Permit
granted to the applicants to use the property in accordance with their proposed
general plans; said Use Permit to expire at the end of six months unless
construction shall be commenced by then.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting
aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application of
Rancho Drive Realty to rezone Block 3, El Centro Addition, Tract No. 2 from
R-2, R-3 and R-4 to C-d, the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the granting of this rezoning.

The following property owners appeared and protested on the basis that the
proposed rezoning would devaluate surrounding property, increase traffic and would
prefer the area to remain as residential zoning:

Mr. Nathaniel Austin

Mr. and Mrs. Lester Goldring	2013 Santa Paula

E. W. Brierley	1921 Santa Paula

Mrs. Fanny Goodman	1917 and 1925 Santa Paula

Mr. Serverton	2007	Santa	Paula

Dr. Alfred Bernkrant	2004	Santa	Paula

The following communications protesting this rezoning were received:

Barney and Lillian Berney	1925 Santa Paula - Telegram

Mr. and Mrs. Louis	Goodman	1917	Santa	Paula	-	Telegram

Mr. and Mrs. E. P.	Wooten	609	E. St.	Louis	-	Letter

Mr. Cleveland Schultz	telephone call to Commissioner Jarrett

Mr. R. J. Kaltenborn, representing the Rancho Drive Realty appeared and requested the
approval of the Commission on this application. Mr. Kaltenborn presented the plans
for the tentative plans for the proposed shopping center.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this rezoning be held up until the next meeting in
fairness to the people in this area.

This motion died for lack of a second.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved a Use Permit be granted if the proper plans and
specifications are approved by the Building Department and if they are in accordance
with said general plans.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett. Commissioner
Jarrett stated that he voted against the motion because he felt all the people had
not been properly advised of the situation. Commissioner Sharp disqualified himself
because he is the architect on the project.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 54.25 for the furnishing
of folding and moveable bleachers for the Las Vegas Recreation Center, Bids were
received from the following firms:

Base Bid	Alternate Bid

BRUNSWICK-BALKE COLLENDER CO.	20,027.00	20,526.00

MARSTON SUPPLY CO.	19,976.00	20,486.00

HULL EQUIPMENT CO.	I	20,055.00	19,660.00

(LEMBKE CLOUGH & KING)	II	19,065.00	18,670.00

WAYNE IRON WORKS	20,105.00	20,518.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

9-1-54