His Honor asked Jack Gilson what his business was, other than the operation
of the Swinging Door Saloon. Mr. Gilson said that currently he has the
saloon and manufactures ladies ready to wear in Los Angeles, a business
which he intends to dispose of. He further stated that he would fire any
bartender serving his brother Irving a drink.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the license of the Swinging Door Saloon
be suspended until October 1st to determine whether Mr. Jack Gilson can
devise some method of keeping his brother, Irving Gilson, out of the saloon.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mr. Jack Gilson stated that closing the Swinging Door Saloon would throw
several men out of work who need their employment, and he would appreciate
it if the Commission would just reverse their action and allow him 30 days
grace in which to keep his brother away from the saloon.

Mr. Dave McCoig suggested that Mr. Gilson put in a deputy for 90 days who
would keep Irving out of the saloon.

At the hour of 9:09 P.M. the meeting recessed, reconvening at 9:30 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

At this time Mr. C. L. Whitchurch of Burns Construction Company and his attorney,

Sam Lionel, appeared before the Commission to show cause why the contractor's
license should not be revoked for gross violations of the Building Code concerning
violations reported to the Commission on August 17, 1955 on Charleston Heights
subdivision, Tract No. 5 (Cliff May Homes), at which time a stop-work order
was issued. Protest letters have been filed by Claude Casey, 5420 Evergreen and
John Tibista, 5416 Evergreen.

Mayor Baker requested Commissioner Sharp to conduct the interrogation concerning
the gross violation of the building code which were submitted to the Board.
Commissioner Sharp stated that numerous signed complaints have been filed by
various property owners in this subdivision.

Commissioner Sharp stated that the Commission was interested in compliance with
the code which he believed the Bums Construction Company was trying to do.

He stated that the Board is not singling out the Burns Construction Company but
are going through all tracts, and that subdividers will be given a reasonable
time to fix the violations. He further stated that if the Burns Construction
Company wanted a list of objections they can be obtained.

Mr. Art Trelease, Supervisor of Building and Safety, stated that the violations
in connection with fireplaces in Charleston Heights Tract No. 5 have been correc-
ted and Tract No. 3 is being checked.

Mr. Jerry Smith, 702 Upton Drive, said that everything so far is being done to
correct violations in his home.

Mr. Whitchurch was asked to appear, or have the Supervisor of Building and Safety
report in 30 days to the Board as to the progress that is being made.

At this time the Board considered the application of Olivia Bravo to replace
present retail grocery building at 410 Morgan (Lot 6, Block 25, Original Las
Vegas Townsite). This application was denied by the Board of Adjustment because
it is presently a nonconforming use, and the matter was continued by the Board
of Commissioners from the August 3, 1955 meeting.

Mr. Bravo appeared before the Board on behalf of Olivia Bravo, stating that they
had been in business since 1946 at this location. Mr. Franklin Bills, Planning
Director, requested that the installation of sidewalks be required on this
variance.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Olivia Bravo to replace the
present retail grocery building at 410 Morgan be approved subject to the installa-
tion of sidewalks.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application of Joseph and Rachelle
Wiesel to rent or lease an apartment building at 118 Baltimore Avenue (Lots 24-
30 Block 4, Meadows Addition) in an R-4 zone as four professional offices. This
application was approved by the Board of Adjustment.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this use permit. None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Joseph and Rachelle Wiesel to rent
or lease an apartment building at 118 Baltimore Avenue (Lots 24-30 Block 4, Meadows
Addition) as four professional offices be approved subject to the signing of an
agreement to install all off-site improvements and provision for off-street parking
as recommended by the Board of Adjustment.

9-7-55

LICENSE REVOCATION
Burns Construc-
tion Company

VARIANCE

Olivia Bravo

V-25-55

USE PERMIT
Joseph Wiesel

U-30-55