Las Vegas, Nevada
June 16, 1955

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this
16th day of June, 1955 was called to order at the hour of 4:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker
with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Assistant City Manager	Robert W. Notti

Assistant City Attorney	Ralston 0. Hawkins

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Sharp moved that Commissioner E. W. Fountain be appointed as a member of the
Clark County Health Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Mayor Baker appointed Commissioner Whipple as the second member of the Clark County Health
Board to replace Commissioner Bunker who has served in this capacity for two years.

At this time Commissioner Whipple arrived at the meeting.

Commissioner Bunker moved that George Knipp, Charles Horsey, Jr., and Don Ashworth be reappoint-
ed as members of the Civil Service Board of Trustees for a term of four years.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. Harry Hayden Whitely be appointed as a member of the Board
of Examiners and Appeals for a term of three years.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Stanley Isom and Thomas McMann be appointed as members of the
Board of Plumbing Examiners, for a period of one year.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Manager be authorized to set up a special account for
emergency flood damage repair and cleanup and spend up to a maximum of $25,000.00 for this work.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Kenneth Hadland, Superintendent of Parks, be granted permission
to attend the National Shade Tree Convention in Santa Barbara, California, on August 1 to
August 5, 1955, and that expenses of $136.50 be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be authorized to advertise for bids for the Radio
Maintenance Contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Harry Hayden Whiteley be hired as the architect for the addition
to the Police Station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Ray W. Baldwin be hired as the architect for the new fire
station to be located at Industrial and Utah.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the City Manager and City Engineer be authorized to commence the
study on the preliminary plans for the new sewer plant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Sharp moved
this meeting recess until June 29, 1955, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CLARK COUNTY

HEALTH BOARD

Appointments

CIVIL SERVICE BOARD

Appointments

BOARD OF EXAMINERS
& APPEALS

Appointment

BOARD OF PLUMBING
EXAMINERS

Appointments

FLOOD DAMAGE
FUND

CONVENTION

ATTENDANCE

RADIO MAINTENANCE
CONTRACT

POLICE STATION
ARCHITECT

FIRE STATION
ARCHITECT

SEWER PLANT STUDY



6-16-55