purpose, be and the same is hereby ratified, approved, and confirmed, including
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the confirmation, adoption, and
approval of the assessment roll for said District, and the public sale of said bonds to the
FIRST NATIONAL RANK OF NEVADA.

SECTION 2. That, for the purpose of defraying the entire cost and expense of making
said improvements, except to the extent funds are available therefor from that part of said
assessments which have been heretofore paid, there can be issued in the name of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, special assessment negotiable coupon bonds designated "Assessment
District No. 100-23 Street Improvement Bonds, Series of July 1, 1954" in the aggregate
principal amount of $331,452.54 consisting of 340 bonds numbered consecutively from 1
to 340, both inclusive, which bonds shall bear date as of the 1st day of July, 1954, shall
be in the denominations of $1,000.00 and $100.00 each, except for bond numbered one
which shall be in the denomination of $552.54 bearing interest at the rate of Four and
Forty-One Hundredths per centum (4.40%) per annum until paid in full, payable annually
on the 1st day of July in each year, as evidenced by interest coupons attached to said
bonds. Said bonds shall be numbered, shall be in the denomination of and shall mature
serially in regular numerical order on the first day of July in each of the years
indicated as follows:

BOND NUMBERS	BOND	AMOUNT	MATURITY

ALL-INCLUSIVE	DENOMINATION	MATURING	DATE

said bonds and the interest thereon shall be payable in lawful money of the United States
of American at the office of the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, at Las Vegas
Nevada.

Said Bonds shall be fully negotiable and shall have all the qualities of negotiable paper,
subject to the payment provisions stated herein, and the holder or holders thereof shall
possess all rights enjoyed by holders of negotiable instruments under the provisions of
the Negotiable Instruments Law.

Said Bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, countersigned by the
City Treasurer, and its corporate seal shall be affixed to each bond and attested and
countersigned by its City Clerk. The coupons attached to said bonds shall bear the facsimile
signature of the Mayor, City Treasurer, and City Clerk, which officers, by the execution
of said bonds, shall adopt as and for their signatures the facsimiles thereof appearing on
said coupons, and when said bonds are executed, said coupons shall constitute the binding
obligations of said City for said interest. Said bonds and coupons bearing the signatures
of the officers in office at the time of the signing thereof shall be the valid and
binding obligations of the City of Las Vegas, notwithstanding that before the delivery
thereof and payment therefor any or all of the persons whose signatures appear thereon shall
have ceased to fill their respective offices.

All of said Bonds are subject to prior redemption in inverse numerical order at the option
of the City on any interest payment date prior to naturity, at a price equal to the
principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption dated, whenever funds
are available therefor. Notice of redemption shall be given by the City Treasurer in the
name of the City of Las Vegas by publication of such notice at least once in each calendar
week on any day of the week for at least two successive weeks, the first publication to be
at least fifteen days prior to the redemption date, in a newspaper of general circulation in
the City of Las Vegas, and a copy of such notice shall be sent by registered mail
at least fifteen days prior to the redemption date to the First National Bank of Nevada the
original purchasers of the bonds. Such notice shall specify the number or numbers of the
bonds to be so redeemed (if less than all are to be redeemed) and the date fixed for
redemption, and shall further state that on such redemption date there Will become and be due
and payable upon each bond so to be redeemed at the office of the City Treasurer in the
City of Las Vegas, the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption
date, and that from and after such date interest will cease to accrue.

Notice having been given in the manner hereinbefore provided, the bond or bonds so called
for redemption shall became due and payable on the redemption date so designated. and
upon presentation thereof at the office of the City Treasurer, together with all
appurtenant coupons maturing subsequent to the redemption date, the City of Las Vegas will
pay the bond or bonds so called for redemption.

SECTION 3. That said bonds and the interest thereon shall be payable from the special
fund heretofore created, and designated "Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-23 Bond
Interest and Redemption Fund," containing the receipts upon the collection thereof from the
special assessments levied against and secured by a lien upon property in Street Improvement
District No. 100-23 in said City, said assessments bearing interest commencing June 1, 1954,
and payable annually on each principal paying date at the same reate of interest as borne
by said bonds, said assessments being payable in ten substantially equal annual installments

7-9-54