VARIANCE APPLICATION
Rose Massovich
V-35-54

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Thomas E. Kirby
V-36-54

Denied

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Ralph Seward
V-27-54

VARIANCE APPLICATION
George McLemore
V-38-54
Denied

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Clarence & Betty Hoe
V-39-54

Approved

6-2-54

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Rose Massovich for a variance to complete and maintain a
second single family residence at the rear of the lot to within 31 inches of
the side property line where 20 feet is required, at 614 North 10th Street,

Lot 7, Block 4, Stewart Addition in an R-3 zone, as recommended by the Board
of Adjustment, was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved to refer this variance application back
to the Planning Commission for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Thomas E. Kirby for a variance to construct and maintain an
office and rental unit in addition to a single family residence existing on the
property situated at 430 North 15th Street, on Lot 4, Block 17, 14th Street City
Addition in an R-3 zone, as recommended by the Board of Adjustment was considered
at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
in a regular meeting on the 2nd day of June, 1954, having considered the appli-
cation of Thomas E. Kirby for a variance to construct and maintain an office
and rental unit at 430 North 15th Street; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Board of Adjustment
denying this application.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application
of Thomas E. Kirby, V-36-54, as denied by the Board of Adjustment, be and the
same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Jarrett and Sharp voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker and His Honor
Mayor Baker. Commissioner Whipple passed his vote.

The application of Ralph Seward for a variance to construct and maintain a kitchen
and bathroom in an existing guest house in addition to a single family residence
on the property situated at 1601 Carson Avenue on Lot 27, Block 1, Mayfair Tract
No. 1 in an R-1 zone, as recommended by the Board of Adjustment, was considered
at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this application for variance be held in
abeyance until June 16, 1954 for further study and a report from the Planning
Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of George McLemore for a variance to maintain five rental units
to within 13 feet of the rear property line where 25 feet is required on the
property situated at 417 Harrison Avenue on Lot 10, Block 7, HFM&S Addition in
an R-2 zone, as recommended by the Board of Adjustment, was considered at this
time.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjust-
ment be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
in a regular meeting held the 2nd day of June, 1954 having considered the appli-
cation of George McLemore for a variance to maintain five rental units at 417
Harrison Avenue; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Board of Adjustment re-
commending denial of this application.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application
of George McLemore, V-38-54, as denied by the Board of Adjustment, be and the
same hereby is denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Clarence and Betty Hoe for a variance to convert and maintain
a two bedroom single dwelling into an efficiency duplex to within 3 feet of the
side yard, at 217 South 13th Street in an R-4 zone, as approved by the Board of
Adjustment, was considered by the Board at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjust-
ment be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
in a regular meeting on the 2nd day of June, 1954, having considered the applica-
tion of Clarence and Betty Hoe to convert and maintain a two bedroom single
dwelling into an efficiency duplex at 217 South 13th Street; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Board of Adjustment
recommending approval of this application.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application
of Clarence and Betty Hoe, V-39-54, as approved by the Board of Adjustment, be
and the same hereby is approved and the inspection departments are authorized to
issue the necessary permits.