FOOTBALL UNIFORMS
Junior League



Bid No. 54.28
Furniture & Supplies



Bid No. 54.29
Blueprint Machine
Awarded

SEWER IMPROVEMENT
PROGRAM Cont'd.
Changes

Proposals received for the supplying of football uniforms for the Junior League,
sponsored by the Recreation Department, were presented by the City Manager at this
time. Bids were received from the following firms:

SPORTSMANS SUPPLY $2,561.00
OUT DOORSMAN	2,807.00

UNITED BUILDERS	2,530.00

The City Manager recommended that the bid of the United Builders Supply Company, 1414
Industrial Road, be accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and that
bid for the furnishing of football uniforms be awarded to the low bidder United Builders
Supply in the total amount of $2,530.00; further, it is the request of the commission
that Supt. of Recreation, H. B. Trent, notify and advise the leaders of the teams to
protect the equipment, and that it is the property of the City and it is expected that
it be returned to the City in good condition exclusive of normal wear and tear and that
the parents of the boys securing such uniforms be requested to sign a certificate that
they will be responsible for the return of such equipment in good condition.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Jarrett.

Director of Public Works presented the tabulations on the bids received under
Bid No. 54.28 for the furnishing of furniture and supplies for the Public Works
Department.

Mr. Wade and Mr. Rounthwaite explained that the over-all bids were practically equal,
it was merely a matter of determining who should receive the bid. They pointed out
that each bidder has certain items that were low.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that bids for Bid No. 54.28 be awarded on
the recommendation of the City Manager and City Engineer and that they get the
best quality at the best price.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye: noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

City Engineer George Wade recommended that the bid of the Mercury Blueprint for the
installation of the machine and supplying of paper and blueprint machine, be accepted
as bid under No. 54.29.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and the
bid of Mercury Blueprint for paper at $261.76 and machine at $1877.54 plus $64.00 for
installation, making of total of $2203.30 be awarded to said firm.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye: noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

George Wade, City Engineer, recommended that the following changes be made in the
Sewer Improvement Program.

Deleting that portion of west lateral A, Schedule B starting at the southwest
corner of Vegas Square to a point approximately 600 to 700 feet north of the north-
west corner of Hyde Park. This line to terminate at Decatur Boulevard.

Add to the west lateral B of Schedule B a section of line approximately 600 feet
northerly, thence westerly along the centerline of Section 30 to a point adjacent to
the northeast corner of Vegas Square.

Add Stocker Street lateral in Schedule D the 5th Street diversion in Schedule C and
the extension from the end of the 5th Street diversion in Schedule C. along 5th
Street to a point approximately at the extension of Norman Avenue and 5th Street.

The Ogden Avenue extension of Schedule D and three replacements on Schedule D as
follows:

1)	The alley between Stewart and Mesquite and 1st and Main.

2)	The alley between Stewart and Mesquite between 6th and 7th.

3)	A section of line between Fremont and Ogden and 11th and 15th Sts.

The Ellis Avenue, lateral, Schedule D, Revise Schedule D locating the proposed
pumping station deleting portions of the pressure line and gravity line in
Section 36, City property.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the
meeting adjourned.