ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-26
Public Hearing on
Assessment Roll

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-27
Public Hearing on
Assessment Roll

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said revised roll shall not increase any
assessments heretofore shown on the original roll; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the revised roll shall be filed with the
City Clerk on the 5th day of May, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Mayor Pro Tem announced that this was the time and place designated for
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to meet and
review the assessments and hear any objections to said assessments which
may be made on the proposed improvements in Assessment District No. 100-26,
as shown on Assessment Roll No. 31-1954.

The Mayor Pro Tem then asked if any written objections concerning said
assessment roll had been filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City
Clerk answered there had been one objection filed in her office prior to
said meeting. The Board of County Commissioners request that their pro-
perty on Bridger Street from Second to Third be excluded.

The Mayor Pro Tem then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any fur-
ther objections, suggestions, comments or raise any questions concerning
said special assessment roll.

Mr. Gibson, Otto Westlake, Col. McCarthey, George Gremner, David Farns-
worth, Rose Ullom and Nell Starr, who was represented by Mr. Gibson,
appeared before the Board at this time in protest to this assessment
roll.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the hearing on this Assessment
Roll. No. 31-1954 be recessed until May 5, 1954, and the following re-
solution adopted:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, and the officers thereof, have
taken action to improve certain streets and parts of streets, therein,
to be known as Assessment District No. 100-26; and

WHEREAS, the said City has directed the preparation of an assessment
roll; and

WHEREAS, such assessment roll was filed on the 21st day of April,

1954 and

WHEREAS, a public protest hearing was held on the 3rd day of May, 1954;

and

WHEREAS, the said roll needs to be corrected and revised before con-
firmation to correct typographical or clerical errors and to modify all
assessments if the construction price proves to be substantially different
than the estimate price.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a special meeting thereof held on the 3rd day of
May, 1954, that the Ex-Officio City Assessor be, and he is hereby directed
to revise the assessment roll heretofore filed to show the amount of
assessments in the total of $250,000.00.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said revised roll shall not increase
any assessments heretofore shown on the original roll; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the revised roll shall be filed with
the City Clerk on the 5th day of May, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Mayor Pro Tem announced that this was the time and place designated
for the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to meet
and review the assessments and hear any objections to said assessments
which may be made on the proposed improvements in Assessment District No.
100-27, as shown on Assessment Roll No. 32-1954.

The Mayor Pro Tem then asked if any written objections concerning said
assessment roll had been filed in the office of the City Clerk. The
City Clerk answered there had been no objections filed in her office
prior to said meeting.

The Mayor Pro Tem then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any fur-
ther objections, suggestions or comments, or raise any questions con-
cerning said special assessment roll. There were no objections, sug-
gestions or comments voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the hearing on this Assess-
ment Roll No. 32-1954 be recessed until May 5, 1954, and the following
resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, and the officers thereof, have
taken action to improve certain streets and parts of streets, therein,
to be known as Assessment District No. 100-27; and

WHEREAS, the said City has directed the preparation of an assess-
ment roll; and

5-3-54