WHEREAS, said Board by Emergency Ordinance No. 599, passed, adopted and approved the 31st
day of March, 1954, declared its determination to make certain public improvements as herein
provided, to create Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-27 for the purpose of
making said improvements, to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments
made according to frontage, and fixed a time in which protests against the proposed improve-
ments or the creation of such District might be heard and considered by said Board, and
directed notice thereof to be given; and

WHEREAS, said Board determined that said notice was given in the manner prescribed by
Section 7 of said Emergency Ordinance no. 599 and by Section 57; Chapter 2, Charter of the
City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the owners of more than one-half of the frontage to be assessed have not filed
written objections concerning the making of said improvements, the creation of said District,
or the defraying of the entire cost and expense by special assessments; and

WHEREAS, objections, suggestions, comments and questions were made or raised at said
protest hearing as follows:

Mr. John Katsaros of 631½ South 4th Street protested the installation of street

lighting in the area near Sixth and Garces

WHEREAS, said Board has done all things necessary and preliminary to the creation of said
Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-27; and now desires to create said District;

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. There shall be and there hereby is created a special assessment district in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to be called and designated Street Improvement Assessment District
No. 100-27, which shall include all the lots, premises and property to their full depths,
fronting, adjoining and abutting upon the following streets and parts of streets within the
City of Las Vegas:



FIRST STREET from Garces Avenue to the Police Station; SECOND, THIRD and FOURTH STREETS
from Garces Avenue to the South boundary of Stewart Avenue; SIXTH and SEVENTH STREETS
from Clark Avenue to the South boundary of Stewart Avenue; EIGHTH STREET from the
North boundary of Bridger Avenue to the South boundary of Stewart Avenue; OGDEN
AVENUE from Main Street to Fifth Street and from Fifth Street to Eighth Street;

FREMONT STREET from Main Street to Fifth Street and from Fifth Street to Eighth
Street; CARSON AVENUE from Main Street to Fifth Street and from Fifth Street to
Eighth Street; BRIDGER AVENUE from Main Street to Fifth Street and from Fifth
Street to Eighth Street; LEWIS AVENUE from Main Street to Fourth Street and From
Fifth Street to Seventh Street; CLARK AVENUE from Main Street to Fourth Street
and from Fifth Street to Seventh Street; BONNEVILLE AVENUE from Main Street to
Fourth Street and GARCES AVENUE from Main Street to Fourth Street.

Section 2. That the streets and parts of streets hereinabove described, shall be improved
by constructing thereon street lighting facilities which include concrete bases, aluminum
standards, mercury vapor luminaires, underground and single overhead wire and series lighting
system, together with such appurtenances as may be required, as more particularly shown by
the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved now on file in the
office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, including all
incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed, including, without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, the cost
of construction, and the fees and compensation properly charged in the work of making special
assessments, shall be defrayed by special assessments made according to frontage against the
owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements
and included within said District. The entire cost and expense of making said improvements are
deemed to be $300,723.00 and the total of the special assessments so levied shall be in that
amount.

Section 4. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any lot or
premises exceed 50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or
assessment roll for State and County taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne
by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the general Fund.

Section 5. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nevada, the acting
Ex-officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare, and is hereby empowered,
authorized and directed to make forthwith, an assessment roll in the manner provided by the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot and parcel of land with such
relative portion of the whole amount to be levied as the length of front of such premises abutting
a upon the improvement bears to the whole frontage of all the lots to be assessed; unless on account
of the shape or size of any lot or lots an assessment for a different number of feet would
be more equitable; and the frontage of all lots to be assessed shall be deemed to be the
aggregate number of feet as determined upon for assessment by the assessor.

Section 6. That when said Ex-officio City Assessor shall have completed the assessment,
he shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such report
shall be signed by him and made in the form of a certificate endorsed on the assessment roll
which certificate shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 7. That after said special assessment roll shall have been prepared and reported
to said Board, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk and numbered.

Section 8. That before said special assessment roll is adopted and confirmed by said
Board, any person objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto with the City
Clerk on or before Monday, the 3rd day of May, 1954, at 8:00 o'clock P.M. at the City Hall
in said City, and said time and place are hereby fixed as the time and place when and where
said Board and said County Assessor and ex-officio City Assessor will meet to hear and con-
sider objections to said special assessment roll and to review said assessment.