BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners he and she hereby is directed to publish notice of the receipt of
bids for said bonds by publication on March 4, 11, 18, 25 and April 1, 1955, in
the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said bonds
will he received until 7:30 P.M. on Wednesday, the 6th day of April, 1955, and
said bids will be opened at 7:30 P.M. or thereabouts on said day.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said notice shall be in substantially the form
attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
will on the 6th day of April, 1955, at 7:30 o'clock P.M., at the City Hall in'

Las Vegas, Nevada, offer for sale, receive sealed bids and publicly open the
same for the following described special assessment negotiable coupon bonds of
said City:

City of Las Vegas Assessment District No. 100-25, Street
Improvement Bonds, Series of April l, 1955, in the aggregate
principal amount of $62,533.28, dated April 1, 1955; consist-
ing of 70 bonds numbered consecutively from 1 to 70, both
inclusive, being in the denominations of $1,000.00 and $200.00
each, except bond numbered one is in the denomination of
$733.28, maturing serially in regular numerical order on the
first day of April, $6,733.28 in the year 1956, and $6,200.00
in each of the years 1957 to 1965, both inclusive, all bonds
being subject to prior redemption on any interest payment
date in inverse numerical order at the option of the City
whenever funds are available therefor, after fifteen days
published notice, upon the payment of the principal amount
thereof with accrued interest to the redemption date, and
bearing interest payable annually at a rate of not exceeding
seven per centum (7%) per annum, both principal and interest
being payable at the office of the City Treasurer at Las
Vegas, Nevada.

Said bonds and the interest thereon are payable from a
special fund designated "Street Improvement Assessment
District No. 100-25 Bond Interest and Redemption Fund,"
containing the receipts upon the collection thereof from the
special assessments levied against and secured by a lien upon
property in Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-25
in said City, said assessments bearing interest commencing
March 1, 1955, and payable annually on each principal paying
date at the same rate of interest as borne by said bonds,
said assessments being payable in ten substantially equal
annual installments of principal on or before March 1, 1956,
and on or before the same day in each year thereafter until
paid in full, or, at the owner's option, the whole of the
unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the next
interest paying date being payable at any time; provided,
however, that in the event said fund shall be insufficient to
pay said bonds and interest thereon as they become due, the
deficiency shall be paid out of the City's general fund.

Bidders are required to submit a bid specifying (a) the lowest rate of
interest and premium, if any, above par at which the bidder will purchase said
bonds; or (b) the lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase
said bonds at par. All of the bonds shall bear one rate of interest, and said
interest shall be payable by one or more sets of coupons. The bonds will be sold
to the bidder making the best bid, subject to the right of the corporate
authorities of the City of Las Vegas to reject any and all bids and readvertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest, nor
will any discount or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds.

All bids shall be sealed and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be
accompanied by a deposit of five percent. either cash or certified check, of the
amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is not accepted; and if the
successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said bonds
within thirty days following the acceptance of his bid, the amount of his deposit
shall be forfeited to the City of Las Vegas, and, in that event, the corporate
authorities of said City may accept the bid of the one making the next best bid,
or if all bids are rejected, such authorities may readvertise said bonds for sale.
If there be two or more equal bids and such bids are the best bids received, and
are not less than par and accrued interest, the corporate authorities will
determine which bid shall be accepted.

The legality of the bonds will be approved by Messrs. Pershing, Bosworth,

Dick and Dawson, Attorneys at Law, Denver, Colorado, whose opinion together with
the printed bonds, will be furnished the purchaser without charge.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Jarrett.

A discussion was held about the continued operation of a child nursery by Mrs.

Flo Hanson at 1315 Francis Avenue.

The City Attorney reported that Mrs. Hanson had been tried in the municipal court
on two occasions and found guilty. He further stated that Mrs. Hanson had appealed
the decision of the municipal court, and that this appeal would be held before a
jury in the district court on March 24, 1955.

3-2-55

CHILD NURSERY
Mrs. Flo Hanson