RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
Westside



REZONING APPLICATION
Charles Ketchum 
Z-5-54

REZONING APPLICATION
C.C. Leonard
z-6-54

REZONING APPLICATION
Nig Graham

Z-7-54

USE PERMIT APPLICATION
Robt. Ewing & Ernest Woodrum

U-5-54

Denied

VARIANCE APPLICATION
W.E. Deer
V-19-54
Approved

VARIANCE APPLICATION

Clifton & Alice Powell
V-20-54
Approved

A deed for sewer purposes on Westside was presented to the Board at this time for
consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 17th day of March, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 1st
day of March, 1954, executed by Western Enterprises, Inc.

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark ,STate of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.

The application of Charles Ketchum to rezone NW¼ SE¼ Sec. 29, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M from
R-1 to C-1, having been denied by the Planning Commissioner Was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved this application be referred back to the planning
Commission for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp
passed his vote.

The application of C. C. Leonard to rezone a portion of the N¼ of the SW¼ of the SW¼
of Sec. 28, T20S, R6lE, from R-E to R-3, as recommended by the Planning Commission was
considered by the Board at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on this rezoning application
be set for April 7,1954 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Nig Graham to rezone the NW corner of West Bonanza Road and Clarkway
Drive from R-E to R-3, as recommended by the Planning Commission, was considered at this
time.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on this rezoning application be
set for April 7, 1954, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Robert E. Ewing and Ernest Woodrum for a Use Permit to erect a
sheet iron fence, six feet high, finished with aluminum paint and maintain a storage lot
for the purpose of storing automobiles and various other types of equipment on North
Main Street, as recommended by the Planning Commission, was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in
a regular meeting on the 17th day of March, 1954, having considered the application
of Robert E. Ewing and Ernest Woodrum for a Use Permit to erect a sheet iron fence
and to maintain a storage lot on North Main Street; and

THE BOARD HAving considered the decision of the City Planning Commission re-
commending denial of this application:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Robert E. Ewing and Ernest Woodrum, U-5-54, be and the same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of W. E. Deer for variance to construct and maintain a cabana on the side
property line against an existing wall on property situated at 2824 Ashby Drive, as
recommended by the planning commission, was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and the following resolution adopted:

s

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a
regular meeting on the 17th day of March, 1954, having considered the application
of W. E. Deer for a variance to construct and maintain a cabana at 2824 Ashby Drive; and

The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission recom-
mending approval of this application.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
W. E. Deer, V-19-54, as approved by the City Planning Commission, be and the same is
hereby granted and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary
permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bunker passed
his vote.

The application of Clifton and Alice Powell for a variance to construct and maintain a
building for commercial use in addition to a single family residence which exists to
within 10 feet of the existing residence and to the alley line on Lot 7, Block 21,

HFM&N Addition, which is known as 601 Jackson Street, as recommended by the Planning
Commission, was considered at this time.