USE PERMIT

Mrs. C. Marmon

U-47-54
USE PERMIT

K. Moore & J. Bureski
U-48-54

VARIANCE

Church of Christ

V-62-54

PETITION

7th St. Improvement

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Sharp.

At this time the request of Mrs. C. Marmon to use her residence at 1236 South 9th Street
for housing and caring for children was considered. This application was denied by the
Board of Adjustment.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. Mrs. Marmon appeared before the Board and
stated that there was a need for a place to take care of children. His Honor referred Mrs.
Marmon to the Welfare Board of the City of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted
denying this application and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 5th day of January, 1955, having considered the application of Mrs.

C.	Marmon to use her residence at 1236 South 9th Street for housing and caring for children;
and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application;

NOW THEREFORE it is the decision of this Board that the application of Mrs. C. Marmon for
a use permit to use her residence at 1236 South 9th Street for housing and caring for
children, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Sharp.

 At this time the request of K. Moore and J. Bureski to use buildings at 1635 and 1639 East
Charleston Boulevard for no more than six professional offices was considered by the Board.
This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of K. Moore and J. Bureski to
use buildings at 1635 and 1639 East Charleston Boulevard for no more than six professional
offices be referred to the Planning Commission for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Sharp.

At this time the Board considered the application of the South 3rd Street Church of Christ
to vary the side and rear-year requirements at 1330 South 3rd Street to allow a 4 foot side
yard where 5 feet should be and no rear yard where 20 feet should be, after construction of
8 classrooms and 2 restrooms. This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment
subject to certain conditions.

Mr. Wooten appeared before the Board representing the Church of Christ.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this variance be approved and the following resolution
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regular
meeting on the 5th day of January, 1955; having considered the application of the South
3rd Street Church of Christ to vary the side and rear-yard requirements at 1330 South 3rd
Street to allow a 4 foot side yard where 5 feet should be, and no rear yard where 20 feet
should be, after construction of 8 classrooms and 2 restrooms; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the South 3rd Street
Church of Christ for a variance to vary the side and rear-yard requirements at 1330 South
3rd Street to allow a 4 foot side yard where 5 feet should be, and no rear yard where 20
feet should be, after construction of 8 classrooms and 2 restrooms, be approved subject to
the eave of the new structure being aligned with that of the existing structure on the
northern side as shown on the Plat Plan, and the inspection departments are authorized to
issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Sharp.

At this time the Board considered the petition for improvement by paving and sewer on
South 7th Street between Oakey Boulevard and Griffith Avenue.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the petition for improvement by paving and sewer on South
7th Street between Oakey Boulevard and Griffith be approved, and the Engineering Department
be instructed to prepare estimates of the costs for this improvement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and passed by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Sharp.

1-5-55