PURCHASE ORDER
Road Oil
25th St.

OPENING OF BIDS
Improving of St. Louis
St & Eastern Avenue

REQUEST BIDS FOR
ELECTRIC LAMPS

REQUEST BIDS FOR
CONCRETE FOUNDATION

REQUEST BIDS FOR
SPENCER ST. DRAINAGE

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEEDS

Boulder City Broadcasting
Company

Widening of 25th St.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

At this time Mr. George Wade requested permission to issue a Purchase Order in the amount
of approximately $2200.00 for Road Oil for use on Owens, 25th Street and around the new
high school.

Commissioner Whipple made a motion that permission be granted to issue a Purchase Order
in the amount of approximately $2200.00 for Road Oil for Owens, 25th Street and around
the new high school.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for grading and improving St.
Louis Street and Eastern Avenue, bids were received from the following firms:

WELLS CARGO
IDEAL ASPHALT
CARTER & SCHNEIDER

PAHLEN CONSTRUCTION
CECIL INGRAM
EACHUS ENGINEERING
J.M. MURPHY CONSTRUCTION

Commissioner Sharp moved that the above bids be referred to the Public Works Department
for tabulation and computation.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Mr. Wade requested permission to advertise for bids for the furnishing of electric lights
with certain changes:	First, 30 days instead of ten, and second, that the supplier have

a warehouse in Las Vegas so the City does not have to carry a large supply on hand.

Commissioner Sharp moved that bids be accepted on the furnishing of electric lights on
September 29, 1954.

Seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Jarrett,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Mr. Wade requested permission to advertise for concrete foundation for the steel Butler
Built building extension to be located at the City Bams at a probable cost of $1800 to
$2000.

Commissioner Whipple moved that bids for concrete foundation for the steel Butler Built
building extension be accepted on October 6, 1954, the next regular meeting.

Seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Jarrett,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

At this time Mr. George Wade, Director of Public Works, made a report on the necessity of
of a more adequate storm drain on Spencer Street in the Mayfair Addition. Mr. Wade
explained that during our last storm that some of the properties were completely flooded
due to the fact that drainage in this area was grossly inadequate. Mrs. Renis and Mr.
Debray property owners, were present to verify this fact.

The Director of Public Works recommended that at the present time the minimum need would
be for an 18 inch or 24 inch storm drain.

Commissioner Sharp moved that permission be granted to obtain bids on an 18 inch and 24
inch storm drain to be installed in Spencer Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

<At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for the
widening of 25th Street executed by the Boulder City Broadcasting Company, a Nevada
Corporation, dated August 31, 1954.

On Motion of Commissioner Sharp duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 15th day of September, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 31st day of
August, 1954, executed by the Boulder City Broadcasting Company to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted for the purposes and intensions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recoder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.

9-15-54