

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning
So. 6th between
Clark and Bonneville

PUBLIC HEARING 

Rezoning
So. 6th between
Carson & Bridger

OFF-STREET PARKING
LOT

BUILDING PERMIT
Sylvester Building

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett; Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Boulder City Broadcasting Company be granted a Use Permit
to build this project on the above described property; said Permit to be good for six
(6) months providing the parking facilities and street plan conform to the specifications
of the Planning Department; and the following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS on the 11th day of June; 1954, the Boulder City Broadcasting Company filed
an application with the City Planning Commission for a zone change on the property
described as a portion of the SE¼ of the NE¼ of the NE¼ of Section 26, T20S,

R61E, MDB&M; and

WHEREAS; on the 14th day of July, 1954, the City Planning Commission notified the Board
of Commissioners that the application of the Boulder City Broadcasting Company be
approved in accordance with facts recited in Resolution #21; and

WHEREAS; a Public Hearing of the Board of Commissioners was set on the application of
the Boulder City Broadcasting Company; such Public Hearing being held on August the 18th.
1954; and

WHEREAS; at a Public Hearing of the Board of Commissioners held August the 18th, 1954,
it was decided that the property of the Boulder City Broadcasting Company should not
be rezoned; but that a Use Permit should be granted the applicant on property described
as a portion of the SE¼ of the NE¼ of the NE¼ of Section 26, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, subject
to certain conditions.

NOW; THEREFORE; BE IT RESOLVED; by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas that
the Boulder City Broadcasting Company is hereby granted a Use Permit for property
described as a portion of the SE¼ of the NE¼ of the NE¼ of Section 26, T20S, R61E,

MDB&M; subject to the condition that this permit is good for 6 months providing
the parking facilities and street plan conform to the specifications of the Planning
Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Jarrett; Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noeS; none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the recommendation of the
Planning Commission for the rezoning from R-1 to R-3 of both sides of South 6th Street
between Clark and Bonneville more particularly described as follows:

Lots 1 to 16, Block 4 and a portion of Lot "A" Wardie Addition;

Lots 17 to 30, Block 23, South Addition.

Mr. A. L. Gifford of 501 South 6th Street appeared before the Board and stated that he
was in favor of this rezoning.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this proposed rezoning. There were no
protests voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the above described property be rezoned from R-1 to R-3.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noeS; Commissioner
Jarrett. Mr. Jarrett stated that he voted against this rezoning because he felt that
just the west side of 6th Street should be rezoned before the east side is changed.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time heretofore set to hear the Public Hearing on the recommendation of
the Planning Commission for the rezoning from R-4 to C-2 of both sides of South 6th St.
between Carson and Bridger and on the south side of Bridger between 7th and 6th a depth
of 50 feet; more particularly described as follows:

Lots 17 to 32, Block 4 and Lots 1 to 16, Block 5, Hawkins Addition; and
Lots 31 and 32 and Lots 1 and 2 of Block 6, Wardie Addition.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this proposed rezoning. There were no
protests voiced.

Mr. Bruce Beckley and Mr. Thomas McLaughlin appeared before the Board in favor of this
rezoning. Discussion followed.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the rezoning of the East of Block 4 and the
West ½ of Block 5, Hawkins Addition be rezoned from R-4 to C-2 be approved; further
that the recommendation for rezoning of Lots 1, 2, 31 and 32 of Block 7, Wardie Addition
be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noeS; Commissioner Jarrett.

Mr. Jarrett stated he was opposed to the rezoning at the present time of the east side
of South 6th Street; he further indicated that he did not oppose the rezoning of the
West side of South 6th Street.

Commissioner Jarrett stated that he had received information that a Mr. Fredrick would
like to meet with the Commission later in the month to submit his proposal for pigion-hole
parking on the southeast comer of 3rd and Ogden.

Action on the proposed lease of this SE comer of 3rd and Ogden with Mrs. Minnie M.
Westlake was deferred at this time.

Mr. James C. Young, representing Dr. W.W. Sylvester who proposed to construct a building
at 321 South 5th Street, appeared before the Board at this time. Discussion was held
on Dr. Sylvester's provision for off-street parking for this building.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Dr. Sylvester for a building permit
at 321 South 5th Street be approved insofar as the parking provision is concerned.