PUBLIC HEARING
REZONING
Charles Ketcham

PUBLIC BEARING
REZONING

Carpenters Local
#1780

PUBLIC HEARING
VARIANCE

F. E. Searway

PUBLIC HEARING
House Moving

T. L. Roberts

Charles Stahl, Right-of-way Agent explained at this time that the deed for the alley in
question was on the agenda for acceptance at this meeting.

Commissioner Bunker withdrew his motion to hold this matter in abeyance and Commissioner
Sharp withdrew his second.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Messrs. Stocks, Spizzere and
Gustafson to rezone a portion of the SW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 35, T20S, R61E, MDB&M,
generally described as the northeast 100 feet on the north side of Fremont Street
bounded on the East by the proposed extension of 21st Street, from R-3 to C-2 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the continuation of the public hearing on the
application of Charles Ketcham to rezone a portion of the NW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 29,
T20S, R61E, MDB&M, from R-1 to C-1 and R-4, the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections other than those already filed with the
Board. There were no objections voiced.

Mr. Jay Mankins appeared before the Board at this time with a petition signed by ap-
proximately 2000 persons residing in this area requesting that this rezoning application
be approved.

The Planning Director, Franklin Bills stated at this time that some sort of interim
policy should be worked out by the Planning Commission and the Board of Commissioners
by which rezoning applications could be gauged as to whether any or all are in the
best interests of the public. Considerable discussion was held on the matter.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this public hearing be recessed until June 7, 1954
at 4:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the continuation of the public hearing on the
application of the Carpenters Local #1780 to rezone a portion of the NW¼ of the SE¼
of Section 29, T20S, R61E, MDB&M from R-1 to C-1 and C-2, the matter was considered
by the Board.

Mr. Jay Mankins appeared before the Board at this time with a petition signed by ap-
proximately 2000 persons residing in this area requesting that this rezoning be ap-
proved. Said petition was filed.

Considerable discussion was held on this matter.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this public hearing be recessed until June 7,

1954 at 4:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the appeal of F. E.

Searway of the denial of the Board of Adjustment on his application for variance to
construct and maintain an office or wedding chapel in addition to 8 apartments which
exist on Lots 1 to 3, Block 28, CLVT, situated at 303 Bridger Avenue in a C-1 zone.

His Honor asked if there were any objections other than the one filed by the First
Methodist Church.

Mr. Alden Sharp appeared before the Board at this time representing the Board of
Directors of the First Methodist Church. Mr. Sharp stated that the Board of Directors
objected to having a wedding chapel across the street from the Church, but would have
no objection if Mr. Searway wished to build an office.

Thereafter Mr. Searway withdrew his request for a wedding chapel from the application
and stated he would like a variance to build an office at 303 Bridger.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of F. E. Searway for a variance to construct
and maintain an office only, in addition to 8 apartments which exist at 303 Bridger
Avenue be approved and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a
regular meeting on the 2nd day of June, 1954, having considered the application of
F. E. Searway for a variance to construct and maintain an office or a wedding chapel
in addition to 8 apartments which exist at 303 Bridger Avenue; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Board of Adjustment denying
this application; and

Mr. F. E. Searway having withdrawn his request for a wedding chapel from
his variance application.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
F. E. Searway for a variance to construct an office only at 303 Bridger be and the
same is hereby approved, and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the
necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the continuation of the public hearing on the request of
T. L. Roberts to move a stucco house from the Telephone Company sub-station located in
Paradise Valley to his property near the southwest comer lot on Cashman Drive and
Hastings Street, the matter was considered by the Board and discussion was held.

6-2-54