Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the previous action accepting the Bid of
Tide Water Associated he rescinded due to the error in computation showing the discount
to he purely an explanatory matter and not a part of the hid, and that the hid of the
Texas Company he accepted as the lowest hid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

George E. Wade, Director of Public Works requested permission for Louis Anton, Superin-
tendent of Sewer to attend a Waste and Water Conservation Conference in Riverside,

California from April 27 to April 30, 1955. Mr. Wade further requested that Mr. Anton
be allowed $200 expenses for transportation, entrance fees, etc.; he explained that this
was a very important conference since the City is contemplating expansion and development
of our own Sewage Treatment plant and system.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Director of Public Works
be accepted and that Louis Anton be allowed $200 expenses to attend this conference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

The request for authorization to purchase a new counting machine for parking meter money
was considered at this time. The Board was advised that the City's present machine and
a sorter would he turned in on the purchase price of the new one. The purchase price of
the new equipment if $975 less $100 credit on the old machines.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request to purchase a new counting machine for parking
meter money in the amount of $875.00 he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, Commissioner Sharp
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

CONFERENCE ATTENDANCE
Superintendent of
Sewer

PARKING METER
COUNTING MACHINE

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 6, 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
 this 6th day of April, 1955, was called to order at the hour of 7:35 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Assistant City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Manager	George H. Rounthwaite

Commissioner Bunker moved the payroll warrants Nos. 509 to 1005 inclusive in the net
amount of $62,739.66 he approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the minutes of March 16, 21, 30, and April 4, 1955, be
approved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

4-4-55

4-6-55

PAYROLL WARRANTS
MINUTES