Jefferson Avenue

South 6th Street
Vegas Drive & "H" St.



REZONING APPLICATION
Eachus & Josephson
Public Hearing Set

REZONING APPLICATION
Rancho Drive Realty
Public Hearing Set

ZONE VARIANCE
Extension of Time
American Linen

PROPOSED EXTENSION
OF TAVERN ZONE
Committee Appointed

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for
street purposes on Jefferson Avenue, executed by Frank J. and Ruth Lee
Robertson, dated July 27, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of August, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the
27th day of July, 1954, executed by Frank J. and Ruth Lee Robertson to the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for street
purposes on South 6th Street, executed by Mrs. Ada Weber, dated July 29, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made.

BE IT RESOLVED this 4th day of August, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 29th
day of July, 1954, executed by Mrs. Ada Weber to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for street purposes
on Vegas Drive and "H" Street, executed by Clem and Frances Malone, dated July 27,

1954.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made;

BE IT RESOLVED this 4th day of August, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 27th day of July, executed by Clem and Frances Malone to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the application of E. L. Josephson and V. D. Eachus to reclassify the SE¼
SE¼ of Section 21, T20S, R61E, from R-3, R-4 and C-2 to R-4 and C-2 as recommended
by the Planning Commission for approval was considered.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the Public Hearing on the application for
rezoning be held September 1, 1954, at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.



The recommendation of the Planning Commission that the application of the Rancho
Drive Realty for reclassification of Block 3, El Centro Addition of Tract No. 2, from
R-2, R-3 and R-4 to C-2 be approved was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on this application for
rezoning be held September 1, 1954, at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

The Board considered the request of the American Linen Supply Company at 1008 South
2nd Street for an extension of time on a variance granted them said time limit for
which has expired. Discussion was had with the applicant and the City Attorney.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the American Linen Supply Company be granted a six-
months' extension of time on their zone variance at 1008 South 2nd Street to build a
two story building, said variance having been originally granted on October 7, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Leo McNamee, representing Mr. Drexel R. Denton appeared before the board at this
time to request amendment to the Liquor ordinance to allow the transfer of the
license of the 8- Ball Bar, now issued to Abe Kroloff, to 1521 South Main Street.

Mr. McNamee explained that his client was aware of the fact that the existing ordinance
did not allow taverns to be located in this district, but pointed out that a petition
from the property owners in this area was on file indicating their wish to extend
the zone from Charleston Blvd and Main Street southerly to the intersection of
South Main and South 5th Streets.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application be held in abeyance until the Commission
can study this matter to determine if the zone for taverns should be extended.

8-4-54