BID NO. 54.26
2½ Ton Truck
Fire Dept.

REZONING APPEAL
Orvy Clark
Public Hearing Set

SEWER REQUEST
Riveria Hotel

INDIAN HILLS SUBDIVI-
SION

Petition for Annexation

REDUCTION OF SOLICITOR
FEES

SECOND HAND DEALERS
LICENSE
Myron Riskin

SECOND HAND BUSINESS
LICENSE

Westside Second Hand
Store-- Approved

UNION CAB

One Replacement Car

SAVIOR'S CRUSADER CHURCH
Solicit Donations
Rev. Walter Peterson

Pigeon-Hole Parking
Mr. Fredricks

Commissioner Sharp moved that this recommendation be approved.

Seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. George Wade recommended that Bid No. 54.26 be awarded to Clark County Wholesale and
Mercantile for 2½ ton truck for the Fire Department in the amount of $2,916.68. Insurance
money for the loss of a truck in the past will partially pay for this.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this recommendation be approved.

Seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the appeal of Orvy Clark of the denial of the applica-
tion for rezoning.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a Public Hearing be held on November 3.

Seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. Robb Johnson and Mr. Pat Clark appeared before the Board representing
the Riveria Hotel in their request to connect this 300 room hotel with the City Sewer
System.

The hotel will not be finished until some time in March.

The Board informed Mr. Clark and Mr. Johnson that it would be necessary for them to approach
the County first and after this to submit a definite proposal in writing.

The Board also mentioned that a definite policy will be set up with regard to the
"strip hotels" using the City Sewer System.

At this time Mr. Bugbee appeared before the Board representing the Indian Hills Subdivision
which will eventually consist of approximately 80 acres and requested annexation.

No action was taken at this time.

At this time Mrs. Evelyn McDougall and Mrs. Amelia A. Bennion appeared before the Board
requesting reduction of license to solicit sales of Childcraft. This firm also
represents the World Book Encyclopedia and in the past their representatives have
received a reduction of the solicitor's fees.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that this request be approved and the solicitor's fee for a
license be reduced to $5.00 a quarter in this instance for Mrs. McDougall and Mrs. Bennion.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Police Chief Kennedy reported that Mr. Riskin was out of town and therefore he had been
unable to prepare his report. As a result, no action was taken on this matter.

At this time Ethel I. Saxon appeared before the Board requesting a Second Hand Business
License for the Westside Second Hand Store at 505 Jackson. This has been approved by
the Police Department.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this request be approved.

Seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the request of the Union Cab Company for one replacement taxicab at
this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this request be approved.

Seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the request of the Reverend Walter F. Peterson for
the Savior's Crusader Church to solicit donations.

Reverend Peterson was not present and it was decided to hold this matter in abeyance.

City Manager Rounthwaite stated that General Parking, Inc., represented by Mr. Fredricks
would like to take over the City's leases on the 3rd and Ogden parking lot and the 4th
and Ogden parking lot. They would be willing to pay the City $250 a month plus taking
over the leases for these lots. Eventually they plan to place a multiple parking building
on the 3rd and Ogden lot and use the 4th and Ogden for overflow. Consent will have to
be obtained from the owners of the 3rd and Ogden lot, but no permission is necessary
from the owners of the 4th and Ogden lot.

Discussion was held among the Board members and City Attorney Howard Cannon stated there
were several matters that should be settled before anything is done on this proposal.

Mr. Cannon believes that, one the City should find out if additional parking will
definitely be provided, two, the fees General Parking, Inc., will impose, and, three,
a definite date should be set for building of the multiple parking lot.

Commissioner Bunker then moved that this matter be referred to the Parking and
Traffic Commission.

10-6-54