BE IT RESOLVED, this 8th day of September, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed,
dated the 23rd day of August, 1955; executed by Arthur L. Dial and Helen M. Dial,
Husband and Wife, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the
records of this Board.

At this time City Engineer George E. Wade presented a quitclaim deed from
Milton D. Remy, et al, for the extension of Washington Avenue, westerly from
Twin Lakes Lodge, and recommended that this deed be accepted.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 8th day of September, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 13th day of August, 1955; executed by Milton D. Remy and Gertrude L. Remy,

Husband and Wife and William J. Hauser and T. Ruth Hauser, Husband and Wife,
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and inten-
tions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

At the hour of 4:30 P.M. Commissioner Sharp arrived at the meeting.

Supervisor of Building and Safety Art Trelease advised the Commission that the
application of Pete Coleman to move a house from 215 Monroe Avenue to 206 Monroe
Avenue, deferred from the Board of Commissioners' meeting on August 17, 1955,
had been withdrawn since the property had been sold.

At this time Art Trelease, Supervisor of Building and Safety presented the applica-
tion of Eddie Herst to move a seven unit apartment building from 1401 South 5th
Street to 310-322 McWilliams Avenue, and recommended that this application be
approved.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Eddie Herst to move a
seven unit apartment building from 1401 South 5th Street to 310-322 McWilliams
Avenue be approved subject to compliance with the Code requirements of the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Commissioners Bunker and Fountain made the following report on the
recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission for the installation of new
parking meters:

1.	Carson Street between 5th and 7th Streets - the Committee recommends
approval of this installation.

2.	Ogden Street between 5th and 6th Streets - the Committee recommends
approval of this installation.

The Committee objected to the installation of parking meters at this time in the
following locations:

1.	Fremont Street between 9th and Bruce.

2.	5th Street from Linden to Oakey.

3. Main Street from Bridger to 5th.

4. East Charleston from Main to 15th.

The Committee requested that the Traffic and Parking Commission conduct a study
of the above listed locations and make further recommendation to the Commission.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that authorization be given for the installation
of parking meters on Carson Street between 5th and 7th Streets, and on Ogden Street
between 5th and 6th Streets.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Bunker and Fountain, committee for report on the resolution concerning
annexation procedure, proposed by the Planning Commission, recommended that the resolu-
tion be adopted subject to the stipulation that in the event the City requests
certain property to be annexed that the fees required be waived.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution and the procedure
for annexation be adopted including the stipulation that fees be waived in the
event the City requests the annexation:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED

Washington Avenue
Extension

HOUSE MOVING
Pete Coleman

HOUSE MOVING
Eddie Herst

PARKING METER

INSTALLATION



ANNEXATION PROCEDURE
Resolution

9-8-55