VARIANCE
Heers Associates

v-7-55

VARIANCE
George Cobb

v-9-55

USE PERMIT 
Eachus &
Josephson

SEWER
ASSESSMENT
E. of Rancho Rd.
& N. of
Charleston

SEWER

ASSESSMENT

Bonanza

Village

ASSESSMENT
DISTRICT
Street Lighting
Fremont

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr. F. W.
York for a variance to operate a medical office be approved, and the inspection departments
authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

At this time the Board considered the application of Heers Associates for a variance to
construct a cafe on Lot 1, Block 21, Twin Lakes Village No. 5.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this application for variance be continued until the next
regular meeting, March 16, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

Consideration was given at this time to the application of George Cobb for a variance to
construct an auto service station at the southwest corner of 25th and Owens.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this application for a variance be approved subject to
approval of the Parking and Traffic Commission on the ingress and egress, and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
a regular meeting on the 2nd day of March, 1955, having considered the application of
George Cobb for a variance to construct an auto service station at the southwest corner
of 25th and Owens; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of George
Cobb for a variance to construct an auto service station at the southwest corner of 25th
and Owens be approved subject to approval of the Parking and Traffic Commission on the
ingress and egress, and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary
permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

Mr. Hall Thompson appeared before the Board at this time requesting a 90 day extension of
time on a use permit for the construction of the Tangiers Hotel at H & Harrison Streets.

This application for use permit was granted originally to V. C. Eachus and E. L. Josephson.

Commissioner Shipple moved that this application for a 90 day extension of time on the use
permit for the Tangiers Hotel be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

Mr. George Wade, City Engineer, requested approval of the proposed sewer assessment district
east of Rancho Road and north of Charleston Boulevard.

Commissioner Bunker stated that he would like to have a petition from 51% of the property
owners in this district requesting this assessment district on file.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Engineer be authorized to prepare the plans for the
proposed sewer assessment district east of Rancho Road and north of Charleston Boulevard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

Mr. George Wade recommended approval of the proposed sewer assessment district of property
lying within the Bonanza Village Subdivision.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Engineer be authorized to prepare plans for this
sewer assessment district.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

City Engineer George Wade presented a proposal of the property owners on Fremont from 6th
to 25th Streets for the installation of street lighting. The property owners would like to
have this a cash assessment district.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Engineer be authorized to prepare the necessary
plans for this assessment district.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

3-2-55