Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Rancho Park Inc. to reclassify the
SE¼ of the NE¼ of Section 32, T21S, R61E from R-E to R-1 he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the appeal protesting the approval
of the application of Dr. Rulon B. Whitehead for a use permit to construct a one-story
dental office in the 300 block on Maryland Parkway (Lots 11 & 12, Block 9, Pioneer
Heights Addition) in an R-4 zone (U-14-55, approved by the Board of Commissioners
March 30, 1955), the matter was considered by the Board.

Mr. Leo McNamee, representing Max Kelch, Walter Hunsaker, and Nellie C. Carol, appeared
before the Board at this time objecting to the granting of the application for a use
permit on Lots 28-32, Block 10, Pioneer Heights, on the basis that this use was not
compatible to those existing in the area.

Mayor Baker stated that 23 people had been notified of this use permit and there were
5 protestants. Mrs. Helen R. McDonald had filed a protest, as had Mr. Fred Soly. It
was understood that Mrs. McDonald had later withdrawn her objections.

Mr. James C. Young appeared before the Board on behalf of Dr. Rulon B. Whitehead. He
said that there were 30 people in the immediate area who had no objection to this use
permit, and that it was in the best interest of the public.

Commissioner Sharp stated that inasmuch as this type of use is allowed in an R-4 zone,
and since the protestants were so few in comparison with the overall majority and further
since the Commission deems this to be in the best interest of the public; he moved that
the appeal protesting the granting of this use permit be denied, and said permit allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bunker
passed his vote stating that he had sold this property to Dr. Whitehead.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the appeal of Dr. John Sorenson of the
denial of his application for a use permit to construct a building for doctors' offices
and a medical dispensary on West Charleston between Shadow and Desert Lanes, denied by
the Board of Adjustment, the matter was considered by the Board.

Dr. John Sorenson appeared before the Board at this time on his own behalf. He stated
that there would be offices for 10 doctors at this location, and that one doctor
would be available at all times for emergency cases.

Mr. Elwin Leavitt also appeared before the Commission on behalf of Dr. Sorenson, request-
ing the granting of this use permit for the construction of doctors' offices and a
medical dispensary.

His Honor asked if there were any other objections to this use permit.

Mr. Ernest Thacker appeared on behalf of the immediate neighbors in this area who felt
it was an injustice to put business in this area. Mr. Thacker stated that he represent-
ed Mr. and Mrs. Swank, Mr. Lalif Wood, and Mr. Earl Roles as well as himself.

Other protestants were: Mr. Wolf, Mrs. Connie Hurley, Mr. Herb Ellingham, 813 Shadow;

Mr. Schlesinger, 2032 Alturas; and Mrs. Doris Brown, 915 Tonopah.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
accepted and that the application of Dr. John Sorenson for a use permit to construct a
building for doctors' offices and a medical dispensary be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the continuation of the public hearing on the reclassifica-
tion of Lots 1 to 5, Block 2, Maryland Tract No. 2 from C-1 and C-2 to R-4, held in
abeyance from June 1, 1955, to check on the original zoning, the matter was considered
by the Board.

Mr. Franklin Bills stated that in 1948 Pioneer Heights Addition, Block 25, the north
one-half was zoned R-3 and the south one-half C-2; in 1953 the north one-half was
rezoned from R-3 to R-4 and the south one-half remained C-2. The north one-half,
being Lots 1 - 8 of Block 25, Pioneer Heights were resubdivided in 1953 and became
Lots 1, 2, 3, and 4 of Maryland Tract No. 2. In 1953 these lots were rezoned to C-1.

Mr. James C. Young appeared before the Board at this time favoring the reclassification
of Lots 1 to 5, Block 2, Maryland Tract No. 2.

Mr. O. M. Kulien, W. L. Stephens and Lloyd Skrenes spoke in protest of the rezoning
of Maryland Tract No. 2.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the matter of the reclassification of Lots 1 to 5, Block
2, Maryland Tract No. 2, be taken under advisement by the Board and be reported on at
a later date, and this public hearing closed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

6-15-55

PUBLIC HEARING
Use Permit
Dr. R. B. Whitehead

U-14-55

PUBLIC HEARING
Use Permit
Dr. John Sorenson

U-16-55

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning
Maryland Tr. #2