ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-27
Construction Bid

SEWER IMPROVEMENT
PROGRAM

Engineering Services
Perliter & Soring

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We. the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager and City Attorney
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby admit due service of the fore-
going notice of Special Meeting.

s/	C. D. Baker	s/	Reed Whipple

s/	Wendell Bunker	s/	Harris P. Sharp

s/	George H. Rounthwaite	s/	Howard W. Cannon

s/ Rex A. Jarrett

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 18, 19%

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held this 18th day of May, 1954, was called to order at the hour
of 8:30 A.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	George Rounthwaite

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

City Engineer	George Wade

Also present:

L. E. Tyson

Mr. L. E. Tyson, engineer for the City on Assessment District No. 100-27
reported to the Board on the status of the construction bids for the in-
stallation of improvements in this District. No action was taken at this
time, and it was requested that the matter be placed on the agenda for the
regular meeting to be held May 19, 1954.

At this time George Wade, Director of Public Works gave a report to the
Board on his discussion with Mr. Simon Perliter for renegotiating an amend-
ment to the constract the City has with Perliter and Soring for engineering
services on the city wide sewer improvement program.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the Director of Public Works and
the City Attorney negotiate a settlement with Perliter and Soring whereby
the City assume the responsibility of inspection on the uncompleted portion
of the sewer contract at a re-negotiated price to the Engineer and further
to provide for contribution by the Engineer of $4,000.00 toward the City's
portion of the settlement on the sewer contract of Ralph O. Dixson.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye:
noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time,
this special meeting adjourned.

5-18-54

PAYROLL WARRANTS

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 19, 1954

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 19th day of May, 1954 was called to order at the hour of 7:30
P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner	Rex A.	Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris	P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard	W. Cannon

City Manager	George	Rounthwaite

Assistant

City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants No. 5614 thru 6034. in the
net amount of $51,408.46 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

5-19-54