necessary, and by improving existing fire department buildings and fire extinguishing
equipment, said bonds to bear interest at a rate of not more than seven (7) percent per
annum, and to mature serially in regular numerical order at annual intervals, commencing
not later than the year 1958, and ending not later than the year 1980, both inclusive,
said bonds maturing after the year 1966, to be subject to prior redemption, at the option
of the City on such terms as the Board of Commissioners may determine on any interest
payment date on and after ten (10) years from the date of the bonds, principal and
interest payable from an annual general tax levy, and from such other sources available
therefor as the Board of Commissioners may at its option determine."

QUESTION NO. 4 SUBMITTED:

4. "Shall the City of Las Vegas issue its negotiable coupon General Obligation Fire
Alarm System Bonds in the aggregate principal amount of $200,000.00, or so much thereof
as may be necessary for the purpose of defraying, in part, the cost of improving the
municipal Fire Extinguishing System, by acquiring, constructing and establishing an
automatic fire alarm system complete with headquarters building and controls and panels,
said bonds to bear interest at a rate of not more than seven (7) percent per annum, and
to mature serially in regular numerical order at annual intervals, commencing not later
than the year 1958, and ending not later than the year 1980, both inclusive, said bonds
maturing after the year 1966, to be subject to prior redemption, at the option of the City
on such terms as the Board of Commissioners may determine on any interest payment date on
and after ten (10) years from the date of the bonds, principal and interest to be payable
from an annual general tax levy, and from such other sources available therefor as the
Board of Commissioners may at its option determine."

The following errors were found by the Commission while conducting the canvass of the
bond question ballots:

Precinct No. 16 - In the property owner bond ballots on Question #1 there were 25

votes cast against this question instead of 15.

Precinct No. 40 - In the property owner bond ballots on Question #2 there were 33

votes cast against this question instead of 32.

In the property owner bond ballots on Question #3 there were 79
votes cast in favor of this question instead of 73.

Precinct No. 41-A - In the property owner bond ballots on Question #1 there were 78

ballots cast in favor of this question instead of 88.

Precinct No. 45 - In the property owner bond ballots on Question #4 there were 67

votes cast in favor of this question instead of 68.

The Board found that the votes cast on the bond questions were as follows:

QUESTION 1	QUESTION 2	QUESTION 3	QUESTION 4	PRECINCT NO.

Prop.	Non-Prop.	Prop.	Non-Prop.	Prop.	Non-Prop.	Prop. Non-Prop.

YES NO YES NO	YES NO YES NO	YES	NO YES NO YES NO YES NO

5-11-55