USE PERMIT
R. E. Jones
U-24-54

BUILDING PERMIT
A. W. Blackman

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Desert Development

V-46-54

USE PERMTT-denied
Edward J. Goodman
U-18-54

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the application of Robert E. Jones to construct and maintain
a service station on the SE comer of the intersection of Bonanza Road and Rancho
Road in an R-E zone, having been approved by the Board of Adjustment.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this application for Use Permit be approved
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
a regular meeting on the 18th day of August, 1954, having considered the application
of Robert E. Jones to construct and maintain a service station on the SE corner of
the intersection of Bonanza Road and Rancho Road in an R-E zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Robert E.

Jones to construct and maintain a service station on the SE corner of the intersection
of Bonanza Road and Rancho Road in an R-E zone be approved subject to the condition
that approval from the State Highway Department on the required set-back be secured
and that the Traffic Commission of the City of Las Vegas approve the ingress and
egress and other related traffic matters, and the inspection departments are
authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett and Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time plans for the proposed new building to be constructed by Mr. A. W.

Blackman at 210 North 3rd Street were considered. Discussion was held on Mr.

Blackman's provision for off-street parking for this building.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the request of A. W. Blackman for a building permit
at 210 North 3rd Street be approved, insofar as the off-street parking provision is
concerned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker.

The Board considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying the applica-
tion of Desert Development, Inc., to construct a triplex at 2021 Cedar on Lots 26
to 28, Block 7, Boulder Dam Homesite No. 2 at this time. This application was
denied by the Board of Adjustment, and the Commission informed that Mr. C. Van Patten,
applicant for this variance had requested no action until he returns on September 1st, 1954.

His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there was anyone present who wished to speak
on this matter.

The following persons voiced their protest against approval of this variance, stating
that they wished this area to remain as a single family residence zone:

Mr. Charles Connor
Mr. Harold Blackford

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that action on this variance be held in abeyance
until September 1, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At the hour of 9:00 P.M. the meeting recessed.

The meeting reconvened at the hour of 9:20 P.M. with all members present as of
the opening session.

At this time the Board considered the application of Edward J. Goodman for a Use
Permit to construct and maintain stores and offices on property bounded by
Gass, 8th, 9th and East Charleston. This application was denied by the Planning
Commission.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this application for a Use
Permit.

Mr. Herb Waldman was present at this time and stated that he had contacted the
majority of the property owners in this area and on his own and their behalf, wished
to protest this application.

Planning Director Franklin Bills stated that the Planning Commission found nothing
wrong with the design of this proposed development, but felt it would tend to
encourage "strip zoning" on Charleston Boulevard. Further that the immediate area there
is presently existing sufficient property available for commercial use.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Edward J. Goodman for a
Use Permit to construct and maintain stores and offices on this property be
denied, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in a regular
meeting held this 18th day of August, 1954, having considered the application of
Edward J. Goodman for a use permit to construct and maintain stores and offices

8-18-54