TRAFFIC & PARKING
COMMISSION
Appointments

GIRL SCOUT BUILDING
Lease of Land

GOLF COURSE

Purchases

POLICE DEPARTMENT
Motorcycles

CONFERENCE ATTENDANCE
Bldg. & Safety Supt.

CONFERENCE ATTENDANCE
Director of Finance

PURCHASE OF EQUIPMENT
Recreation Dept.

WHEREAS, there was presented to the City Council a form of agreement between
the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, a municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and LOS ANGELES & SALT LAKE RAILROAD COMPANY and its Lessee, UNION PACIFIC
RAILROAD COMPANY, corporations of the State of Utah, covering the installation of a
10" vitrified clay sewer pipe line across the right of way and under the tracks of
the Railroad Company in Las Vegas, Nevada,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED:	That the form of agreement between the City

of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and Los
Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company and its Lessee, Union Pacific Railroad Company,
corporations of the State of Utah, covering a License for the installation of a 10"
vitrified clay sewer pipe line across the right of way and under the tracks of the
Railroad Company in Las Vegas, Nevada, be, and the same is hereby approved, and the
Mayor and Clerk of said City are authorized and directed to execute said agreement
for and on behalf of the said City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the appointment of two members of the Traffic and
Parking Commission. Ordinance No. 634 adopted March 2, 1955, allows a total of six
members on this commission.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that Messrs Otis Wright and Herb Waldman be appointed as
members of the Traffic & Parking Commission for four year terms.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Baker stated that Mr. Wright would represent the State of Nevada and Mr. Waldman
the Retail Merchants on the Commission.

The Board considered the request of the Girl Scouts to lease an area on 2nd Street
next to the State Building for the construction of a Girl Scout Building.

Mayor Baker appointed Commissioners Bunker and Sharp as a committee to meet with the
Girl Scouts to pick out an area suitable for the construction of the Girl Scout Build-
ing.

City Manager George H. Rounthwaite stated that he had received bids for equipment for
the Golf Course. He said that these purchases had been recommended by the Golf Board
and that there is money in the budget for these items. He reported that the requested
purchases were for a verticut machine and a carry-all scooter for sprinkler equipment,
at the approximate amount of $700.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved that these purchases for the Golf Course be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Police Chief Kennedy requested the purchase of two new motorcycles for the Police Depart-
ment. He stated that the City would receive $200.00 credit on Sergeant Dula's motor-
cycle and the insurance company would pay the balance. The other motorcycle to be
replaced was hit on 5th Street and would be paid for by the person responsible for
the accident.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the request of the Police Department to purchase two
motorcycles be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the request of the City Manager that Mr. William
Loretta be allowed to attend the Pacific Coast Conference, to be held from June 13th
to 19th, 1955. He stated that there would be no expense involved in sending Mr.

Loretta to the Conference.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the request of the City Manager be accepted and that Mr.
William Loretta be granted leave to attend the Pacific Coast Conference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. George H. Rounthwaite requested that Mr. Harold Laird be granted permission to
attend the Municipal Finance Officers' Conference in New Orleans from May 1st through
May 5th, 1955, and that $200.00 be allowed for expenses.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. Harold Laird be granted permission to attend the
Municipal Finance Officers' Conference in New Orleans, and the Mayor and Clerk auth-
orized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Bruce Trent appeared before the Board requesting authorization to purchase two life
time aluminum diving boards. He stated that he would like to get them in time to
have them installed for summer swimming. The low bid on these diving boards was
$325.00. The boards are for the Westside and Central Swimming Pools.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this request to purchase diving boards for the swim-
ming pools be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

4-20-55