BID NO. 55.01

Well for Woodlawn
Cemetery

PROPOSED LAND USE PLAN
Bonanza Road. Area
Public Hearing

MASTER PLAN OF STREETS
AND HIGHWAYS
Public Hearing

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Clifton Powell for rezoning of Lot
6, Block 12, HFM&M Addition (NW comer of E and Monroe) from R-4 to C-2 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of bids on the well for Woodlawn Cemetery; Bid
No. 55.01, bids were received from the following firms:

McGarvie Plumbing & Welding	$7,322.50

10,348.84

General Builders Incorporated	Not Opened - Protested by

State Contracting Board

Phelps Pump & Equipment Co.	5,865.00

9,303.59

Allen & Failing	7,663.75

Commissioner Bunker moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City Engineer for
computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Jarrett; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Baker announced that this was the time and place set for the public hearing on the
proposed land use plan for that area of the City generally described as being west of the
Union Pacific Railroad tracks; from the area adjacent to Bonanza Road to the north City
limits and west to the general vicinity of Highway 95. His Honor requested that Franklin
Bills; Director of Planning; present this proposed plan as recommended by the Planning
Commission of the City of Las Vegas.

Mr. Bills explained that this proposed plan was not a zoning map, but was a general over-
all plan for future land use in this portion of the City; he further pointed out that the
colors shown on this plan were not to be confused with the colors used on zoning plans
but indicated the following:

YELLOW - Low density residential use including the highest type of residences
and greatest amount of open space. This type of area is usually
zoned R-A; R-E or R-1.

ORANGE - Medium density residential use, less restrictive; smaller lots. This
type of area is usually zoned R-1 or R-2.

BROWN - High density residential use. This type of area is usually zoned R-3
or R-4.

BLUE - Light industrial plan; generally zoned M-1.

DARK BLUE - Heavy industrial plan; generally zoned M-2.

The broken red lines indicate the areas within which neighborhood or limited
commercial uses (C-1) should be located.

The heavy purple lines indicate the general location of existing and proposed
major highways. The solid lines indicate primary highways (minimum width 100
feet). The broken lines indicate secondary highways (minimum width 80 feet).

Mr. Bills then went on to explain and point out to the interested parties where the
aforementioned land use areas were on the map, as well as the existing use as of the
present time.

The following persons appeared before the Commission and asked questions on this proposed
land use plan for the Bonanza Road Area:

Mr. Ted Werner
Mrs. Patrick Quinn
Mr. Maxwell Kelch
Mrs. Hazel Longo
Mrs. Dorothy Culley
Mrs. D. H. Hand

Discussion followed. Mayor Baker declared the public hearing closed and the matter was
taken under advisement by the Board of Commissioners.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the Master Plan of Streets
and Highways as recommended by the City Planning Commission; His Honor requested that
Director of Planning Franklin Bills present and explain this proposed plan.

Mr. Bills first of all explained the legend of the map as follows:

BLACK LINES - Indicate Major Highways (100 foot right-of-way or more).

BROKEN BLACK LINES - Indicate proposed Major Highways.

DOTTED LINES - Indicate Secondary Highways (80 foot right-of-way or more)

BROKEN DOTTED LINES - Indicate proposed Secondary Highways.

4-6-55