SECTION 10. That the ballots to be used at said election shall be prepared and furnished by the City
Clerk to the inspectors of election, to be by them furnished to the regularly qualified electors. Said
ballots shall be printed on white paper and on colored paper as provided by law. Said ballots shall contain
the same proposals as set forth in Section 9 hereof, respectively with instructions respecting the marking
of the ballots, and shall bear the words:

(a)	SEWERAGE BONDS--------------------------------------- YES

SEWERAGE BONDS----------------------------------------NO

(b)	POLICE PROTECTION	BONDS------------------------------YES

POLICE PROTECTION	BONDS------------------------------NO

(c)	FIRE EQUIPMENT BONDS------------------------------- YES

FIRE EQUIPMENT BONDS----------------------------- - NO

(d)	FIRE ALARM BONDS--------------------------------------YES

FIRE ALARM BONDS--------------------------------------NO

The voter to stamp a cross or X in the square after the word "No" if opposed to the bond issues, or any of
them, and after the word "Yes" if in favor of the issues, or any of them. The election shall be conducted
and the votes canvassed and announced in all several particulars as in other elections.

SECTION 11. That notice of the submission of said questions authorizing the issuance of said bonds to
the regularly qualified electors of the City at the general city election to be held Tuesday, the 3rd day of
May, 1955, shall be published once a week for three consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas. That the City Clerk shall cause such notice to be published in the form
required by law.

SECTION 12. That the City Clerk shall provide ballot boxes for the purpose of the regularly qualified
electors submitting their choice as to the question all in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada
made and provided for in such case.

SECTION 13. That in all matters concerning the conduct of said election and the submission of said
questions to the regularly qualified electors of the City, the City Clerk shall be governed by the provisions
of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and the general statutes of the State of Nevada governing the
conduct of elections when the specific provisions of the said Charter are inapplicable.

SECTION 14. That all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are hereby
repealed.

SECTION 15. That should any provision, clause, phrase, or part thereof, of this ordinance be declared
invalid, unauthorized on unconstitutional, then such decision shall affect only the provision, clause, phrase,
or part thereof, declared to be invalid, unauthorized or unconstitutional, and shall not affect any other
part of this ordinance whatsoever.

SECTION 16. That all action heretofore taken (not inconsistent with this ordinance) by the Board of
Commissioners and officers of the City of Las Vegas, directed toward the acquisition, purchase and establish-
ment of the various public utility facilities mentioned herewith in this ordinance, be, and the same hereby
is, ratified, approved and confirmed, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
registration of qualified electors and other proceedings and preparation taken for said election.

SECTION 17. That the Board of Commissioners has expressed in the preamble of this ordinance the
existence of an emergency, and does hereby find and declare that such emergency does exist and therefore this
ordinance shall take effect as in the next section provided.

SECTION 18. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners shall cause this ordinance to be
published once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City
immediately upon its passage and adoption.

Commissioner Sharp then seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question being upon the
adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Sharp that all rules of this Board which
might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be, and the
same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said emergency
ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll was called with
the following result:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full at this meeting be
now placed upon its passage.

Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion, and the question being upon the placing of said ordinance upon its
passage, the roll was called with the following result:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

4-6-55