NORTH 9TH STREET
GRADING

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Specialty Plumbing
Licenses

JUVENILE SITUATION

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 17, 1954

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held the 17th day of November, 1954,
was called to order by His Honor Mayor Baker at the hour of 7:40 P.M., with the
following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	George H. Rounthwaite

Asst. City Manager	R. W Notti

City Engineer	G. E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Whipple moved the Payroll Warrants Nos. 11133 to 11628 in the net
amount of $57,417.14 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 477 to 625
in the total amount of $139,170.22 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the minutes of November 3 and 10, 1954, be
approved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

11-10-54

11-17-54

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 10, 1954

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held this 10th day of November, 1954 was called to order at the hour of 4:30 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	George Rounthwaite

City Engineer George Wade explained that the curbs on North 9th Street in Assess-
ment District No. 100-23 are higher than the yards. He stated that he had met
with the property owners and they would like for the City to fill in behind the
curb with blow sand. He also reported that they would like to install 4 foot
sidewalks instead of 5 foot so that they will not have to remove the trees in
this area.

At this time Commissioner Whipple arrived at the meeting.

The Board agreed that 4 foot sidewalks be allowed in this area and the City should
stand the expense of approximately $300.00 to put blow sand behind the curbs.

Discussion was held on the proposed ordinance to allow specialty plumbing licenses
for water softener and lawn sprinkler contractors. Several changes were suggested,
but no action was taken.

Police Chief Kennedy made a report to the Board on the condition of the juveniles
who recently rioted. He stated that he was planning to meet with representatives
of the School Board, Superintendent of Schools, Principal of the High School, the
three District Judges and Juvenile Officer Grist.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the meeting
adjourned.