UNDERPASS-OWENS AVE.
CONVENTION HALL

Commissioner Bunker asked the opinion of the Board on a bond issue to construct an
underpass at Owens Avenue. He believes the Commission should give serious consideration
to placing this on the ballot next year.

His Honor said there is great need for a Convention Hall and asked the Board to
consider this matter also.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Whipple moved the meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Jarrett; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noeS; none.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING; NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING; ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE on Page 360

Las VegaS; Nevada
December 20, 1954

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las VegaS; Nevada; held this
20th day of December, 1954, was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by his Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A.	Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris	P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard	W. Cannon

City Manager	George	Rounthwaite

Asst. City Manager	R. W. Notti

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on	the vacation	of	a portion of

North 1st Street in Blocks 2 and 3, Sunset Park	Addition; His Honor asked	if	there were any

objections. There were none voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this vacation be approved and the following order
adopted:

ORDER

A Petition, dated the 1st day of November, 1954, signed by four (4) freeholders residing in
the area affected; having been filed with the Clerk of this Board; petitioning for the
vacation of a portion of North First Street; hereinafter described; and said Petition having
been by Order of this Board referred to the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas
for its recommendation in the premises; and said Planning Commission having filed its
report; dated November 16, 1954, with the Board	recommending	the approval	of	said vacation;

And this Board; by an order made at its regular	meeting held	on the 17th day	of November;

1954, set the 20th day of December; 1954, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M. at the Commissioners'
Room of the Board of Commissioners; in the City Hall; located at the Northwest corner of
Fifth and Stewart Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and
place for the public hearing on said Petition and recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk
to cause the aforesaid strip of land proposed to be vacated to be posted with a notice
setting forth the time and place of the public hearing and the extent of the proposed
vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Charles V. Cudney and Donald H. Brockley, filed with
the Clerk of this Board, that the notice provided for in said order, a copy of which is
attached to said affidavit, was posted on the 19th day of November, 1954, in the manner
prescribed by said order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for vacation and the
recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having heard evidence in
support of and there being no opposition to said Petition;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett,
Sharp and Whipple, constituting all members of said Board, and all members voting in favor
of said vacation, that the strip of land proposed to be vacated is no longer required for
the public use and convenience, that said vacation will inure to the benefit of the City
of Las Vegas, and that neither the public nor any person will be materially injured thereby;

12-20-54

VACATION OF NORTH 1ST
Public Hearing