Las Vegas, Nevada
May 25, 1955

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 25th day of May, 1955 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	George	H.	Rounthwaite

Assistant City Manager	Robert	W.	Notti

City Attorney	Howard	W.	Cannon

City Engineer	George	E.	Wade

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

This being the time set for the public hearing on the appeal on the application of the
Jewish Community Center of Las Vegas, Inc. for a Use Permit to construct and maintain a
Synagogue, Assembly Hall and Sunday School classrooms on a five acre parcel located
adjacent to South 15th and Bracken Streets, as approved by the Board of Adjustment, His
Honor asked that the attorney for the applicant present the reasons for requesting this
permit.

Thereafter Mr. David Zenoff, representing the Jewish Community Center Board of Directors
appeared before the Board. Mr. Zenoff stated that it was his understanding that the
protestants to the granting of this permit were objecting mainly to the installation of
the classes for pre-kindergarten children on the following basis:

1)	That this operation would depreciate the value of surrounding property.

Mr. Zenoff reported that he had statistics that would disprove this
fact, and that this installation would improve rather than devaluate
the surrounding property.

2)	That this installation would create a traffic hazard, or at least an
increase in the amount of traffic in the area, due to the fact that
parents would be bringing children to school over unimproved streets.

Mr. Zenoff pointed out that the Board of Adjustment had approved this
application for Use Permit with the condition that public streets are
dedicated and improved to provide two means of traffic access. He
further stated that a traffic count at the present location of the
Jewish Community Center at 13th and Carson had been made and it was
found that between 8:00 and 9:15 A.M. there were twenty-four automobiles
that stopped and in the afternoon there were thirty-nine automobiles,
which he claimed was not an appreciable amount.

3) The next objection was concerning the fact that the Jewish Community
Center proposes to operate a "nursery school". Mr. Zenoff stated that
it was a pre-kindergarten school which is similar in nature to public
schools by reason of the fact that actual classes are taught. He
further advised the Commission that he had present Mrs. Jacob Kozloff,
organizer of this school, Mrs. Walter McCall, Jr., one of the teachers,
Harley Harmon, one of the parents of a child who had attended the school,
and Rabbi Arthur Lebowitz.

Thereafter Mesdames Kozloff, McCall, Messrs. Harmon, David Goldwater and Rabbi
Lebowitz spoke briefly and requested that the Commission approve this application for
a Use Permit.

His Honor asked if there were any questions that the Board would like to ask.

At this time V. Gray Gubler, representing the protestants appeared and asked Mr. Zenoff
several questions concerning the anticipated increase in the number of children permitted
to attend the school, and if it wouldn't be possible to have the school located somewhere
other than in conjunction with the Synagogue.

Mr. Gubler informed the Commission that his clients were not objecting to the granting
of the Use Permit for a church or synagogue, but that they did object to the installation
of the school for the following reasons:

1)	Such a use is not permissible under the Land Use Plan.

2)	This installation would depreciate the value of property neighboring and
for a reasonable distance thereto.

3)	It would create a traffic hazard, also hazardous to small children living
in the area.

4)	The streets surrounding this proposed location are not improved nor are
they of standard width. There would also be difficulty in finding suffic-
ient access streets since 16th and 17th Streets are not cut through from
Charleston Boulevard.

Mr. Gubler further pointed out that it was their feeling that in order for the
5-25-55

PUBLIC HEARING
Jewish Community
Center