PROPOSED AMENDMENT
Gaming Ordinance

USE PERMIT - U-38-54
Myrill Rabb

USE PERMIT - U-37-54
Church by the Side
of the Road

USE PERMIT - U-34-54
William Stechell

It was requested that a committee of the protesting property owners meet with the Water
District and work out a suitable location for the shops and warehouses.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this application for Use Permit be approved subject
to the agreement of the property owners on the location of the shop and warehouse, and
the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regular
meeting on the 3rd day of November, 1954, having considered the application of Las Vegas
Valley Water District for a Use Permit to construct an office building to house the operating
headquarters and business office on the north side of West Charleston between Valley View
Boulevard and Melville Drive; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application with limitations;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Las Vegas Valley
Water District for a Use Permit to construct an office building to house the operating
headquarters and business office on the north side of West Charleston between Valley View
Boulevard and Melville Drive be approved, subject to agreement with the property owners
as to a suitable location for the shops and warehouses, and the inspection departments
are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

It was requested that the location of these buildings be reported to the City Manager.

Mr. Bryant Burton appeared on behalf of the Fremont Hotel to request amendment to the
gaming ordinance to allow gaming on a second floor. Mr. Burton explained that the Fremont
Hotel planned to have a Bingo Game on the second floor.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE AMENDING CHAPTER 13, SECTION 5 OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY

CODE PROVIDING DISTRICTS WITHIN WHICH GAMBLING SHALL BE PERMITTED; MAKING EXCEPTIONS
THERETO; PROVIDING LIMITATIONS ON LOCATIONS AND OTHER MATTERS RELATED THERETO, was read
by title and referred to Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple for recommendation.

Consideration was given to the application of Mrs. Myrill Rabb for a Use Permit to
teach music at 715 South 6th Street.

Mrs. Ken Williams was present and protested the approval of this application.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this application for Use Permit be granted as
recommended by the Board of Adjustment, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 3rd day of November, 1954, having considered the application of
Mrs. Myrill Rabb for a Use Permit to teach music at 715 South 6th Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application with limitations;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Mrs. Myrill
Rabb for a Use Permit to teach music at 715 South 6th Street be approved subject to
the limitations of the Board of Adjustment, and the inspection departments are
authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of the Church by the Side of the Road
for a Use Permit to use 232 South 8th Street for headquarters office and book department
for the church.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. There were no protests voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for Use Permit be approved and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regular
meeting on the 3rd day of November, 1954, having considered the application of the Church
by the Side of the Road for a Use Permit to use 232 South 8th Street for headquarters
office and book department for the church; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the Church by
the Side of the Road for a Use Permit to use 232 South 8th Street for headquarters office
and book departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the application of William Stechell for a Use Permit to use his
home at 125 Boston to do minor tailoring and alteration work.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for a Use Permit be approved and the following
resolution adopted:

11-3-54