

City of Las Vegas Assessment District No. 100-25, Street Improvement
Bonds, Series of July 1, 1954. in the aggregate principal amount of
$162,446.67 dated July 1, 1954, consisting of 170 bonds numbered
consecutively from 1 to 170, both inclusive, being in the denomina-
tions of $1,000.00 and $200.00 each except bond numbered one
is in the denomination of $646.67, maturing serially in regular
numerical order on the first day of July, $16,646.67 in the year
1955, and $16,200.00 in each of the years 1956 to 1964, both inclu-
sive, all bonds being subject to prior redemption on any interest
payment date in inverse numerical order at the option of the City
whenever funds are available therefor, after fifteen days published
notice, upon the payment of the principal amount thereof with
accrued interest to the redemption date, and bearing interest
payable annually at a rate of not exceeding seven per centum
(7%) per annum, both principal and interest being payable
at the office of the City Treasurer at Las Vegas, Nevada.

Said bonds and the interest thereon are payable from a special
fund designated "Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-25
Bond Interest and Redemption Fund," containing the receipts
upon the collection thereof from the special assessments levied
against and secured by a lien upon property in Street Improvement
Assessment District No. 100-25 in said City, said assessments
bearing interest commencing June 1, 1954, and payable annually
on each principal paying date at the same rate of interest as borne
by said bonds, said assessments being payable in ten substantially
equal annual installments of principal on or before June 1, 1955,
and on or before the same day in each year thereafter until paid
in full, or, at the owner's option, the whole of the unpaid princi-
pal with interest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date
being payable at any time; provided, however, that in the event
said fund shall be insufficient to pay said bonds and interest
thereon as they become due, the deficiency shall be paid out of
the City's general fund.

Bidders are required to submit a bid specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest and
premium, if any, above par at which the bidder will purchase said bonds; or (b) the lowest
rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase said bonds at par. All of the bonds
shall bear one rate of interest, and said interest shall be payable by one or more sets
of coupons. The bonds will be sold to the bidder making the best bid, subject to the
right of the corporate authorities of the City of Las Vegas to reject any and all bids
and readvertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest, nor will
any discount or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds. All bids shall
be sealed and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be accompanied by a deposit
of five percent, either cash or certified check, of the amount of the bid, which will be
returned if the bid is not accepted; and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to
complete the purchase of said bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his bid,
the amount of his deposit shall be forfeited to the City of Las Vegas, and, in that event,
the corporate authorities of said City may accept the bid of the one making the next best
bid, or if all bids are rejected, such authorities may readvertise said bonds for sale. If
there be two or more equal bids and such bids are the best bids received, and are not less
than par and accrued interest, the corporate authorities will determine which bid shall be
accepted.

The legality of the bonds will be approved by Messrs. Pershing, Bosworth, Dick
and Dawson, Attorneys at Law, Denver, Colorado, whose opinion together with the printed
bonds, will be furnished the purchaser without charge.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 2nd day of June, 1954

C. D. Baker___________

Attest:	Mayor

Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

(SEAL)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Attorney reported that he had received an endorsement for the insurance policy
on Mike's Liquor Store, Alfred Ripps, 106 Fremont.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that Mayor Baker be authorized to sign said
endorsement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of William C. Harrison and Frank E. Courillan,
Harrison Sporting Goods, Inc., 1330 South 5th Street for a permit for the sale of fire-
arms be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

 Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the request of Smith and Chandler for an extension of
time before vacating the premises at 110 Fremont and it was decided to hold this matter
in abeyance.

6-2-54

MIKES LIQUOR STORE
Endorsement of
Policy

FIREARMS PERMIT

SMITH & CHANDLER
Extension of Time