Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and
adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Sharp and seconded by Commissioner Whipple that all rules of
this Board which might present, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this ordin-
ance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final
passage and adoption of said Emergency Ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll
was called with the following result: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Sharp then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full at
this meeting be now placed upon its passage.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion, and the question being upon the placing of said
ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final
passage.

Commissioner Sharp then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and as an
emergency ordinance. Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion. The question being upon the
passage and adoption of said ordinance the roll was called with the following result: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners having voted in favor thereof,
said motion was carried and said ordinance duly passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Sharp moved that said emergency ordinance be numbered 641.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of H. F. Ahmanson to rezone
a portion of the SE¼ SE¼ SE¼ Section 35, T20S, R62E from R-3 to C-2 (Fremont and 25th), con-
tinued from March 2, 1955, the matter was considered by the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the public hearing on the application of H. F. Ahmanson to re-
zone a portion of the SE¼ SE¼ SE¼ Section 35, T20S, R62E from R-3 to C-2 (Fremont and 25th)
be continued at the regular meeting on May it, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the release of the bond on Alta Vista No. 3. City Engineer George E. Wade
stated that there were several holes in the street but these would be taken care of in this
tract.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the bond on Alta Vista No. 3 be released subject to
approval and inspection of the Public Works Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the release of the bond on Westleigh No. it. Mr. George Wade said that
this checked out with the exception of work to be done on the southwest comer of Barnard
Drive and Westleigh Drive.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the bond on Westleigh No. it be released subject to completion
of work on the southwest comer of Barnard and Westleigh Drives.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the final map of Hyde Park Tract No. it was considered. Mr. Karsten Bronken,
engineer for the subdivision, was present to discuss the matter with the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the final map of Hyde Park Tract No. 4 be approved and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Director of Public Works George E. Wade requested permission to purchase traffic
paint from the Pacific Paint & Varnish Company, located at Berkeley, California. Mr. Wade
explained that this paint was a high grade type of paint, and would cost approximately $800.00.
Permission was granted for the purchase of this item which is included in the budget.

Mr. William Loretta presented a request to move a house from 906 South 1st Street to 505 Madison
Avenue for consideration by the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the request to move a house from 906 South 1st Street to 505
Madison Avenue be approved, subject to plans on file with the Building Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

4-6-35

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning
H. F. Ahmanson

ALTA VISTA NO. 3
Release of Bonds

WESTLEIGH NO. 4
Release of Bond

HYDE PARK NO. 4
Final Map

TRAFFIC PAINT
Purchase

HOUSE MOVING