SEWER IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM
Extra Work

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-2
Estimate #4

PLANS AND SPECIFICATIONS
City Sewage Treatment Plant



PAYMENT	

Ralph O. Dixson

PAYMENT - SCHEDULE A
Charles A. Dorfman



ENGINEERING SERVICES
Sewage Effluent Reservoir

ARCHITECT PROPOSED
Auditorium

FINAL MAP

Judy Rich Tract

FINAL MAP
McNeil Tract No. 3



SUBDIVISION POLICY



TENTATIVE MAP
Charleston Heights No. 1



RIGHT OF WAY DEED
Las Vegas Land & Water

Commissioner Sharp moved the payment to Ideal Asphalt Paving Co. for extra work on the
Sewer Improvement Program in the total amount of $3,063.70 he approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the payment to Ideal Asphalt, Estimate No. 4 on Assessment
District No. 100-22 in the total amount of $15,380.95 be approved and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Engineer be authorized to proceed with plans and
specifications for enlargements and modifications to certain principal units of the
City Sewage Treatment Plant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the payment to Ralph O. Dixson of 50% of the amount withheld
from last payment in the total amount of $4,663.17 be approved and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final payment to Charles A. Dorfman on Schedule A in the
total amount of $8,862.15 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved to authorize the City Engineer to procure engineering services
and drawing s to complete the Sewage Effluent Reservoir.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the proposal of Vernon Welborn as architect for remodeling
of the auditorium be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Judy Rich Tract, formerly known as Tam Tract
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed
his vote.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of the final map of McNeil Tract No. 3.

Mr. George Rudiak appeared before the Board at this time protesting the acceptance of
this final map stating that the subdividers have not complied with the installations
of streets and street lighting and there is to be 86 lots instead of the original 80 lots.

Mr. George Franklin appeared before the Board at this time in favor of having this final
map accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved this final map of McNeil Tract No. 3 be held in abyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved in the public interest to hold up on subdivisions in the
sparsely built areas west of the railroad tracks until such time as the Planning
Commission and the Planning Department ascertain where the rights of way should go.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved to hold this tentative map of Charleston Heights No. 1 in
abeyance until such time as the street pattern is worked out.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

A this time the Board considered an easement from the Las Vegas Land and Water Company
for sewer and road purposes through Section 26, Tj20S, R6lE, MDB&M.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 17th day of March, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 17th
day of March, 1954, executed by the Las Vegas Land and Water Company

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
 therein be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and