DETECTIVE APPLICATIONS
Glen O. Buckland

Jack Barlow and
Ralph Lamb

SILVER STATE ELKS CLUB
Carnival

USE PERMIT
Boulder City
Broadcasting Co.

DAMAGES CLAIM

Mary E. Fenninger

QUIET TITLE SUIT

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Change of Owner

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Glen O. Buckland for a detective agency
license be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Jack Barlow and Ralph Lamb for a detective
agency license be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the request of Silver State Elks Club for permission
to hold a carnival on F Street between McWilliams and Morgan Avenues on March 22 to 27,

1955.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this request to hold a carnival be referred to the Fire
Chief and Police Chief for report at the next meeting March 2, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Jarrett; Sharp, Whipple; and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

The request of the Boulder City Broadcasting Company for extension of six months on the
Use Permit granted for the construction of a shopping center on 25th Street south of
Owens Avenue was considered by the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this request for extension of six months on a use permit
be denied; and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas; Nevada; in
a regular meeting on the 16th day of February; 1955, having considered the application
of the Boulder City Broadcasting Company for an extension of six months on the use permit
granted for the construction of a shopping center on 25th Street south of Owens Avenue;
and

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the Boulder
City Broadcasting Company for an extension of six months on the use permit granted for
the construction of a shopping center on 25th Street south of Owens Avenue; be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Jarrett; Sharp; Whipple; and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

At this time the Board considered the claim of Mary E. Fenninger in the amount of
$35,000.00 for damages received in a fall on the sidewalk on South 2nd Street and Garces
Street.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this claim for damages be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Jarrett; Sharp; Whipple; and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the City Attorney presented the problem of a quiet title suit filed by Joe
Hufford against the City and others; being Case No. 64172 in the District Court. This
action concerns Lots 7, 8 and a portion of 9 of the Re-Plat of Lot "L", Park Place
Addition. Mr. Cannon recommended that his office be given authorization to file a
disclaimer of any right in this action.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the City Attorney be authorized to file a
disclaimer in Case No. 64172.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Jarrett; Sharp; Whipple; and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following cigarette license applications be approved:

THRIFTY DRUG STORES CO.	INC.	317	Fremont	W.	Lee Christie

FISHER DRUG CO.	501	No. Main	E.	A. Pollard Jr.

REGAL PETROLEUM CORPORATION

OF LAS VEGAS	329	So. 5th	K.	Roepke

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the liquor application of the Dollar Market, 433 North
Main, owned by Milton Mason & Morris Diamond, for a retail beverage license be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the liquor application of Herman J. Sousa for a tavern
license for the Eight Ball Bar, 117 No. 1st, formerly issued to Abe and Robert Kroloff,
be held until the next meeting, March 2, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

2-16-55