Mayor Baker announced that a committee composed of Commissioners Bunker and Sharp
had been appointed to select a name for the new teen age recreation center. Com-
missioner Bunker reported that this committee had selected the name of Robert F.

Dula Memorial Recreation Center, and had presented this matter to his mother, Mrs.
Gladys Dula, who was pleased to have the recreation center named for her son.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the teen age recreation center, located
on East Bonanza Road, be named the "Robert F. Dula Memorial Recreation Center",
and a resolution be submitted by the City Attorney offering our condolences to
Sergeant Dula's father, mother and wife, expressing appreciation from the Board
for the services of Sergeant Dula to the City of Las Vegas, and made a part of
the minutes; copies of said resolution to be sent to the family of Sergeant Dula.

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas desire to record
their deep sorrow at the death of Sgt. Robert F. Dula, Jr., of the Las Vegas Police
Department, who died while in the performance of his duties; and

WHEREAS, his work, interest in, and considerate understanding of the problems
confronting the young people of the City of Las Vegas and his work with the Police
Department made him an outstanding member of the community; and

WHEREAS, it is fitting and proper that his name be forever memorialized to
the citizens of the City of Las Vegas by naming the recently completed Recreation
Center the "Robert F. Dula Memorial Recreation Center",

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, at a regular meeting held on April 20, 1955, that the said Board hereby
gives formal expression of the loss suffered by the City of Las Vegas and does
hereby note in its records the passing from this life of a man who was esteemed
by his associates, loved by his friends, respected by all, and a devoted public
servant.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the recently completed recreation building
located at Fifth Street and Bonanza Road be named the

"ROBERT F. DULA MEMORIAL RECREATION CENTER".

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be tendered to his
family as an humble expression of the Board's heartfelt sympathy in its bereavement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Jack Harris of the Harris Parking Company appeared before the Board of Commis-
sioners at this time requesting approval of the proposed parking garage to be con-
structed at the present location of the El Patio Hotel at 115 North 2nd Street.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the architectural design for the proposed parking
garage to be located at 115 North Second Street be approved and the same incorporated
into the permit with the building plans and filed in the Building Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner
Sharp stated that the firm of Zick and Sharp were architects for the building and
passed his vote.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application for the
vacation of a portion of Bonneville between 13th and 14th Streets, deferred from the
March 16, 1955 meeting pending report of the Traffic and Parking Commission, the
matter was considered by the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the public hearing on the vacation of a portion of
Bonneville between 13th and 14th Streets be continued until the next meeting of the
Board on May 5, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the request of Mrs. Evelyn McDougall for reduction
of solicitors license for Mrs. Kaufman to sell Childcraft.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the request of Mrs. Evelyn McDougall for reduction of
solicitors license for Mrs. Kaufman to sell Childcraft be approved and said license
issued on the general mercantile schedule.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the request of Mr. Aaron Frankel, solicitor of
P. J. Collier & Son Encyclopedias for reduction of license fee. Mr. Frankel has
held a license for three weekly period.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this request for a reduction of solicitors license
be continued until the next regular meeting May 4, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 Consideration of the Board was given to the appeal filed April 8, 1955 on the use per-
mit granted March 30, 1955 to Dr. Rulon B. Whitehead, U-14-55, for permission to con-
struct a one-story dental office in the 300 block on Maryland Parkway (Lots 11 & 12
Block 9, Pioneer Heights Addition) in an R-4 zone.

4-20-55

RECREATION CENTER
Name

PARKING GARAGE
Design

PUBLIC HEARING
Bonneville
Vacation

SOLICITORS LICENSE
Reduction

SOLICITORS LICENSE
Reduction

USE PERMIT

Dr. R. B. Whitehead

U-14-55