LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Changes

Playland Bar

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Changes
Footprinters

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Renewal

change of owner
Eldorado Arcade

Playland Arcade
and Bar

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional



New Locations



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Height Regulation

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

His Honor appointed Commissioner Sharp and Whipple as members of the committee to study
the above mentioned matter and report back at the next regular meeting to be held
August the 18th, 1954.

Mr. William Morse, representing the Estate of George G. Parry was present at this time.

Mr. Morse requested that the liquor license for the Playland Bar, 131 South 1st
Street be transferred to Mrs. Adeline Orlando, and explained that while Dr. O. L. Parry
had been appointed administrator of the Estate of his brother, George G. Parry,

Dr. Parry was unable to comply with the residence requirements of the liquor
licensing ordinance. Mr. Morse further explained that Mrs. Orlando had been the
manager of George G. Parry's business for approximately ten years.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the tavern liquor license of the Playland Bar, 131
South 1st Street be transferred to the Estate of George G. Parry and Mrs. Adeline
Orlando, subject to favorable investigation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner
Jarrett stated that he writes insurance for this concern, and would like the Board
to be aware of this fact.

Consideration was given to the application of the Footprinters for transfer of the Club
Liquor license issued to the Veterans' Club of Southern Nevada. Mr. George Schnurle,
president of the local chapter of the Footprinters' Association appeared before the
Board and discussed the matter with them. Mr. Schnurle explained that Mr. F. E. Ellis
would be retained as co-custodian for the Footprinters at the present time. Mr.

John Mendoza was also present at this time and stated that the Footprinters'

Association have entered into an agreement with the Veterans' Club with an option to
purchase within a year.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the Club Liquor License of the Veterans' Club of
Southern Nevada for the third quarter of 1954 be transferred to the Footprinters'
Association.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 Commissioner Whipple moved the application of N. G. Wing, Silver Cafe, 106 North 1st
Street for renewal of license of five slot machines for the third quarter of 1954 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of W. Howard Adams for license for 15 slot machines at the Eldorado
Arcade, 4 Fremont, formerly issued to Russell D. Lewis was considered at this time. The
Board was advised that Mr. Adams had received his license from the State Tax Commission
for the operation of this arcade.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of W. Howard Adams, dba,

Eldorado Arcade, 4 Fremont for license for 15 slot machines for the third quarter of 1954
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the application of the Estate of George G. Parry by Dr. O. L. Parry
for license for 54 slot machines at the Playland Arcade, 129 South 1st Street and
5 slot machines at the Playland Bar, 131 South 1st Street.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the Estate of George G. Parry
by Dr. 0. L. Parry for license for the third quarter of 1954 for 54 slot machines at
the Playland Arcade and 5 slot machines at the Playland Bar be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the El Cortez Hotel Casino by J. K.

Houssels, 612 Fremont for addition of 11 slot machines for the third quarter of 1954
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Tom Rolofson for license for 2 slot
machines at Hamburger Heaven, 1215 E. Street for the third quarter of 1954 the same
being a new location be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Glenn Sales by W. H. Adams for license for
3 slot machines for the third quarter of 1954 at Vegas Vacationer's Bureau at 209
Fremont be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Jarrett and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed Height
Regulation ordinance requested additional time before reporting, and asked that a
public hearing be held on this matter.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing be held September 15, 1954
at 8:00 P.M.

8-4-54