BOY SCOUT PARKING AREA
Pahlen Construction Co.

PAYMENT - CENTRAL FIRE STA.
Leslie Elson Co.

EXTENSION OF TIME
McNeil Tract No. 2

FINAL MAP
McNeil Tract No. 3

PETITION - Street Name
Elm Drive

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Richard & Feriland White
V-24-54
Denied

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Lewis V. Meehan

V-25-54

Approved

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of the Boy Scout Parking Area
and payment in full (less 10%) to Pahlen Construction Co. in the amount of
$3,402.95.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this payment to Pahlen Construction Co.
be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when
prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Whipple passed his vote.

At this time the Board considered the payment to the Leslie Elson Company,

Estimate #1, on the addition to the Central Fire Station in the total amount
of $6,793.76.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this payment to Leslie Elson Company
be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when
prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At this time the Board considered the request of Thomas Beam for extension of
time on McNeil Tract No. 2.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Thomas Beam be granted an extension of time
until September 1, 1954, on McNeil Tract No. 2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At this time the acceptance of the final map of McNeil Tract No. 3 was con-
sidered by the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that a public hearing be set on this
matter for April 21, 1954, at 7:30 P.M. and the City Clerk notify all property
owners in this area.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At this time a petition from property owners to retain the name of Elm Drive
now known as Tonopah Drive was presented to the Board for consideration.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved to refer this petition to the Planning
Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

The application of Richard and Feriland White for a variance to maintain an
appliance repair shop to include lawn mower sharpening at 120 New York Street,
as recommended by the Planning Commission, was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning
Commission be accepted, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas in a regular meeting on the 7th day of April, 1954, having considered
the application of Richard and Feriland White for a variance to maintain an
appliance repair shop to include lawn mower sharpening at 120 New York Street;
and

The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission
recommending denial of this application:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application
of Richard and Feriland White, V-24-54, be and the same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

The application of Lewis V. Meeham for a variance to construct and maintain an
apartment unit in addition to two which exist to within 8 feet of the side
property line facing Ogden and within 5 feet of the inside property line on
Lot 2, Block 8, Ladds Addition, as recommended by the Planning Commission, was
considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission
be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
in a regular meeting on the 7th day of April, 1954, having considered the appli-
cation of Lewis V. Meehan for a variance to construct and maintain an apart-
ment unit in addition to two which exist and to within 8 feet of the side pro-
perty line facing Ogden and within 5 feet of the inside property line, on Lot
2, Block 8, Ladds Addition; and

The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission
recommending approval of this application subject to 9 feet as a side yard on
property facing Ogden and 8 feet from the inside property line: