each additional 40 acres. It should be filed with the
City Clerk, referred to the Planning Commission, City
Manager and Engineering Departments; then to the City
Attorney and finally to the City Manager for placing of
the item on the agenda for Commission action.

Mayor Baker referred the resolution on procedure for annexation
of territory to the City to Commissioners Bunker and Fountain
for recommendation.

Commissioners Bunker and Fountain were appointed by Mayor Baker
as a committee for recommendation on the installation of parking
meters on Carson between 5th and 7th, Ogden between 5th and 6th
Fremont between 9th and Bruce; 5th from linden to Oakey; Main
from Bridger to 5th and E. Charleston from Main to 15th.

Mayor Baker appointed Commissioners Bunker and Fountain as a
committee for recommendation on whether or not curb parking should
be eliminated on 5th Street from South City Limits to Oakey Blvd.

At this time Director of Public Works George E. Wade recommended
the acceptance of improvements and release of bonds on Stock
Subdivision #1 in the amount of $13,500.00. Mr. Wade reported
that all work has been completed in accordance with the agreements.

Commissioner Whipple moved the off-site improvements in Stocks
Subdivisions #1 and #2 be accepted and the bonds released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Director of Public Works George Wade presented the matter of the
San Francisco Street Crossing to the Board. He stated that
$4,900.00 had been paid by the City. Actual billing as shown
in statement by the County is the amount of $6,635.59, leaving
a balance due of $1,735.39. Funds for this work are included
in ,the 1955 Budget, and he recommended that this amount be paid.

Commissioner Sharp moved that authorization to pay $1,735.39
for the San Francisco Street Crossing be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners BUnker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. George Wade presented the final map of Rancho Park and
recommended its acceptance. The Commission was advised that
the performance bond was a personal property bond. The Board
was further advised that sidewalks in this tract were eliminated
except on Alta Drive.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the final map of Rancho Park be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner BUnker and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the application of the City of Las Vegas to maintain
a prison farm on property described as N½ of the NE¼ of Section 36,
T20S, R61E, MDB&M was considered by the Board. This application
for a use permit was approved by the Board of Adjustment because
of public need for such an institution and because this section
of the City is relatively undeveloped by housing.

It was recommended that the City Engineer contact the property
owners prior to the public hearing on this use permit to be held
on September 7, 1955, to explain the proposed plans for this
development.

Mr. George Wade presented the tentative map of Knollcrest Estates
Tract No. 1. This tentative map was referred to the Engineering
Department for study and recommendation concerning the street pattern
and proper drainage of the entire area, due to the fact that this
drainage runs almost directly into the Eastwood area. The recommen-
dation of the Planning Commission was that this map be approved
subject to an equitable agreement with the Las Vegas School District.

This tentative map of Knollcrest Estates Tract No. 1 was referred
to the subdivider for correction and resubmission to the Commission

At this time the Board considered the request of George Arquilla to
add the name of Augustus Drew to the gaming and liquor licenses for
the California Club, 101-105 Fremont.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the request of George Arquilla to
add the name of Augustus Drew to the gaming and liquor licenses
for the California Club, 101-105 Fremont, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

PARKING METERS
Referred to
Committee

FIFTH STREET PARKING

STOCKS SUBDIVISION
Tracts 1 & 2
Acceptance & RElease
of Bond

SAN FRANCISCO STREET
CROSSING

FINAL MAP
Rancho Park

USE PERMIT
City of Las Vegas
U-25-55

TENTATIVE MAP
Knollcrest Estates
Tract No. 1

GAMING APPLICATION
California Club
Addition of Partner

8-3-55