VARIANCE

Rose Holding Corp.
V-57-54

VARIANCE
G. Harmon and

W. W. Mecham

V-58-54

VARIANCE

Nevada Homes
V-56-54

VARIANCE

Desert Sales Corp.
V-59-54

VARIANCE

Dr. Charles I. West
V-60-54

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Angelo Sismondo
for a variance to vary the minimum rear-yard requirements in an R-4 zone in the construction
of an open carport at 220 South 10th Street, he and the same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

At this time the Board considered the application of Rose Holding Corp. for a Variance
to authorize the conversion of a 3-unit building to a 10-unit apartment-office building
on Lot 3, Block 24, Valley View Addition (106 Van Buren), denied by the Board of Adjustment.

Mr. Louis Davidson was present and requested that this matter be held over until the next
meeting. This request was granted.

The application of G. Harmon and W. W. Mecham to vary side and rear yard requirements of
the center lot, part of Lot 19, all of Lots 20 and 21, and part of Lot 22, Block 10,

Meadows Addition, in an R-4 zone when three building sites are created of Lots 18 through 23,
Block 10, Meadows Addition (240-244 W. Cincinnati), was considered by the Board at this time.
This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be approved
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 1st day of December, 1954, having considered the application of
G. Harmon and W. W. Mecham for a Variance to vary side and rear yard requirements of the
center lot, part of Lot 19, all of Lots 20 and 21, and part of Lot 22, Block 10, Meadows
Addition, in an R-4 zone when three building sites are created of Lots 18 through 23,

Block 10, Meadows Addition (240-244 W. Cincinnati); and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of G. Harmon and
W. W. Mecham for a Variance to vary side and rear yard requirements of the center lot,
part of Lot 19, all of Lots 20 and 21, and part of Lot 22, Block 10, Meadows Addition, in
an R-4 zone when three building sites are created of Lots 18 through 23, Block 10, Meadows
Addition (240-244 W. Cincinnati), be approved, and the inspection departments are author-
ized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

At this time the Board considered the application of Nevada Homes to vary minimum rear
yard requirements in an R-1 zone, Lot 12, Block 14, and Lots 7, 12, 13 and 15, Block 15,
of Charleston Heights No. 3. This application was denied by the Board of Adjustment.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regular
meeting on the 1st day of December, 1954, having considered the application of Nevada
Homes for a Variance to vary minimum rear yard requirements in an R-1 zone, Lot 12, Block
14, and Lots 7, 12, 13 and 15, Block 15, of Charleston Heights No. 3; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Nevada Homes for
a Variance to vary minimum rear yard requirements in an R-1 zone, Lot 12, Block 14, and
Lots 7, 12, 13 and 15, Block 15, of Charleston Heights No. 3, be and the same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the application of Desert Sales Corp. to
vary the use of the R-4 zone by maintaining and operating a garden nursery on the south
side of West Charleston Boulevard between Desert Lane and Western Street. This application
was approved by the Board of Adjustment.

Mr. John F. Cahlan was present to protest this application. He also represented Mr. Ed
Barrett who resides at 1604 West Charleston. Mr. Elwin Leavitt presented a petition in
protest and there were twelve people present who objected to this Variance.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that a Public Hearing be held December 20, 1954 on
this application.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

Dr. Charles I. West was present to request approval of his application to vary the use of
R-1 zone by maintaining a doctor's office in connection with the residence at 605 Wyatt
Street. This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this Variance be approved subject to the restrictions of
the Board of Adjustment and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 1st day of December, 1954, having considered the application of
Dr. Charles I. West for a Variance to vary the use of R-1 zone by maintaining a doctor's
office in connection with the residence at 605 Wyatt Street; and

12-1-54