FIRE ALARM SYSTEM
Agreement

PROPOSED PARK

BUDGET

GOLF COURSE

At this time the proposed agreement with the Southern Nevada Telephone Company for
the installation of a fire alarm system in the ducts of the Telephone Company was
presented for consideration.

Commissioner Sharp moved this agreement be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

Commissioner Sharp presented the proposal of Bisno and Bisno to sell the City twelve
acres of land for park purposes. This property is north of Berkley Square and west of
Sunset Manor.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be authorized to negotiate for the purchase
of this property from Bisno and Bisno.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

At this time Assistant City Manager Robert W. Notti presented the latest total budget
figure for 1955 as $2,971,650.00, together with a breakdown of expenses requested by
Departments. It was agreed that this figure should be used as a basis for making up the
copy of the Budget that is to be submitted to the State Tax Commission. After this figure
was approved there was some discussion on selling some City land to pay for additional
land that might be acquired for recreational or park purposes.

City Manager George Rounthwaite reported that arrangements had been made for the Las Vegas
Golf Association to take over the operation of the Golf Course.

Commissioner Sharp moved these arrangements be accepted as written and incorporated in the
Minutes. Mr. Rounthwaite's memorandum is as follows:

"In a recent meeting with the Las Vegas Golf Board, the method of operation, organization
and duties of the employees for the ensuing year has been firmed to the point of being
delineated based on existing ordinances as follows:

Section 29, which is Ordinance No. 257, Paragraph 4, quotes as follows:

POWERS OF BOARD AS TO OPERATION OF MUNICIPAL GOLF COURSE GENERALLY: LIMITATION AS TO
INDEBTEDNESS. 'The Las Vegas Golf board shall have the power and authority to improve,
supervise, maintain and operate within the limit of the means provided for that
purpose, the municipal golf course now owned by the city, and to employ such persons
and such help and assistance as such board may deem necessary in furtherance thereof;
provided, however, that no expense or indebtedness shall be incurred in, about or
relating to the municipal golf course without the approval of the Board of Commissioners
of the City first having been obtained.'

Section 30 reads as follows:

AUTHORITY OF BOARD TO ESTABLISH GREEN FEES, ADOPT RULES AND REGULATIONS, ETC., FOR
OPERATION OF MUNICIPAL GOLF COURSE. 'Subject to the consent and approval of the Board
of Commissioners of the City, the Las Vegas Golf Board shall have the power to fix
and establish green fees and any other charges to be made to the general public for
playing upon the municipal golf course or for any of the privileges in connection
therewith, and to adopt rules and regulations for the operation of the municipal golf
course and for the enjoyment of any privileges in reference to, and in connection
with the same.'

Section 31 is noted as follows:

INVENTORY OF EQUIPMENT AND REPORT OF PROGRESS OF ACTIVITIES. 'The Las Vegas Golf Board
shall, when required by the Board of Commissioners of the City and annually in all
events, submit to the Board of Commissioners of the City an inventory of equipment
and supplies on hand, and a report generally covering the progress of the activities
of such Board.'

Also, Section 32, sets up the method of providing funds for its operation, as follows:

ESTIMATE OF FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS. 'On or before the first day of February in each
year, the Las Vegas Golf Board shall submit to the Board of Commissioners of the
City an estimate of the financial requirements for the ensuing year, and also an
itemized estimate of equipment required to conduct and maintain the municipal golf
course for the ensuing year.'

A letter of intent has also been received from the secretary of the Las Vegas Golf
Board, which makes the following points and brings the operation in line with any and
all other departments of the City, as follows:

2-21-55