ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-27

Public Hearing On
Assessment Roll
No. 32-19%

CONTRACT

Concession Rights

POLICE DEPARTMENT
SALARIES



USE PERMIT
Child Nursery
Mr. & Mrs. Kenneth
Burr

COUNTY FIRE PROTECTION

CEMETERY CARE FUND
INVESTMENT

COMPLAINT

Stoney's Jewelry &
Loan



BUILDING AREA
RESTRICTION

Jubilee Tract

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Mayor Pro Tem announced that this was the continuation of the time and
place designated for the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada to meet and review the assessments and hear any objections to said
assessments which may be made on the proposed improvements in Assessment
District No. 100-27, as shown on Assessment Roll No. 32-1954.

The Mayor Pro Tem asked if any written objections concerning said assess-
ment roll had been filed in the office of the City Clerk, The City Clerk
answered there had been no objections filed in her office prior to said
meeting.

The Mayor Pro Tem then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any fur-
ther objections, suggestions or comments, or raise any questions concern-
ing said special assessment roll. There were no objections, suggestions
or comments voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the hearing on this Assessment Roll
No. 32-1954 be recessed until May 10, 1954 and the following resolution
adopted:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, and the officers thereof, have taken
action to improve certain streets and parts of streets, therein, to be
known as Assessment District No. 100-27; and

WHEREAS, the said City has directed the preparation of an assess-
ment roll; and

WHEREAS, such assessment roll was filed on the 21st day of April,

19%; and

WHEREAS, a public protest hearing was held on the 3rd day of May,

1954; and

WHEREAS, the hearing on said roll was recessed until the 5th day of
May, 19%; and

WHEREAS, said roll is not yet ready for confirmation.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a recessed regular meeting held on the 5th day of May,
1954 that the hearing on the confirmation of said roll is hereby recessed
until the 10th day of May, 19% at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the Board considered the matter of a contract for the con-
cession rights at the City Ball Park, Swimming Pool, and Cashman Field.

Discussion was held and the Board decided to hold this matter in abey-
ance until May 10, 1954.

At this time the Board considered the recommendation of the Civil Service
Board on the Police Department salaries.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved to hold this matter in abeyance until
May 10, 19%.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the Board considered the request of Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Burr
for a use permit to operate a child nursery at 721 East Charleston.

Discussion was held and it was requested by the Commission that this re-
quest for a use permit be sent through the regular channels before coming
to the Board for consideration.

At this time the Board considered the matter of County Eire Protection and
decided to hold this matter in abeyance.

At this time the Board considered the matter of investing the Cemetery
Care Fund in investors Mutual Funds and decided to hold this matter in
abeyance until a full Board is present.

Mr. F. D. Person appeared before the Board at this time to register a
complaint against Stoney's Jewelry and Loan. Mr. Pierson claimed that the
interest rate charged was too high. He was advised by the Board that since
he had a complaint pending in Municipal Court, no action could be taken
until a decision has been rendered by said Court.

At this time Mr. Ed Schmidt appeared before the Board concerning the build-
ing area restrictions in the Jubilee Tract, formerly known as Herr Estates
Subdivision. Mr. Schmidt stated that it was his understanding and the
understanding of other property owners in this vicinity that the Commission
would impose a minimum building restriction of 1200 square feet in this
area. Mr. Schmidt further stated that this was the reason that the pro-
perty owners that originally protested the proposed rezoning of Herr
Estates Subdivision in May of 1953 had consented to withdraw their protest,
but that the minutes of the Commission had never shown this restriction.

5-5-54