Van Buren Ave.

Washington

Adams, Jefferson, "L"
& Madison

Vegas Drive

REDUCTIONS OF SOLICITORS
LICENSE FEE

LIQUOR LICENSE
3rd Qtr. 1954

Food Center

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of right-of-way deeds for street
purposes on Van Buren Avenue dated and executed as follows:

a.	Dated	June 3,	1954,	executed	by	Deborah &	Odia Adams

b.	Dated	May 25,	1954,	executed	by	Excell J.	Barren

c.	Dated June 26, 1954, executed by Ola H. and Ernest Garner

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unanimously
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of July, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark State of Nevada, that the deeds dated and executed
as follows:

a.	Dated	June 3,	1954,	executed	by	Deborah &	Odia Adams

b.	Dated	May 25,	1954,	executed	by	Excell J.	Barren

c.	Dated June 26, 1954, executed by Ola H. and Ernest Garner

to the City of Las Vegas, County, of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions
as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for street
purposes on Washington Avenue, dated the 15th day of June, 1954 executed by the Clark
County Dairymen, Inc.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unanimously,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of July, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 15th day of
June, 1954, executed by the Clark County Dairymen, Inc., to the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be
and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for street
purposes on Adams, Jefferson, "L", and Madison Avenues dated the 23rd day of June, 1954,
and executed by Juluas and Mary L. Robinson.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of July, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 23rd day of June,
1954, executed by Juluas and Mary L. Robinson to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for street
purposes on Vegas Drive, dated the 1st day of July, 1954, and executed by John H. and
Katheleen Williams.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unanimously,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of July, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 1st day of
July, 1954, and executed by John H. and Katheleen Williams to the City of Las Vegas
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be,
and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.



At this time the Board considered the request of Mrs. Larsen for the reduction of
solicitors license fee for eight school teachers to sell World Book Encyclopedia's
during the summer months.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the license fees be reduced to $5.00 per quarter
for each solicitor.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application for change of liquor license from Retail
Package to Retail Package (Minature) of H. Levy for the 3rd Quarter of 1954, at the
Food Center, 770 Fremont, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

7-7-54