OPENING OF BIDS
No. 55.06
Seed

OPENING OF BIDS
No. 55.07
Fertilizer

PUBLIC HEARING
Variance
G. C. Luzier

REZONING

David Zenoff

DEMOLITION ORDER
Mrs. Dena Goldring

REZONING

A. C. Delkin

Garden Center
Desert Nursery
Ed Von Tobel (no bid)

Clark County Wholesale Mercantile Company

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the above bids be referred to the City Manager for
study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for opening of Bid No. 55.07 for fertilizer for the Golf Course,
bids were received from the following firms:

Garden Center
Ed Von Tobel (no bid)

Desert Nursery

Clark County Wholesale Mercantile Co.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the above bids be referred to the City Manager for study
and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the petition of G. C. Luzier of the
denial of his application for variance to vary the use of an R-1 zone at 720-730 South
6th Street by maintaining a private parking area for the customers of Cliff's 5th Street
Market, the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections.

Mr. Herbert Jones, representing Mr. Luzier, asked that he be allowed the privilege of
speaking after protests to this variance had been voiced.

His Honor asked for a standing count of the people present who were protesting the
variance. The following people stood:	Mr. Richard Smith, Mr. J. Will Carson, Mr. Wm.

Coulthard for P. 0. Silvagni, Mr. Joe Conroy, Mr. Dave Berman, and Mr. Walter Hunsaker.

Messrs. Richard Smith, Joe Conroy and Wm. Coulthard on behalf of P. O. Silvagni, spoke
in protest of this variance.

Mr. Fred Neilsen, Carl Apple, and Mr. and Mrs. Clyde Keagle for Mrs. Mosso, indicated
that they were in favor of the variance.

His Honor announced that it was the decision of the Commission that this hearing be
closed and the Board would take the matter under advisement to see what could be worked
out. He further stated that the interested parties would be notified of the decision
of the Commission.

At this time the Board considered the application of David Zenoff for reclassification
of Lots 11 to 13 and Lots 22 to 32, Block 34 of South Addition and all of Block 13,

Wardie Addition; all of Block "B" Wardie Addition; Lots 1 to 8 and northerly portion
of Lot 9, Block 1, Vega Verde Addition; Lot 1, Block 1 of Huntridge Tract No. 1; and
portions of two lots located between 7th & 8th Streets from R-1 and R-3 to C-1. This
entire area is generally described as both sides of East Charleston between 7th and
10th Streets, Z-4-55. This application was denied by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Whipple moved that a public hearing on the application of David Zenoff for
rezoning from R-1 and R-3 to C-1 of the above described property be held April 6, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given at this time to the demolition order on 124-124½ North 1st Street,
property owned by Mrs. Dena Goldring.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this demolition order on 124-124½ North 1st Street be
referred to the Board of Appeals.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the appeal of A. C. Delkin of the denial of his
application for rezoning of Lots 6 and 7, Block 2, Pioneer Heights from R-4 to C-2. This
application was denied by the Board of Commissioners February 16, 1955.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing on the application of A. C. Delkin for
rezoning of Lots 6 and 7, Block 2, Pioneer Heights from R-4 to C-2 be set for April 6,
1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 9:15 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at 9:35 P.M. with
all members present as of the opening session.

3-16-55