Commissioner Sharp moved that the public hearing on this vacation be held in
abeyance until the regular meeting on February 2, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the appeal of the denial
of the application of Rose Holding Corporation for variance to use the property at 106
Van Buren for a 10-unit apartment-office building, continued from January 5, 1955, His
Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Mr. Bills stated that the Board of Adjustment recommended that this variance be denied.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Rose Holding Corporation for variance
be denied, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in a
regular meeting on the 19th day of January, 1955; having considered the application of
Rose Holding Corporation for variance to use the property at 106 Van Buren for a 10-unit
apartment-office building; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment recommending
that this application be denied;

NOW; THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Rose Holding
Corporation for a variance to use the property at 106 Van Buren be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Rose Holding Corporation be directed to immediately make
this building conform to the law, and the City Attorney's office directed to take the
necessary action to make them comply.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Alonzo Holt, distributor of Rawleigh Products appeared before the Board at this
time to request a reduction in his solicitors license. This license was reduced to
$5.00 per month by the Board on November 17, 1954 until the end of the year. Mr. Holt
requested that this reduction be continued.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the solicitors license for Mr. Alonzo Holt be reduced to
$5.00 per quarter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of J. Edward Bungay to use the
apartment at 1002 E. Lewis as an advisory service for an interior decorating business.

Mr. Bills stated that this use permit had been approved by the Board of Adjustment for
a period of ninety days.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this application for use permit be approved for ninety
days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and lost by the following vote:	Commissioners

Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioners Jarrett, Bunker and His Honor.

At this time the Board considered the application of William L. Dubovik for rezoning of
Lots 18 and 19, Block 23, Wardie Addition and Lots 29 and 30, Block 24, Pioneer Heights
Addition from R-3 to C-2 to provide off-street parking for future medical-dental offices
on Garces Avenue. This application for rezoning was denied by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and
this application for rezoning denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the petition of Murray Wollman for annexation of a portion of the
SE¼ of Section 1, T21S, R61E, MDB&M at this time, as approved by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this petition for annexation be continued until February

2; 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the petition for vacation of an alley in Block 2, Meadows
Addition at this time. This petition was denied by the Planning Commission.

1-19-55

VARIANCE -

Rose Holding Corp.

SOLICITORS LICENSE
Reduction

USE PERMIT -
J. Edward Bungay
U-49-54

REZONING -

William L. Dubovik
Z-44-54

ANNEXATION -
Murray Wollman

VACATION - Alley
Blk 2, Meadows Addn.