Flower Street
Stewart-Ogden Apts.

U. P. R. R.

CONDONATION SUIT
DISMISSED
U. P. R. R.

CIVIL SERVICE
Titles & Schedules

REMOVAL OF TRAILER
NOTICE

FUND TRANSFER

Traffic & Parking

LICENSE & REVENUE
SECTION

CITY MANAGER

Vacation Request

ADDRESSOGRAPH
Purchase of

BE IT RESOLVED, this 1st day of June, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 24th day of
May, 1955, executed by Thomas T. Beam to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the deed from the Stewart-Ogden Apartments to the City for
the widening of Flower Street, said deed dated May 16, 1955.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution was adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 1st day of June, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 16th day of
May, 1955; executed by Stewart-Ogden Apartments, Inc. to the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the deed from the Union Pacific Railroad to the City for
sewer easements in Sections 30 & 32, T20S, R61E, MDB&M.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution was adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 1st day of June, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement dated the 19th day of April,
1955; executed by Union Pacific Railroad Company, a corporation of the State of Utah,
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved the condemnation suit against the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, Land and Water Company and Water District, known as Case No. 65446 in District
Court, to secure the necessary area for the installation of sewer lines under the
general obligation bond issue of 1953; be dismissed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. George Rounthwaite asked that consideration of the Board on civil service recommen-
dation on change of titles and schedules in the Recreation Department be postponed until
the next meeting on June 15, 1955.

Mr. Rounthwaite stated that the form notice to remove trailers has been revised to show
the name of City of Las Vegas, and the proper department head signature.

At this time Mr. Rounthwaite asked permission of the Board to transfer funds to grant
$300.00 to the Traffic & Parking Commission to enable them to continue the traffic count
studies under way. Mr. Rounthwaite stressed the importance of this study.

Thereafter permission was granted.

Consideration of the Board was given to the organization of the license and revenue
section. Mr. Cannon stated that an ordinance will be required before such a division
can be organized.

It was suggested that the functions of the license and revenue sections be determined
and a meeting be arranged with the City Attorney.

Mr. George Rounthwaite requested that he be granted a vacation commencing June 13 to July
1, 1955. He stated that his assistant Robert W. Notti would be acting city manager
during that time. This permission was granted.

Messrs. Harold A. Laird and Robert Boos of the Finance Department appeared before the
Board requesting the purchase of addressograph and graphotype machines for this depart-
ment.

6-1-55