LIQUOR APPLICATION
New

GAMING APPLICATION
Additional

PARKING METER
PURCHASE

CITY PARK
Named

Hadland Park

WILDCAT LAIR
Use
YMCA

CITY MANAGER

Request for
Leave

WILDCAT LAIR

Teen-Age Club

LAND USE PLAN &

MASTER PLAN OF

STREETS & HWYS.

Public Hearing
Set

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Bob Baskin and Garland Minor for a
new restaurant beverage license for Bob Baskin's Restaurant at 117 North 5th Street be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the gaming application of Mels Coin for additional slots
at Jimmie's Liquor Store, 1400 E Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager George Rounthwaite requested approval of the purchase by the City of 500
parking meters, 264 of which are to be distributed in the following areas:

12th and Fremont	-	50

15th and Fremont	-	50

Main Street	-	50

So. 4th & Bridger	-	16

4th & Lewis	-	16

2nd, Bridger & Lewis	-	16

So. 1st, Bridger

& Lewis	-	16

The	other	 236 parking meters are to be	used	to	fill	in	areas	where	they	will	be	required.

In the	opinion	of	the City Manager the	type	of	parking	meter	manufactured	by	Duncan

Miller was the most practical type.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the purchase of 500 parking meters be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Bruce Trent, Recreation Superintendent, appeared before the Board at this time request-
ing the dedication of the park at Sunrise, and the naming of this park, Hadland Park, in
tribute to Kenneth Hadland, Park Superintendent.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the Sunrise Park be named Hadland Park.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the request from the YMCA for use of the Wildcat Lair Building was considered
by the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the City Manager be instructed to get together with the YMCA
on the use of the Wildcat Lair Building, provided a favorable report on the condition of
this building is received from the Building Department: also that he advise the officials
of the YMCA that there is a possibility that this building will be moved if the general
obligation bond issue on the prison farm is approved by the electors in the coming
municipal election.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager George Rounthwaite requested leave for military training duty March 28 to
April 8, 1955, at San Diego, California.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this permission be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Bruce Trent, Recreation Superintendent, reported that the Wildcat Lair Teen-Age Club
has 538 members. He requested police investigation of those few undesirables who
constitute a nuisance, be considered a matter of policy. The Board concurred with Mr.
Trent's recommendation.

At this time the Board considered the master plan of Streets and Highways. A public
hearing was set for April 6, 1955. The Commission also set this time for the public
hearing on the proposed Land Use Plan for the Bonanza Road Area.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Sharp
moved that the meeting recess until March 21, 1955 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

3-16-55