USE PERMIT APPLICATION
Kenneth & Mildred. Burr
U-10-54

YMCA BUILDING

CADILLAC ARMS
SUBDIVISION
Rezoning

JUBILEE TRACT
Building Area
Restrictions

LEASE

Las Vegas Archers

Club

REDUCTION OF SOLICITORS
FEE

Mrs. June Faulkner



MC NEIL TRACT NO. 3
Final Map

The Commission was advised that Messrs. Jack Wollenzien and J. L. Block had
withdrawn their protests as designated on the petition, after having seen the
plans for the improvement of this house.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this request to move a house to the south-
west comer lot on Cashman Drive and Hastings Street be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Kenneth and Mildred Burr for a use permit to operate and main-
tain a child nursery on the property situated at 721 East Charleston Boulevard
in an R-1 zone, as denied by the Board of Adjustment, was considered at this
time.

Mrs. Jake Kosloff appeared before the Board at this time with Mr. Jack Pursel,
stating that this was the type of nursery the Child Welfare Board was trying
to establish.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved a public hearing on this matter be set for
June 28, 1954 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. Truman Hinkle appeared before the Board to discuss the granting
or leasing of city owned land for the construction of a YMCA Building.

Mr. Hinkle's request concerned the "Ted Konduris" land owned by the City which
is on the north side of North 5th Street between Bonanza Road and Wilson Avenue.

Discussion was held on this matter and a meeting was set for June 7, 1954 at
7:30 P.M. to discuss the matter further.

Mr. Clem Malone appeared at this time requesting the retention of the C-2 zoning
of Cadillac Arms Subdivision which was approved by the Board of Commissioners on
January 7, 1953.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be referred to the Planning Commission for
study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Jack Pursel, Ed Schmidt and others appeared before the Board at this time con-
cerning the building area restrictions in the Jubilee Tract, formerly known as
Herr Estates.

Considerable discussion was held and the City Manager was instructed to arrange a
meeting with the Subdivider, Ben L. Bingham, and these property owners.

Mr. Merl Sage appeared before the Board at this time requesting the renewal of the
lease with the Las Vegas Archers Club for property near the Municipal Golf Course.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the lease to the Las Vegas Archers Club for
the property near the Municipal Golf Course be renewed for one year and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the solicitors license fee for Mrs. June Faulkner, area
manager for the sale of World Book Encyclopedia be reduced to $5.00 per quarter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. George Rudiak, spokesman for the property owners who have pro-
tested the approval of the final map of McNeil Tract No. 3 appeared before the
Board. Mr. Rudiak stated that they were willing to withdraw their protest if
certain conditions were met.

Mr. Thomas L. Beam subdivider for this proposed subdivision was also present and
stated that the agreement reached with the surrounding property owners was as
follows:

1.	That there be 6 lots instead of 7 shown, on the 1/2 block
facing Rancho Road. The 4 inside lots will have a frontage
of 120 feet and the 2 comer lots will have a frontage of
125 feet.

2.	There will be deed restrictions on the two comer lots of
the block on the south side of Mason Avenue to require the
major frontage of the houses to face Rancho Road and Strong
Drive.

3.	There will be a total of 57 lots in the proposed McNeil
Tract No. 3.

This matter was referred back to the Planning Commission with the above mentioned
recommendations for further study and report back to the Board of Commissioners.

6-2-54