LIQUOR & GAMING
APPLICATIONS
New

Moulin Rouge

LIQUOR & GAMING
APPLICATIONS
Change of Owners
Showboat

CIGARETTE LICENSE
Moulin Rouge

At this time Chief of Police A. H. Kennedy gave a report on the investigation of
the Police Department on the limited partnership of the Moulin Rouge, which includes
the following persons:

Louis Rubin
Alexander Bisno
Alfred R. Child
George Altman
Will Max Schwartz
Thomas Foley
Walter Zick
L. L. Ousley

Chief Kennedy reported that all these partners had been cleared, that an affidavit
had been filed that none of the other stockholders would have active interest in the
operation of the Moulin Rouge until they had been investigated by the Police Department
and approved by the Commission.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Louis Rubin, Alexander Bisno,
Alfred R. Child, George Altman, Will M. Schwartz, Thomas Foley, Walter Zick and L. L.
Ousley for a gaming license for the Moulin Rouge at 900 West Bonanza for 80 slots, 4
Craps, 5 "21" and 1 Roulette for the second quarter of 1955; and the application of
Louis Rubin and Thomas Foley for a tavern liquor license for the Moulin Rouge for the
second quarter of 1955 be approved.

Commissioner Sharp declared that the firm of Zick and Sharp did the architectural work
on the Moulin Rouge, but that he had no financial or cumulative interest whatsoever in
the operation. Commissioner Jarrett declared that he writes insurance for the Moulin
Rouge.

Commissioner Sharp then seconded the motion which carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the request of the El Cortez Enterprises for transfer of the liquor
and gaming licenses issued the Desert Showboat Inc. for the Showboat, 2800 Boulder High-
way. Chief Kennedy verified that these applicants had been cleared by his department
under their present operation of the El Cortez Hotel. The Board was further advised
that a letter was on file from Ruby Kolod, President of the Desert Showboat, Inc.
releasing all interest in the gaming and liquor licenses.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the application of El Cortez Enterprises for the
tavern liquor license and gaming license, including 81 slots, 4 "21", 3 Craps, 2 Roulette
and 1 Bingo, 500 Chairs for Bill Moore's Showboat for the second quarter of 1955, be
approved.

Commissioner Sharp declared that the firm of Zick and Sharp were the architects on the
Showboat, but that he has no financial or cumulative interest whatsoever in the operation.

Commissioner Jarrett stated that he writes insurance for William A. Moore and the El
Cortez and Showboat.

Commissioner Sharp then seconded the motion which carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Robert Powell and Harry Solavit for a license
for the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products at the Moulin Rouge Gem Shop,

900 W. Bonanza, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

5-23-55