Mr. George Wade recommended that the quitclaim deed from Lloyd T. and Ann G.

Jones for Washington Avenue he accepted. This parcel lies along the southwest
corner of the City Golf Course.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 17th day of August, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 25th day of July, 1955, executed by Lloyd T. Jones & Ann Greta Jones, husband
and wife, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this
Board.

Mr. George W de recommended that the quitclaim deed from Lloyd H. and Rae Tritle for
Washington Avenue be accepted. This parcel lies west of Twin Lakes No. 2.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 17th day of August, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 27th
day of July, 1955; executed by Lloyd H. Tritle and Rae Tritle, husband and wife,
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Mr. George Wade presented the matter of securing a sewer easement from Alfred H.
and Irene Britz on the west side of Stocker Avenue in North Las Vegas. He stated
that they were requesting monetary consideration of $1,500.00 for the proposed ease-
ment. Mr. Clem Malone has agreed to pay the City $1,500.00 with an agreement to pay
$500.00 in three payments during six months.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made, subject to receipt
of the agreement from Mr. Clem Malone:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 17th day of August, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 22nd
day of August, 1955; executed by Alfred H. Britz and Irene T. Britz, husband and
wife, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

The Building Department presented the application of Horace Sims to move a house
from the rear portion of the Moulin Rouge property, where stored in blocks, to Lot
11, Blk. 3, B. M. Jones Subdivision, 1203 I Street, R-1 zone.

This application is in order subject to compliance with city ordinances and also
minor requirements and corrections as noted.

His Honor asked if there were any objections from the neighbors. He was informed
that the people within 300 feet radius had approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Horace Sims to move a house
from the rear portion of the Moulin Rouge property to Lot 11, Blk. 3; B. M. Jones
Subdivision, 1203 I Street, be approved, provided that the move is completed within
90 days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker
and Whipple.

The Building Department submitted the application of Susie May Johnson to move a house
from the rear portion of the Moulin Rouge property to Lot 12, Blk. 3, B. M. Jones Sub-
division, 1201 I Street, R-1 zone.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Susie May Johnson to move a house from
the rear portion of the Moulin Rouge property to Lot 12, Blk. 3; B. M. Jones Subdivision,
1201 I Street, be approved, provided the move is completed within 90 days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker
and Whipple.

Mr. Franklin Bills, Planning Director, presented the request of Mr. Earl Hartke for a
90 day extension of time on a variance granted for the construction of an oil station
at the comer of 25th and Owens. This request was originally granted to George Cobb
by the Board of Commissioners on March 2, 1955; and the term expires on September 2,

1955. The property has been tentatively leased to the Signal Oil Company subject to
a minor water problem.

RESOLUTION ACCEP-
TING QUITCLAIM DEED
Lloyd T. Jones
Washington Avenue

RESOLUTION ACCEP-
TING QUITCLAIM DEED
Lloyd H. Tritle

Washington Avenue

RESOLUTION ACCEP-
TING EASEMENT
Alfred Britz

HOUSE MOVING
Horace Sims

HOUSE MOVING

Susie May Johnson

VARIANCE
Earl Hartke

v-9-55

8-17-55