EXTENSION OF WASHINGTON
ST FROM NORTH MAIN TO
"A" STREET



SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

PLUMBING ORDINANCE
Specialty Licenses

PURCHASE OF SANTA CRUZ
LOT

PLAYGROUND EQUIPMENT

CIVIL SERVICE
Addn'l Position Created
Welder

FOOTBALL

EQUIPMENT

PAVING OF RANCHO ROAD
& Charleston Blvd.

TRAINEE DRAFTSMEN
Educational Program

EAST CHARLESTON LAND

 At this time a petition was presented for extension of Washington Avenue from North Main
to "A" Street, approximately 2 blocks.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this matter be referred to the Parking and Traffic
Commission and the petition ordered filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants No. 51221, 51224 to
51226 inclusive and Nos. 53199 to 53338 inclusive in the total amount of $133,123.47
be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none:	Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Mr. John Mendoza came before the Board at this time with the request that the Plumbing
Ordinance be amended so that Specialty Licenses for the installation of sprinkler systems
would be allowed. Mr. Mendoza's purpose in coming before the Board was to bring this
matter to light so that an investigation could be made.

It was pointed out that many cities have such an amendment and Mr. Sharp requested the
City to secure some of these ordinances so that same may be looked over.

Mr. Rounthwaite and Mr. Mendoza stated that there has been no definite decision by Mrs.
Santa Cruz as yet as to the purchase of this lot.

City Manager Rounthwaite stated that the recommendation on the Playground Equipment bids is
not ready and requested this be held in abeyance until the next meeting as there is
more analyzation to be done.

Mr. Rounthwaite requested permission to hire a welder on a full time basis. This matter
has been approved by the Civil Service Trustees. Said welder would work in the City
Garage and be classified under Sch. 21 of the Pay Plan.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this be approved.

Seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Jarrett,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Mr. Wade presented a rough draft of a chit concerning the football equipment which will
be provided for the Recreation Department. Said Agreement must be signed by the parents
of the boys receiving the football equipment in which it is stated that the parents will
be responsible for returning the equipment in good condition, with allowances for
normal wear and tear.

At this time City Engineer George Wade presented the bids on the paving of Rancho Road
and Charleston Boulevard. Mr. Wade recommended that the bid be awarded to Wells
Cargo at 65 cents a foot.

It was pointed out that Ideal Asphalt presented a bid at 54 cents; however, the City would
have to roll and chip at an additional cost to the City of 25 cents a foot, making a
total of 79 cents a foot. Therefore the bid of Ideal Asphalt would actually cost the
City 14 cents a foot more than the flat bid of Wells Cargo at 65 cents a foot.

There is approximately 6000 square yards to be paved.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the City Engineer's recommendation be approved.

Commissioner Whipple suggested that the figures of both bids be shown in the records so
that the bid of Wells Cargo can be shown as the actual low bid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Mr. Rounthwaite presented a request at this time that the City provide the three trainee
draftsmen in the Engineering Department with entrance fee to the Nevada Southern College
where a draftsmen course is being given at night. The City does not provide adequate
training to these people, and the City would benefit greatly from this course.

The tuition would be $20.00 per person. The course is given two evenings a week.

Commissioner Whipple stated that he felt a precedent would be started if the City paid for
this schooling, and Commissioner Sharp agreed.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the request of the City Manager and the City
Engineer for permission to send three trainee draftsmen to night school at a
total cost of $60.00 be denied.

This motion died for lack of a second.

At this time the request of Mrs. Spaugh to buy land from the City in East Charleston was
considered.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be denied.

Commissioner Jarrett seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

9-15-54