(Coupon Form)

(For Bonds 1 through 70, Inclusive)

(a)	$32.50

(b)	6.50

(c)	23.83

NO. *_____________

On the first day of January, 19___,**(unless the bond to which this coupon is attached has

been called for prior redemption) the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay
the bearer hereof the sum of

(a)	Thirty Two and Fifty One Hundredths Dollars

(b)	Six and Fifty One Hundredths Dollars

(c)	Twenty Three and Eighty Three One Hundredths Dollars

in lawful money of the United States of America, out of a special fund designated the "Assessment Dis-
trict No. 100-25 Street Improvement Bond Interest and Redemption Fund," or in the event said fund shall
be insufficient therefor out of its general fund, at the offices of the City Treasurer of said City,
being one year's interest on its "Assessment District No. 100-25 Street Improvement Bond, Series of
April 1, 1955," and bearing
No.____________________

(a)	(Insert	as	amount	for	coupons	for	bonds in the denomination of $1,000.00.)

(b)	(Insert	as	amount	for	coupons	for	bonds in the denomination of $200.00.)

(c)	(Insert	as	amount	for	coupons	for	bond in the denomination of $733.28.)

Section 5. That when said bonds have been duly executed, the City Treasurer in the City of
Las Vegas shall deliver them to the lawful purchaser thereof on receipt of the purchase price. The
funds realized from the sale of the bonds shall be applied solely to defray the cost and expense of
making said improvements, but the purchaser of said bonds shall in no manner be responsible for the
application by said City, or any of its officers, of any of the funds derived from the sale thereof.

Section 6. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be, and they hereby are, authorized
and directed to take all action necessary or appropriate to effectuate the provisions of this ordin-
ance, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the printing of said bonds and the
execution of such certificates as may reasonably be required by the purchasers thereof, relating, inter
alia, to the signing of the bonds, the tenure and identity of the municipal officials, the amounts
certified on the assessment roll together with the amount of cash payments, the accuracy of property
descriptions, the receipt of the assignable certificates and the delivery of the bonds, and the
absence of litigation pending or threatened affecting the validity of the bonds.

Section 7. That after said street improvement bonds are issued, this ordinance shall be
and remain irrepealable until said bonds and the interest thereon shall be fully paid, certified and
discharged, as herein provided.

Section 8. That all ordinances or resolutions, or parts thereof, in conflict with the pro-
visions of this ordinance, and particularly Ordinance No. 615 are hereby repealed. This repealer
shall not be construed to revive any ordinance, nor resolution, or part thereof, heretofore repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance
shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not effect, impair or
invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the
specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and in-
valid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordin-
ance, in any one or more instances shall not effect or prejudice in any way the applicability and
validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inade-
quate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary
immediately to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency
exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health
and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately
following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said
City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 6th day of April, 1955.

Commissioner Whipple then seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance.
The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called
with the following result:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

4-6-55