CONFERENCE ATTENDANCE
Mr. Maxwell

RANCHO HIGH SCHOOL
LIFTING OF WATER BAN

MUNICIPAL COURT RECORDS

SWIMMING POOL

ACQUISITION OF LAND
Old Ranch
UPRR

BOARD OF EXAMINERS &
APPEALS
Reappointment

PLANNING COMMISSION

PLUMBERS EXAMINING BOARD
Resignation Accepted

VARIANCE - Rear Yard
Setback



TYPEWRITERS FOR PUBLIC
WORKS

At this time the request of Mr. Maxwell to attend the Cemetery Alliance
Conference from October 3-6 in Portland, Oregon, was considered. Travel
and Expenses will amount to $150.00.

Commissioner Sharp stated that precedent had already been established and he
felt this request must be granted.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that this request be denied.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this request be approved.

Both motions died for lack of a second.

City Manager George Rounthwaite wished the Board to know that the Rancho
High School and Board of Education had decided to build one well for the
Rancho High School with auxiliary pump. They feel that only one well is
necessary at the present time which will keep the expense down.

The question was raised at this time as to whether the City should publish
the lifting of the water ban.

However, the Board felt that the original resolution stressed the date of the
end of the ban sufficiently.

Mayor Baker stated he felt the public should be congratulated on their
cooperation.

Asst. City Manager R. W. Notti reported on the Municipal Court records at this
time. Mr. Notti stated that Conway, Moe, Hibbs and Funston had been working at
the court and there are two new employees to keep the current records up to date
and one new employee who is working on the old records. The records of the Municipal
Court should be up to date within a month, and the daily cash reports are now
coming in on schedule.

The Board of Commissioners at this time publicly thanked Mr. Collins and Mr. Trent
for the job they did with the swimming pool. Revenue this year is $2624 over 1953.

Discussion was held on the possibility of acquiring a portion of the Union Pacific
Railroad Property known as the Old Rancho, by submitting a joint proposal to the
Railroad along with the LDS Church and the Elks Club.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the Mayor be authorized to sign a letter with the LDS
Church and the Elks Club notifying the UPRR that we will present a formal proposal
of the purchase of the Old Ranch property within thirty days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker, voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Jim Erwin be reappointed as a member of the Board of
Examiners and Appeals, for a three-year term.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioner Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that W. D. Phelps be reappointed as a member of the Planning
Commission for a period of three years.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none
Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the resignation of R. T. Baskin from the Planning Commission
be accepted and Robert Schmutzer be appointed for the remainder of Mr. Baskin's term
which expires on August 24, 1957-

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Sharp moved the resignation of Mr. Hy Forgeron from the Plumbers
Examing Board be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Mr. Franklin Bills, Director of Planning, presented the request of Mr. William
Clark for deletion of the setback requirement on the rear property line.

Mr. Clark's property is Block 10, Mayfair Tract No. 2.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be allowed

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Director of Public Works George Wade recommended that the Nevada Typewriter
Exchange be granted an extension of time on the delivery of two new machines
to his department, from September 15 to October 4.

Commissioner Sharp moved this recommendation be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

9-15-54