GAMING APPLICATION
Chic A Dee Arcade

LEASE - AGREEMENT
Variety Club

Discussion was held and thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that the build-
ing Department be requested to notify the subdivider that no permits will be
issued in this tract until satisfactory arrangements have been made on
building restrictions, based on a minimum of 1200 square feet.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye: noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time Mr. Willie Robertson appeared before the Commission and re-
quested action on his application for a gaming license at the Chic A Dee
Arcade at 1314 "F" Street for 1 craps, 1 "21" and 2 Poker. Mr. Robertson
submitted the financial statement requested by the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this application for gaming license
be approved, having shown satisfactory financial evidence to the Board.

The motion died for lack of a second.

At this time Commissioner Sharp left the meeting

At this time the proposed lease agreement between the Variety Club of
Southern Nevada and the City of Las Vegas for the installation of a child
nursery on the Westside was considered by the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved this lease agreement be approved and
the Mayor Pro Tem and the City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this meeting recess until May 10, 1954 at
7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp and Mayor Baker.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-26

Rejection of Construction
Bids

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-26

Rejection of Assessment
Roll

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 10, 1954

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held this 10th day of May, 1954 was called to order
at the hour of 7:50 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following
members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	George Rounthwaite

Asst.City Manager Robert W. Notti
City Engineer	George Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Comptroller	Harold A. Laird

Commissioner Whipple moved that any and all bids received for the in-
stallation of improvements in Assessment District No. 100-26 be rejected
in and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, the City has heretofore asked for bids for the construction
of street improvements in Assessment District No. 100-26; and

WHEREAS, said bids have been submitted to the City; and

WHEREAS, due to numerous protests as to the cost of said improvements
by property owners residing in the area it is felt that such construction
this year is not feasible.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a recessed regular meeting held on the 10th day of
May, 1954, that all bids heretofore received for the construction of said
improvements be rejected, and that all bid bonds be returned to the bidders.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that action on the Assessment Roll for Assess-
ment District No. 100-26 be deferred and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, the City has heretofore directed the preparation of an assess-
ment roll for the construction of street improvements in Assessment District
No. 100-26; and

5-10-54