HOUSING COMMISSIONER
Berkley Bunker

REFUND OF LICENSE
FEE

Albert Leland Ballard

JUNIOR CHAMBER OF
COMMERCE

SCHEDULES B & C

Sewer Improvement

Program	

PURCHASE OF LAND
U.S. Government

B. M. JONES
SUBDIVISION
Extension of
time

PARADISE PLAZA
Final Map

ALTERATION OF CITY HALL
Advertise for Bids

SCHEDULE D
Sewer Improvement
Program

RESOLUTIONS ACCEPTING
R/W DEEDS

Sunrise Street
&

Alley
"N" STREET

Commissioner Sharp moved that Berkley L. Bunker be reappointed as Commissioner of the
Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas, said appointment to be effective from June
6, 1954 to June 6, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bunker
passed his vote.

At this time Mr. Albert Leland Ballard, 518 South 4th Street, appeared before the Board
to request a refund of $16.00 license fee. Mr. Ballard is blind and secured a license
to solicit on the streets from May 10 to May 24, 1954; however, he was advised by the
City Attorney that a solicitor's license was not required.

Mr. Ballard stated that he played his accordion on the streets for a living and re-
quested the Board to grant him permission to play three nights a week.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. Ballard's request for a $16.00 refund on license
fee be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. Ballard be granted permission to play his accordion
on the streets on Wednesday, Friday and Saturday nights from 6:00 P.M. to 9:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the City Manager reported that the Junior Chamber of Commerce had offered
to furnish manpower and small tools to help with the landscaping of the City*s proposed
Hadland Park in the Sunrise Acres Addition.

The Commission expressed its appreciation to the Junior Chamber of Commerce.

At this time the claim of Pacific Clay Products, under date of May 18, 1954, in connect-
ion with the Ralph 0. Dixson sewer contract was brought to the attention of the Board.
Said claim was ordered filed.

The executed copy of the option for purchase of land by the U. S. Government (NAFB)
approved by the Board on May 9, 1954, has been received and is on file in the office
of the City Clerk.

At this time the Board considered the request of B. M. Jones for a 60 day extension of
time for improvements on streets and water mains in the B. M. Jones Subdivision.

The City Engineer reported that work was to have started on these improvements by
May 20, 1954, but as of today nothing had been done.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this extension of time on the B. M. Jones Subdivi-
sion be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The commission decided to hold the final map of Paradise Plaza in abeyance until June
16, 1954.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Engineer advertise for bids on the alteration of City
Hall; further that the bids be opened on June 28, 1954, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Engineer be authorized to advertise for bids
for construction of Schedule D of the City Sewer Improvement Program; said bids to be
opened on July 21, 1954 at 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right of way deed for street
purposes on Sunrise Street.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 2nd day of June, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds, dated and
executed as follows:

a)	Harrison S.	Stocks	and Daisy	P. Stocks, dated	May	28, 1954

b)	Harrison S.	Stocks	and Daisy	P. Stocks, dated	May	21, 1954

to the	City of Las Vegas,	County	of Clark,	State of Nevada,	and	that the	real property

described therein be and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right of way deed for street
purposes on "n" Street.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett, and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

6-2-94